The Kickstarter campaign is over, but you can still pre-order a CST-01 on our site: centralstandardtiming.com In a Category of Its Own The CST-01 is assembled by laminating thin, flexible components into a 0.5mm pocket etched into a single piece of flexible stainless steel. In order to make the watch as thin and minimal as possible, there are no buttons or knobs on the watch itself. Charging and setting the time is done on the included base station, and for those outside the US who prefer a 24 hour time format, this is also user selectable from the base station. The CST-01 weighs less than 5 pennies at 12 grams. Because of the comfort, weight and thinness, if we didn't want to keep looking at it, we would forget we were wearing it. Everything about the design and engineering was thoroughly considered for its functional and aesthetic benefits. The CST-01 is the most minimal expression of a timepiece, It’s ‘time’ embedded in a band. Components E Ink Screen The concept of the watch was inspired by the qualities of E Ink segmented displays; ultra thinness, readability, ruggedness, flexibility, and low power. We developed our own segmented font designed for E Ink screens to make the numbers look great. Powered by a Thinergy "Micro-Energy Cell" The micro energy cell (MEC) that powers the watch is incredible in its own right. It can be recharged 10,000 times and lasts over 15 years. The watch can charge in 10 minutes and we expect the watch to be able to function for a month between charges. The MEC contains no toxic chemicals or heavy metals providing safety while being eco-friendly. Driven by a Seiko Epson Microcontroller The Seiko Epson System on a Chip (SoC) allows us to do everything we need to in a tiny package and sips power in order for us to achieve our desired battery life. Assembled in the USA Keeping true to the locality of the Central Standard brand, all watches are planned to be assembled in the USA. What's Ahead of Us What we are showing here are "Design Validation Units" (DVUs) that use real production methods and techniques. These are a result of a number of rounds of prototypes before them. Based on everything we have learned from these DVUs, we will be revising our designs to simplify manufacturing and increase the robustness of the manufactured version. We'll be working on small modifications to everything from the stainless steel band, selection and refinement of adhesives, adjustments to the display module, refinement to the top mask in color and material choice and simplification of flexible circuits. The revisions we plan on doing will tackle key issues like making the product as waterproof as possible, optimizing scratch resistance, and ensuring that every product that comes off the line stands up to a high standard of quality. The charger will be revised to move from a 3d printed process to injection molded parts. This is something we have years of experience doing for a number of products that have come to market. We are in discussions with several potential assembly partners, but we need to have final numbers for our initial manufacturing run before those talks can continue. We were originally interested in using Fulfillment by Amazon. After talking at CES with other Kickstarter veterans, they mentioned that shipwire.com was an interesting route for fulfillment as well. We will look into a number of fulfillment services to determine the best one for our needs. Strength of the components under bending: We had a few requests to put the components through the paces to prove that they are flexible: Photo Gallery CST-01 charging station The Nando Rossi Edition: The CST-01NR has a black PVD coated stainless steel band The Rose Gold Edition: The CST-01RG has a rose gold PVD coated stainless steel band For more information about the Nando Rossi and Rose Gold editions, please see Update #6 under the updates tab at the top of the page. The three colors of bands before laminating the electronics and mask. Hi everyone, We’d like to begin this update with our deepest apologies. Through all the challenges we’ve faced, the only thing that has kept us going is your belief in us. The last thing we wanted to do was to disappoint the nearly 8,000 people who generously backed our project so long ago. Unfortunately, some hard news follows. In our last update, we discussed a contract that Flextronics asked us to sign regarding what we were allowed to publish about this project. After reading that update, Flextronics decided they were no longer willing to negotiate the terms of that contract or the language within it. When we were informed of this decision, we were also told that they would like for us to arrange to pick up the parts and equipment we own as production has been halted. This is the latest chapter in what has been a challenging relationship and project to date for everyone involved. Flextronics is a renowned manufacturer who works with the world’s top brands in wearables and other consumer electronics. They’re a good choice for a lot of big, global companies. Unfortunately, in our opinion, it turns out they were not a good fit for the technical challenges of this small startup with, in mass-manufacturing terms, a relatively small number of units. Flextronics is well known for shipping millions of units for many of their customers. We chose Flextronics—above two other manufacturers—because of their expertise in wearables, their location in the US (which enabled us to make frequent trips to California to work on-site), and because they included us in their LAB IX incubation program. We’re sad to say that even with all the knowledge Flextronics has about wearables, little could be transferred, or was relevant to, the specific challenges of the CST-01, namely because of its sub-1mm thickness and sensitive components. We thought working with one of the world’s largest wearable manufacturers would set us up for success. We certainly didn’t think we would ever have to be writing an update like this. Hindsight is always 20/20. If we were to do this all again with the knowledge we now have, we would likely search for a partner that had specific expertise in developing new processes in ultra-thin electronics who was used to working on 10,000 unit runs. We would likely not have limited ourselves to US manufacturers, although, at the time, it was important for us to try to keep as much of the watch made in America as possible. We’ll share “lessons learned” and “mistakes made” in following updates to help anyone in the future avoid some the same challenges we faced. (Deep breath.) The next step is to pick up the parts, assemblies, and tooling that have been paid for that are currently at Flextronics in Milpitas. We’ll work with Flextronics so that all the paperwork is correctly completed and everything can be released into our care. Once we have all the details and paperwork dealt with, we’ll make a trip out to Milpitas to physically load everything and move it. Once we have everything in our own storage, we can do a proper inventory of all these items and take detailed pictures. We know some of you are eager to see this. We haven’t been able to do this as freely as we would’ve liked in the past because of guidelines from Flextronics on what we can share from within the factory walls. Understandably, we have been limited in taking pictures inside their facility because Flextronics doesn’t want competitors to know some of their processes and capabilities. Below is a detailed list of all the items we plan to pick up. There are some parts that Flextronics have paid for that we do not currently own. We have not put those on this list. We also do not own some of the Flextronics machinery needed to assemble the watches such as an ultrasonic welder and a hot bar machine. We’ve had meetings with several organizations who we hoped would be able to help continue production of the CST-01 and get you rewards. To date, however, none of these conversations have been very positive because of the production problems we face. Because of the low, 54% yield, these problems effectively double the costs of the watch, making each cost around $260 to make. At this point, the future looks bleak. A plan somewhere between Plan B and C is now our only option. Here are those plans from the previous update: Plan B: Find buyers for all the above IP, equipment, and parts, liquidating everything we have and redistributing money as required by law. Plan C: In the event that there’s no traction with the above options, we’d essentially make all development “open source” to our backers. We’d share all CAD, schematics, drawings, and design-for-manufacture documentation down to a detailed bill of materials that have all part numbers and suppliers down to the last resistor. We’d share everything we can on how to make the CST-01. We’ve had requests to do this and mail the parts to the backers. This is something we could do, but it’s at the bottom of our list of options because without the proper machinery—hot bar machines, ultrasonic welder, CNC encapsulation machine, specialty adhesives, screen printing, die cutting, etc.—backers simply won’t be able to assemble the watches by themselves. Parts not requested by backers would be liquidated and funds redistributed. As far as liquidation of all assets, we’ll have all photography and inventory of all the pieces and machinery. We have even talked about selling everything on a public site like Ebay so backers can all see the exact amount we’re able to recoup. If there’s anyone out there who has been through anything like this, please reach out. Our friends and families have been incredibly supportive and helpful, but they can only advise us so much. On a personal note, we both have had to take paying jobs to continue to keep this project moving forward and pay for flights and other costs. We’re lucky enough to have employers that know about crowdfunding and the challenges of manufacturing. They are allowing us to keep working on this and give us time for meetings and trips to California. We’d like to end with another apology from us to all of you for letting you down. As disappointed as we are in ourselves, we’re even more sorry to have disappointed our backers. We’re trying to keep our chins up, but we feel awful and are trying to resolve everything as quickly as we can. We’ll make every effort to get to the best outcome possible. Sincerely, Dave &amp; Jerry Where We’re at Now: Our manufacturing partner has estimated they’ll need an additional $1.2M from us for them to fulfill our orders. This is due to the proportion of good products coming off the line and the cost issues we covered in the last update. Over the last few months, we’ve been having conversations with potential investors to try to raise enough money to both complete production and grow the business. The yield concerns, the associated cost, and looking back at the slow pace of development up to this point, however, have made it difficult to impossible to raise the amount of money we need to both scale the business and fulfill orders. When we communicated these things to our manufacturer, they decided to stop the line until it was clear how they would get paid for the completed units, as well as how they would recoup the advances they gave us for this project. There are 135 units ready for shipment at the moment and roughly 200 in process. We’re doing whatever we can to get as many pieces shipped as possible. But, in order to ship the in-process and completed units, our manufacturer is requesting we sign an agreement that would prohibit us from talking openly about some of the challenges we’ve faced during our manufacturing journey. We’re trying to balance our desire to communicate openly and honestly with our backers and customers with trying anything we can to get even a few units shipped. If this proposed agreement moves forward, future updates will be challenging as we’ll be prohibited from sharing many of the facts surrounding the history of the project. We’re currently in conversations with the manufacturer about this agreement and we’ll continue to explore ways to satisfy the manufacturer’s request for additional funds required to continue production while maintaining our ability to keep you as informed as possible. We never dreamed we’d encounter this many challenges for this long. We know we’ve let you all down and we continue to try and keep our chins up and make every effort to reward you for backing us. We’ve been reading your comments and will be addressing some common themes and requests in this update. This is a summary of what we’re covering in this update: Further Financial Information: We’ve put together a timeline from our bank account’s history. We’ve also gone through our photos to pull out images of parts. We hope this is the type of documentation some of you have requested. Plans for Moving Forward: The goal of moving forward is to figure out a way to get rewards to as many people as possible. We’ve outlined our approach below. FAQ: This is meant to cover other questions we’ve received since our last update. Further Financial Information Our bank account balance through time with call-outs during major events. Link for larger size Here’s a little background info to help you interpret this graphic (so you don’t have to go back to previous updates). Our first major purchases were the batteries, the microcontroller (MCU), and the battery management IC. The batteries were long lead-time parts that needed to be ordered well in advance as they were built-to-order and the build process was a lengthy one. The battery management IC was a primary gating item, as it had to be custom processed from a silicon wafer. One wafer would only give us around 6,000 parts. We knew there’d be some yield and one wafer was not enough to build all the 7,900 rewards, so we had to get at least two. The wafers had long processing times (around 16 weeks) and were needed to make the E Ink display (another 8 weeks), so we stage released this and delivered them to E Ink to be placed on the circuits. Once we were fully engaged with our manufacturer, the manufacturer paid for the parts and we paid them in batches, which is why you see many items lumped into three major purchases. The original intent was to order more of these long lead-time parts than were necessary to satisfy Kickstarter backers, so we wouldn’t have six months of down time after fulfilling the original orders. We opened up pre-order sales to pay for the cost of the additional parts. Unfortunately, given the low yield that we’re currently experiencing, additional parts that we hoped would provide us with continued revenue would need to be used to fulfill existing orders. We’ve included images of parts we received further down in the post. Plans for Moving Forward Below are three different options for moving forward in order of preferable outcomes. Plan A: Exchange our intellectual property, techniques, and custom tooling / machinery with a buyer who would complete the rest of the production and fulfillment with our help. The offer would include: Ownership and ability to continue production of the CST-01 under the buyer's own brand. We’d be available to help the new owner transition into producing units. Two patents: A design patent that specifically covers the design of the CST-01 and a utility patent that covers a thin, flexible wristwatch that’s flexible throughout its entire length. Utility Patent 14/590,695: Flexible wristwatch with segmented E-Paper display (still in process). Design Patent D722,894: Flexible wristwatch with segmented E-Paper display. We’ve also developed an encapsulation technology/method for low-temperature and low-pressure molding of flexible elastomeric urethane over sensitive electronics. We needed to develop this process since an E Ink display and a battery wouldn’t be able to withstand the temperatures or pressures involved with a conventional, liquid-silicone rubber, injection-molding technique. This process would be extremely useful for any type of ultra-thin, flexible electronics (wearables, smart cards, etc.). We had a custom CNC machine built to automate this process, which could be repurposed and iterated upon for a range of different devices. We’ll also be available to consult with the buyer to integrate the encapsulation technology we developed into products of their own choosing. The buyer would have the option of patenting this technology and we’d assign the patent to the buyer or keep the process a trade secret. Plan B: Find buyers for all the above IP, equipment, and parts, liquidating everything we have and redistributing money as required by law. Plan C: In the event that there’s no traction with the above options, we’d essentially make all development “open source” to our backers. We’d share all CAD, schematics, drawings, and design-for-manufacture documentation down to a detailed bill of materials that have all part numbers and suppliers down to the last resistor. We’d share everything we can on how to make the CST-01. We’ve had requests to do this and mail the parts to the backers. This is something we could do, but it’s at the bottom of our list of options because without the proper machinery—hot bar machines, ultrasonic welder, CNC encapsulation machine, specialty adhesives, screen printing, die cutting, etc.—backers simply won’t be able to assemble the watches by themselves. Parts not requested by backers would be liquidated and funds redistributed. FAQ: Why is all of this information coming now? Why didn’t you communicate these issues sooner? While we were in the process of trying to get manufacturing going, we didn’t think it would be wise to communicate each and every frustration we encountered. We were concerned that this might negatively affect our working relationship with our manufacturer and our suppliers, leading to more difficulties down the line. What became apparent to us, however, is that designing around bleeding-edge components that are sourced from a single supplier is very risky, especially for a small company. One example is the issue we had with our E Ink displays. We were shipped an estimated 20% broken units that appeared to have been broken due to too much force applied to a component during assembly. This ended up being very costly for us, but what could we do? No one else makes the kind of quality E-Paper displays we needed aside from E Ink. Anything we pursued legally could damage our relationship and destroy our ability to continue production. We aren’t big enough that a supplier would care about cutting us off. Why weren’t the issues you’ve encountered communicated at the onset of the project? The short answer is that, in our opinion, we overestimated the capability of a manufacturing partner to transition a product we were able to make in our workshop to something that could be mass manufactured. We had built working prototypes that were very close to the final form factor we needed. The primary parts that needed refinement were the lamination process, adding color (printing), and the metal band fabrication. The manufacturing partner we chose has a history of making many of the popular wearable technology devices on the market today. We believed they could apply this industry knowledge to take our device that extra step and make it ready for manufacturing. What we learned, however, was that many of the questions we had about how to move forward with production were also echoed by the manufacturing team. CST and the manufacturing team worked on ways to refine the necessary areas, but these efforts ended up needing way more R&amp;D and experimentation than we had anticipated at the start. We also had issues with our suppliers. In addition to the E Ink issue mentioned above, another big issue was that our original battery manufacturer went out of business. One week, things seemed great, then the next, we heard we wouldn’t able to purchase the quantity of batteries we needed. We were able to find a replacement battery that had a similar chemistry and form factor, but, unfortunately, the mechanical properties and the production quality of these replacement batteries wasn’t as good as the original supplier. This, too, led to an unexpected R&amp;D effort around bend testing. We had to come up with a cocktail of adhesives to hold the battery in place where it needed to stay put and let it move where it needed to move. In summary, we were counting on the last pieces of the development process to go smoothly—and the process was anything but. Can we contribute more money and keep manufacturing going? At this point, we’ve concluded this isn’t a good option. If we continue to manufacture at the current yield, it would not only require additional funds that would be in the neighborhood of the original amount backers contributed, but we also don’t have confidence that the manufacturing issues will be ironed out even with additional investment. The last thing we want is to take more money from backers only to continue to run into more manufacturing difficulties going forward. Can you supply pictures of parts? Posted below are some pictures of parts we have. The bulk of the parts are in storage at the manufacturing site and are “kitted out” when a batch of watches is signed off to be assembled. This is why we mostly have photos of the kits sent out, or the boxes of parts when they arrived at the loading dock. Where’s the FCC certification? It was certified by Bay Area Compliance Laboratories Corp. A screenshot of the cover of the report and a photo of one of the tests is below. For further information, the associated update is update #15. Pictures: Hi again, we wanted to add this Financial Summary into last update, but it took about six hours to distill all the technical details into something that could be digestible, and it took the better part of today to get all these things we’re about to share organized in a way that’s easy to follow. This update will show where our money has been spent to date, over the last two years. As many of you are asking about refunds, we wanted to open the books so you can see where the money you’ve contributed has been applied. The money has mostly gone into development, tooling, and purchasing the parts that go into making the watch and charger. We have included detailed pie charts below showing money in and money out. We are also publishing this information to show where we have not spent money. We realized immediately after the Kickstarter campaign ended that we had to run a tight ship and put every penny toward parts, development, and tooling, so we went to extreme lengths to keep our other expenses as low as possible. Finances | The Details Money raised: The chart below shows all the money we raised. There’s a large chunk of money from all the Kickstarter backers and some additional funding post-campaign via pre-orders. You’ll also see $100k of additional outside funding we raised. Money Used: The money spent was separated into into two groups. The first group, money from Kickstarter and pre-orders, was used exclusively for tooling, parts, and development costs of the CST-01. The second group is the additional investment, which we used for our operational expenses. We split our expenses up this way to ensure that your contribution was unequivocally used on the specific manufacturing costs of the CST-01. The first chunk of money went to Kickstarter and Amazon fees. This was for hosting the campaign and processing payments. This was roughly $100k. The money we received from the campaign was $923,634. The Validation, R&amp;D, Shipping &amp; Start Up Costs bucket covers things like creating programming and test fixtures, experimentation of adhesives and materials, test tools for proving out the encapsulation process, sample batteries for evaluation, sample metal bands, and evaluation circuit boards. The largest slice was spent on parts for the watch and the associated tooling. Big-ticket items are the E-Ink display, batteries, battery-management ICs, microcontrollers and clock crystals. Tooling includes injection mold tools for the plastics, dies to form metal bands, diecut tools for trimming circuits, ultrasonic weld tools, and a custom machine for applying adhesives and encapsulants. Here is a break-down of all parts, tooling, programming and certification paid for to-date: Running Lean, Keeping Operating Expenses to a Minimum: Our operating expenses came out of the additional 100k investment. We’ve broken this out below. Certain numbers stand out, for instance, you’ll see that “Compensation” is roughly around $18,000 for two years. This number reflects the net salaries paid to both of us over the two years we’ve been working on CST. This number is low because we not only invested a lot of our own savings into the company, but we paid ourselves the minimum we needed to scrape by month-to-month once the remainder of our personal savings was exhausted. Some things to note are what we’re NOT spending money on. When we could do things ourselves, we did. This includes all of the CAD &amp; specification drawings for the watch, the electrical engineering, a large chunk of the programming, the electrical testing and calculations, making our own programming and testing fixtures, procurement of parts, and identification of outside vendors (for steps that our manufacturer didn't have the capability for). We do not have an office (we worked from home or on-site at our manufacturer). We did not buy computers or software. We did not hire a staff. That has certainly helped as paying for even a small office seems like an unnecessary expense. We both live in Chicago. When we have to travel to San Jose for CST, we organize our schedules so that we can find the cheapest airfare and lodging possible. We found that hotels are too expensive to stay at when we have to be in San Jose for weeks at a time (even the cheapest hotels can be over $100 a night per room). So, AirBnB always comes out as the cheapest option. We sort options by price and select the cheapest possible accommodations. Most recently, Dave has been spending almost every other week on-site. Because money is tight, Dave took the cheapest possible option for accommodations to the extreme. He rented a van from AirBNB with a futon in the back that he parks in the manufacturer’s parking lot. It’s $35 a day, so he gets transportation and somewhere to sleep. Again, since we’re mostly working when we’re on-site, these sparse accommodations don’t really matter too much, and it has allowed us to be at the manufacturer’s site more often in recent months. What This Means for Delivery of Watches As you can see from the numbers here and in the last update, continuing production at this time is a challenge. We have the majority of the parts needed, but are struggling with the yield and the costs involved to assemble them into final units. At the moment, we don’t have the reserve funds to make up for the yield and labor costs. We are currently investigating options that may allow us to get units out to the backers and continue to produce, but the details of these conversations are still in the early stages. We will be shipping as many watches as possible and are working with the manufacturer to see how many watches can be shipped. We hope that this update helps to communicate that we have been doing everything in our power to get through these issues and get these products out to you folks. We’re deeply sorry for what looks like may be a negative outcome and it pains us to write this post. We assure you that we will continue to look for ways we can get watches out to you and we will ship every last watch we are able to. -Dave &amp; Jerry Production numbers and speed of production are much lower than estimated, initial production was initially estimated at 1,000 - 2,000 units per week from our manufacturer. The production line is far from running at full efficiency as we encounter issues and have to install additional steps for testing. That estimate is currently at 200 units per week. As we work on the line training operators, actual production including yield was only 130 over the past 2 weeks. We kept the first batch small in order to see how the watches did in the field. Unfortunately, we had a higher percentage of failures and returns than we were comfortable with. In order to prevent shipping more unreliable products, we went back through the steps of the production process to find where those errors were and added more testing to ensure that we ship robust units. This process added more delays to our goal of getting units out the door. We continue to work on our process in order to get our yield and costs into a range that will enable us to ship to our backers with the amount of parts we have on hand. This is very disappointing to us and we know incredibly frustrating for all of you. Below is an explanation of what’s happening to date as we continue to make all efforts to get these numbers into a more respectable range. A brief summary shows where we are getting an incredibly low percentage of shippable product. We are getting failures of parts and then additional failures as we go through assembly steps. This all adds up to 44% of all the products not being ‘shippable’ as they fail functional or cosmetic tests at various points in the assembly. The details on production and yield challenges. E-Ink circuits: We are getting 80% yield on these parts out of the box. We have tried many approaches to rework the failed circuits. None of the rework approaches have yet managed to get the failed circuits to work. The reason that 20% of circuits are failing is that too much pressure was applied to the battery management chip during assembly, This effectively crushed and destroyed the chip. The units were not tested to our electrical specification, and as a result, we were shipped boards with 20% failed parts, which not only adds 25% to the per-part-cost, but also adds cost in testing to weed out the failed units. As these parts are one of the most expensive parts of the watch, we have been investigating ways to avoid eating this 25% cost increase. We have successfully tested and documented a process for removing this part but have been unsuccessful in finding a vendor willing and capable of removing the parts and attaching replacement parts. The battery management chip is a custom bare die part cut from a thinned silicon wafer (In short...It’s tiny and a real challenge to place and attach) We are working on other ways to regain that 20% loss, but we may have to realistically live with the loss. The Batteries - Attaching and Encapsulation. The battery supplier has been incredibly proactive in attempting to fix issues and sent an expert from France to San Jose to thoroughly test and document the challenges with these batteries. Tests covered thermal, mechanical and visual inspection guidelines. Visual inspection show that some batteries have visual defects (bubbles) that indicate that they may not be electrically sound in the long term. Pull and stress tests were conducted on the battery tabs to see where these tabs would fail or fall off. The results of this in depth investigation mean we now know we have an 80% yield (20% of the batteries fail after we put them through tests and inspection) This yield issue effectively makes the cost of the battery per product also 25% higher. Compounding this issue is that even when the batteries get past the inspection, these ‘good’ batteries go through the production and assembly are attached to the E-ink circuits, These circuits are then encapsulated in a flexible resin. Additional bending and stress tests are conducted after this step. 10% of these assemblies fail those tests. The result is that those entire failed assemblies become scrap. This points either refinement needed on battery protection or a more stringent battery tab pull test required. We found that failures in the shipped units may have been due to a battery attachment problem. We tracked down that there were a batch of units where the incorrect solder was used on the line causing unconnected cold solder joints on the battery. (The solder had the wrong melting temperature and could not "wet" fully to attach the batteries). We have added confirmation steps to ensure the correct solder is used moving forward. Assembling to bands The final few steps are to attach the encapsulated circuits to the bands and then bend test the final product. We get an additional 77% yield here (23% of the final products fail at final testing.) The primary point of failure at this point is delamination of either the battery tabs from the battery or the battery tabs from the circuit board. Once this happens, the only salvageable part of the assembly is the metal band. What does all the above mean? We get a cumulative yield of 55%-56%. with all the testing that is necessary this is very time consuming and requires real human attention at every step of the process. In cold cash terms it balloons the parts and labor cost to around $300. The low yield effectively doubles the production costs. This is obviously something we need to improve in order to be able to deliver rewards to everyone. If we kept the line running with the yield we are seeing, we would not be have enough parts to send to all the backers. We understand your frustration and hope that by pulling back the curtain to talk about the problems we have encountered, we will be able to communicate what is keeping us from getting these watches out currently. We will continue to be as transparent as possible in future updates. - Dave &amp; Jerry | CST Hello Backers, Last week, we worked with our manufacturer to finish building, testing, and shipping our first batch of products! We'd like to share a few photos of this final process: Final Testing: Ready for packing: Scanning base station serial numbers: Boxing up: Ready for delivery: We are delighted with how the product has turned out and are excited to be getting them onto your hands. At this stage we are being careful to start slow to make sure our process has all of the kinks worked out of it. For those of you who are curious how we are going about the shipping queue, we are shipping by both order number and the SKU that we are currently producing. We have started with the black, raw titanium, medium watches for this shipment, but will be changing the line over to cover the different color and sizes in subsequent orders. Now would be a good time to make sure your address is correct in the Kickstarter system. If you are unfamiliar with how to update your address, we wrote a brief tutorial here: <url>| CST Hello Backers, We are back from another couple of trips out to the manufacturer and have some progress to share with you. New Steel Tools and Cavities We found that some of the yield issues we brought up in the last update were due to a tool in our molding machine flexing. We modified the molding process and made a new tool from steel that does not flex, so all of the units show much more consistency than previously. The photos at the top of this post are from encapsulation tests we have been running. We are currently addressing some issues we are seeing with the encapsulant on the small size units and running bending stress testing to make sure it does not have any issues before we ship the product. These tests are currently in progress. The Batteries We have a documented test procedure, and have tested a batch of batteries with this procedure to make sure the batteries we use are good and mechanically sound. Dave personally inspected the batteries that pass this test and found a small subset of the batteries seem questionable. We are waiting to hear back from the battery manufacturer for their recommendation on how to resolve the issue. The Bands The issues with the bands look like they are becoming resolved. We have received a batch of bands from the manufacturer and while we currently need to test every unit to determine whether it meets spec, we are seeing that we are getting a good yield of bands and should be able to get to 100% in spec in time. Moving Forward The last two hurdles are making sure the units pass bend testing and resolving the battery issues. Once we are past this, our plan is to start getting these out the door to you. Once again, we were delaying the update until we could say "we started shipping!" since it looked like it would be just a week or two out for the last few weeks. We apologize that our update cadence is slower than many of you would prefer, so we will be revising our approach to keep you informed irregardless of whether the milestone we anticipated was met. We will be back visiting the manufacturer again next week and we will post a brief update after that trip as well. Thank you all again for your patience and support. -Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST Team The first samples made with all final manufacturing processes: We just returned from another 2 week trip to California to work closely with our manufacturing partner. Above are the first units produced with 100% of the parts and processes that will be used in final manufacturing and they look great! The issues that remain are the bands, batteries and yield targets which we'll dive into below. The Batteries As we started to assemble our test units, we found that the batteries have some issues where some units have tabs that aren’t well adhered. The good news is that the battery supplier is extremely proactive in fixing the issue and we are working closely with them to document a testing procedure to weed out and replace problematic units. Close-up showing a tab not well adhered Dialing in the Process and Increasing Yield Throughout this journey, our bill of materials has increased. From issues with E Ink displays, the original battery partner closing shop, and the move to Nitinol bands has left us with very little room for scrapping parts that don’t come off the line perfectly. With sample in-spec bands, we were able to assemble 7 working units. However, this was from a batch of 16 circuits. The main reason for the low yield is due to the aforementioned battery tab issue. We are addressing the issues in order to get the yield back to a reasonable number before we can pull the trigger on high volume manufacturing. The Bands We’ve been working for weeks to get a schedule from the supplier for when we will be receiving bands in California. Delivery dates and quantities were in a state of flux, so we had been waiting to update until we had parts in-hand. Unfortunately, as of right now, the bands have still not arrived. So, what’s been happening? At the point we approved the first article parts we were told that 200 parts a day was a safe estimate of what would be produced. It took us several weeks to track down why we were not receiving parts as promised. It appears as though the supplier was having some challenges meeting that estimate due to machining tolerance creating a lot of ‘scrap’ parts that were outside specification. It turned out that the bands were not being measured according to our instructions, so many “scrap” parts were actually good, we also looked at their measurements and found ways to loosen tolerances without impacting the design in order to help them reach yield targets. As of yesterday 200 in-spec bands were due on the loading dock in California, but we just received a note that the 200 units that were supposed to ship were not shipped since the vendor had missed a process step (cleaning) and the parts were out of spec, so they were returned to the vendor. Our manufacturing partner has installed daily updates and check ins and have also mobilized a team to be at the band manufacturing site to oversee production in order to resolve the issues in getting these made. We will continue to update you as we get more information about the shipment. The cautious approach and the careful delivery schedule from the supplier is likely due to the following reasons: -The raw material costs for Nitinol sheet is incredibly high, running ‘failed parts’ and rushing them through the line is a costly error, running them slowly will get the supplier a better yield and less scrap parts...ultimately they will get more ‘good’ parts that pass inspection that we have paid for. -In ‘mass manufacturing’ it would be normal to run 2,000 or so parts through the line to check and measure them to make sure consistency was reached, in our world that would be around $50,000-$100,000 in parts to ‘check’ the system..or roughly 10% of all backing Kickstarter backing money to ‘check’ the system. -Internal systems are in place that check FAI (first article parts) and lead to PPAP (Production part approval process) these processes are internal to the supplier and it has taken sometime for those internal processes to be opened up to us in order for us to successfully collaborate on arriving at a solution. This supplier has invested a lot of time and effort so far in getting these processes fine tuned. -Chinese “Golden Week” was the 1st of October to the 7th of October, this means the lines ramped down and came back up upon return. We have been hand assembling circuits to bands and continue to refine and prepare all the other steps of the process for the arrival of these bands. Fingers crossed we will be receiving these bands at 1,000 to 2,000 units per week, meaning about a month of production time. Moving Forward Having two people at CST handle the design, packaging, engineering, CAD, process development and documentation for a product has been quite a handful. In some ways this has been good for us allowing us to weather these numerous delays by staying small, but it also means that sometimes communication suffers and we apologize for this. The manufacturing partner is now providing more support to get us across the finish line and dial in these details to increase yield. We are systematically addressing these last few issues around yield and the bands. We understand that you are anxious to get the watches and we cannot wait to get these out to you too! - Dave, Jerry and the CST team We received the fourth round of sample bands today from our metal partner and are happy to communicate that everything is looking right on for the dimensions. We have checked these here in Chicago and will compare notes with the manufacturer in the next day or so when the factory returns to work after observing a lunar holiday. At that point, we’ll give clearance to get the production lines going for these parts. Below, you’ll find a quick dimensional survey completed on these samples. Our measuring equipment has an approximate tolerance of plus or minus 0.005mm for thickness, and plus or minus 0.01mm for those “interior” dimensions which are less critical. (Basically, the spreadsheet and the parts prove that everything will now fit). In summary, this is looking MUCH better. Communication Lapse First off, we know we need to do a better job communicating and apologize for the lapse. We thought that if we just put 100% of our effort into kicking off shipping that this update would read “We started shipping!” and this would answer about 95% of your questions and e-mails. We want to make sure it's known that we are not going anywhere and are committed to getting you your rewards as quickly as possible. The reason that we usually prefer bigger updates is that if we publish an update with lacking information, it actually increases the amount of questions we get instead of the intended result of decreasing inbound questions. We know that we need to provide you a better "heartbeat" to make sure we're still working, so we will do better at providing this moving forward. Wrestling Nitinol Bands Into Mass Production The nitinol bands are the key part that is holding up the entire project plan. We know that many of you are frustrated with these delays and so are we. It’s been about 5 months since we received the first nitinol sample band. We have been through 3 sample rounds with the supplier, each round taking a more time to produce and receive than anticipated. Never has it been clearer that the tolerances we are attempting to hold and the thickness goal we aim to achieve is something that is very unique compared with more routine requests in manufacturing. Each round presented it’s own type of quality control problems. The first round were simply not thin enough, the second round were almost thin enough but had the incorrect surface finish, the third round, although thin enough, had major tolerance oversights in the other dimensions, meaning the flexible circuit module would not fit within the pocket. With much discussion on how we could work with the bands as they were, we had to make the painful decision go through another round of samples to get the parts right. We are ASSURED by Flextronics and the supplier that these will have none of the previous issues presented in the prior rounds of samples. Flextronics are shoulder to shoulder with us and are as surprised as we are that this has taken so long to dial in. Daily late night calls, passionate debates, the creation of incredibly detailed quality control documents, tighter and tighter tolerance definition, fabrication of measurement tools and fixtures have helped isolate and solve the problems we were seeing. Here are some images of one of the measuring devices that has to be used directly after the forming process, there is an 18 page document associated with all dimensions and tolerances that each and every band must pass to be correct for the final product. We are poised to receive that 4th (and, again we are assured, final round) of what are called ‘golden samples’ within the next few days. These were planned to ship on August 31st, but have been delayed and finally shipped out on September 3rd. With shipping times and customs these should be in our hands September 8th or 9th. Once approved we should then receive large orders of these parts over the following weeks. The nitinol manufacturing partner can supply 200 bands a day for the first week or so then 400 a day as they refine the process. it should mean that we’ll be staggering our ship out to all of you as we receive those parts, rather than waiting for them all to be completed. Other Activities We just finished a trip to California where we continued to tune circuit encapsulation, color and hard coating to increase quality and yield. We want to make sure we are managing all the different process so that we get a high yield of usable sub-assemblies. We’ve also been analyzing other parts of the assembly process and refining those to increase output per day in preparation for the roughly 2000 bands that should be arriving each week. After printing Die cutting Jig for assembling modules to bands Inspecting die cut fit Next week at TechCrunch We will have a few demo units assembled onto some of the sample bands we received on display from Monday 9/8 to Wednesday 9/10 as part of the Flextronics Lab IX booth at TechCrunch Disrupt in San Francisco. Dave will be manning the booth most of the time, so if you are around come say hi! Schedule As far as a new ship date, we are faced with the challenge of whether we give you the date we expect, as we have been doing (which means we assume that no more unexpected delays come in to us) or do we assume that another new delay of some sort is bound to occur and give you a safer date. If we play the safe route, many of you will ask why it is so far away, and the answer would be “we don’t know, because we are accounting for the unknown”. That said, we have no information that would point to further significant delays after we get these bands. There will be a “ramp-up” period where the quantities of units out the door has not yet gotten to the pace we eventually will get to, but we should be able to start getting these out the door in the coming few weeks. Thanks again to everyone for their support and patience during this process. We are looking forward to getting these to you as soon as we can! Dave, Jerry and the CST Team. Hello from Milpitas, CA, We're once again in California in the Flextronics facility working with them daily to get the kinks out of the process and streamline manufacturing. Here's where we're at on a few items: The Bands: We are going back and forth with our vendor to dial the tolerance in. It looks like they should be able to meet us half way on our tolerance request. Concurrently, we have been able to modify our molding machine to encapsulate the electronics in a slightly thinner package, to get us back to where we need to be. Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale. We will keep you posted once we receive the schedule. The Base The base station build is going well. We have tested base stations from the first units off of the line and they work and look great. Ultrasonic welding the board into the enclosure: We know all of you are eagerly awaiting your watches, and we hope we can communicate to you our complete dedication to this project. We know that when we get these watches out, the will be of a caliber that we feel proud of and you will feel good about wearing. We will start shipping as soon as we can get these wrapped up, which we hope will be in a matter of weeks. Thank you all for your support and patience. -Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST Team The results are in. We're calling it because ever since we launched the survey, the results read roughly 65/35 in favor of taking the time we need to get the bands in tolerance. There was never any kind of variation in the results over time, and we see no reason why they would change drastically the longer this is left open. We assure you this does not mean we will be taking our time getting these out! We will continue to work as hard as possible to get the watches to you as soon as possible AND have them be within the original planned tolerance. Thank you for your participation. Best, Dave, Jerry and the CST Team Hello backers, we just got back from another 2 week trip working at Flextronics and we have a status update to share with you. The main news is that all steps of the process, except for one, have parts and are underway. The one thing holding us back is the manufacture of the nitinol bands. We got the first sample of a nitinol band in early March. Since then we have received a round of samples that did not meet our thickness tolerance specification, and a second batch of samples that keeps getting delayed. We are frustrated at the pace of development with the current supplier and are now looking into alternative suppliers who could potentially help speed things up. We know that many of you are anxiously awaiting your watches, so we decided to make a survey. The purpose of the survey is to inform us whether more people want us to ship the watch sooner, or if more people care about an approximate 0.15mm thickness tolerance increase: The reason we had our original specification was to keep all watches thinner than the $15,000 0.98mm Delirium IV from 1979. While it was an engineering marvel, where the band meets the case is visibly larger than 1.10mm, and the watch was “so delicate it could not be worn because the case would bend when you strapped the watch to your wrist”. For these reasons, we still feel that delivering a watch where some units are up to 1.1mm thick still qualify as the world’s thinnest watch. However, we feel the right thing to do is ask you what you think. It boils down to this: one option is to keep working on getting the tolerance dialed in. This could take more time to complete since we have not yet seen Nitinol samples that pass the original spec. The other option is to move ahead with the bands we have seen and get these watches out sooner. Fortunately, the bands are the last step in the process, so we can stock up on the subassemblies of the watches and the final step will be putting them on the bands after the bands arrive. Here’s the link to that survey, help us make the right decision to move forward: <url>’s another piece that has to be done by someone! Thanks you all for the support. We apologize for the delays, and are working as hard as we can to get these out to you as quickly as possible. Best, Dave, Jerry, &amp; the CST team. A lot happened in the past couple of weeks. As promised, we have some photos of our trip to share with you. This update will be more of an annotated photo gallery. One of the big steps we made was setting up our custom-built encapsulation machine. The watch has some very unique requirements that led us down the path of inventing a new manufacturing technique along with a custom built machine in order to produce it. We worked along-side the company who made the machine for the better part of 3 days, tuning and programming it to get it to work just right. Here's a picture of what it looked like when it arrived: Believe it or not, attaching the battery has actually been a very difficult process to get right (and repeatable). The process we got to seems like we finally nailed it. Some samples from the final PVD vendor: We dialed in the formulations for the ink colors and protective coatings with our print vendor: The Base Station circuit boards are being populated and are getting ready for programming: Dave programming the first panel: That's it for now. We return to Flextronics next week and will have more to share! Best, Dave, Jerry and the CST team TL;DR: We are slightly behind schedule. Three areas in the list of 60 or so things to complete have required more tuning to pass dimension tests and assembly. This has moved the first ship date to be more likely the 3rd - 4th week of May for first shipment. The 3 areas that have impacted shipping: Plastic Parts The plastic flow issues and molding marks on the overmolded part for the base station that were evident last month proved difficult to tune with no concrete deadline to resolve them. So, instead we modified the tool geometry, added a slide to mold a tiny hole for the LED light and changed to an opaque overmold rubber, this got rid of the flow marks and we can see the LED. Some additional tool tuning is required to get the USB area to look good. These tooling changes took about 5 days to complete. Also, the top plastic part in the base station was moving around while being ultrasonically welded. This meant that the cover of the base station would not reliably be attached and be flush with the sides of the base station. We modified the tool, and fixed the issue. Final tuned tools will be complete on April 24th, about two weeks later than planned, We should be receiving all plastic parts on about April 30th. Nitinol Bands The first sample shipment of the bands did not pass a dimension check inspection, the wall of this part has to be around 0.2mm in order to be the world’s thinnest, when inspected this wall measured about 0.29mm, We adjusted the process with the partner and are expecting to get accurate bands within 2 weeks for assembly. The Encapsulating Machine Once built this machine went through several tests and showed overflow in the tool and the lines. This was estimated to to take one week to completely debug, but has actually taken about 6 days longer. This machine was shipped from China on Monday. Once this arrives, we will be working with the machine to do some final tweaks to the settings to get this humming along. This again, represents another piece in the puzzle that stacks up to a an approximate two week impact on the shipping schedule. Parts we have on-site that are good to go: The following list are the parts we have qualified, tested and are ready to be implemented once the other pieces of the puzzle fall into place: Base station PCBs All electrical components Zinc weights Torsional springs USB cables E-ink displays All adhesives Batteries Watch programming fixture Battery attachment tool and machine Hot bar tool and machine Ultrasonic weld tooling and machine (for attaching the PCB to Base Station plastics) Watch assembly station. Things for this week and next: Setting up shipping computer and label printer for ship out Installing software for programming &amp; testing multiple watches at once Top plastic and Pivot part plastics arrival Receiving customer packaging Receiving shipping packaging Receiving and tweaking encapsulation machine Production and delivery times. We’ve been optimizing the assembly process, this requires training 4 operators per task as there will be two shifts per day working on getting these watches and base stations assembled, put in boxes and shipped out. Estimates for production times are currently looking like 200-250 units made and shipped out per day, this means that all backers will receive their rewards within 30 days or so from first shipment. We will continue to optimize that process and try to increase daily output. We will be organizing orders by date of pledge received and by batches of SKUs to increase efficiency, meaning early backers will be in the first 2-3 days of full production shipping. We’re working with the shipping software company “Endicia” and currently setting up our shipping and tracking station. This means that you will get a personal email from the system when the unit is shipped out with tracking and a delivery date. This coming month of activities We will be overseeing every step of the assembly and ship out process for the foreseeable future to ensure quality and function are not compromised. We got into this to create a beautiful, well designed watch, and we will be on-site to make sure that's what we deliver. New update cadence This update is a bit different from previous ones that had more imagery and video. Since we are fast approaching a first ship out, we will post shorter, more pointed, and frequent updates showing photos &amp; videos of the production details as well as keeping you up to speed on things closer to real-time. Thank you! We want to make sure we take some of this space to thank all of you for your support and patience while we get through these last steps. This month, like every one previous, is looking like one with very little time for sleep. Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We’ve been getting a lot of similar questions, so we’ll be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. When will you be shipping? Please read the above update for details on a shipping schedule. What order will you be sending out watches? I’m getting married / It’s my wife’s birthday / our anniversary so I hope to get mine first. Rewards will be sent out approximately in the order they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We’re doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Yes. If you need to change your address, please see the last update on how to do so (please do not post comments about it) How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There’s no overlap in the sizing chart, and no space between sizes, so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line, think about whether you want a watch that will be able to move a bit on the wrist with some room to breathe, or if you want a snug, streamlined fit that will never get caught on cuffs. We have found it really comes down to personal preference. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVUs we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We’re still in the process of producing the CST-01, so they’re not shipping currently. If you’re interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship, you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there’s one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we’ve requested to have removed. We’ve been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you’ll just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we’re still taking pre-orders on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . The TL;DR: Items and sub-assemblies are on schedule. We still have some challenges to overcome, but things are looking promising. Most of our updates focus on the ‘wins’, This time we’ve decided to share a short list of some of those frustrating, behind the scenes details that consume our time and caused Jerry to lose his voice this month ;) It’s definitely more than a full time job in order to keep this running smoothly. We’re still jazzed to be doing this, grateful to you all as always, and excited for the final product, but thought you might find it interesting to hear about some of these stories behind the scenes. Overmolded Base Station Parts This one seemed like something that we should not lose sleep over, but tiny challenges popped up and needed to be addressed to keep us on schedule. The actual plastic resin pellets used in the injection molding machine for the overmolding process need to have a low “shore hardness” (meaning soft &amp; flexible) and has to be slightly translucent to allow our LED to shine through. At the beginning of the month it was proving challenging to to get the resin for the injection molding machine to actually ‘work’. It was flexible enough, but the pigment needed to be tuned to get the right translucency and there were flow marks through the final parts (because the pigment in the resin pellets were not mixed thoroughly) The parts we were receiving were more than good enough to get us through testing assembly machines and ultrasonic welding jigs etc...so all that kept running smoothly. We rolled up our sleeves and began engaging alternate resin suppliers in China to custom formulate that overmold resin, We found three potential other suppliers and did all the work to get them all to deliver custom samples of their resins in pellet form to the injection molders at Flextronics. After a month of iterations, trials, late night calls and expediting samples to the injection molder we hear that this issue has been overcome and we should have final parts within a week or so. So, the plastic parts are on schedule and will not be impacting fulfillment, but we figured we’d provide a little peek into what it took to keep us on schedule. Zinc Weights We were working with several partners for molding these zinc weights that act as counter weight in the Base Station. We were shocked at the incredibly long delivery times and bad communication from all these partners. 60-90 days for delivery was unacceptable. We decided to go out on our own and find a new vendor. We found three and requested quotes. We narrowed that to a single new partner within 2 days after making the decision to source this on our own. We had new molds made and they delivered perfect sample parts to us in about 14 days after the initial conversation. We receive all our zinc parts in about a week, in less than half the time the other suppliers were committing to, the communication from the new supplier is amazing, with regular updates and always meeting or exceeding deadlines. We’re so happy that this little part will not be causing any issues to our schedule. Springs To show the level of detail that we have had to get down to, we had to get a custom-made spring that goes in the base station. It allows the contacts of the base station to make contact with the watch, yet get out of the way when the watch is removed. Programming the Base Station Microcontroller We have a microcontroller in the base station that requires programming. We have a certain amount of un-programmed parts in hand, and pre-programmed chips should arrive in a few weeks. In order to make sure we get watches out to you guys as quickly as possible, we decided to make a programming fixture so we can use the un-programmed parts we were able to source sooner. This also gives us the flexibility to reprogram panels in the future if we find bugs or want to add functionality. What we had to do: We designed and made a programming jig for that assembly line, it programs an entire panel of these PCB’s, 33 at a time, meaning we can program over 60 panels an hour.. This means, worse case scenario, we can program all the boards for our backers in about 4 hours, which will probably be one of us sitting in the assembly line… The idea for this style of programmer came from Pete Lewis at Sparkfun. Below is a picture of our inspiration (Thanks Pete!) In tandem, we had a test fixture company do a professional fixture for the programming of the actual watches themselves. We just got photos of the final embodiment today and it looks pretty bomb-proof! Titanium bands We had to work through some details on the Titanium bands. While we were able to form individual bands by hand, when we attempted to have these formed at scale and heat treated to keep their shape, the heat-treating didn’t turn out so well: In heat treatment, the bands were getting damaged to the point of failure, so we have a couple pathways moving forward to remedy this. We are testing a Titanium alloy called “nitinol” that is getting phenomenal spring back and beautiful aesthetics. We are also refining our heat treatment technique to get the grade 5 titanium to keep it’s shape, and survive the process. We are confident that we will get to a good solution and will share news with you as it arrives. Packaging Packaging samples came in and they are looking great! See for yourselves: Certification We have our certificate of compliance so we can use all of those logos on our packaging that will allow us to ship to your various locations! This Coming Month of Activities &amp; Risk Items - We just got off a call with our manufacturer. We placed an order at the beginning of this month for a hot bar fixture that we will use for connecting our battery and for connecting our flex circuit to our rigid board on our base station. These fixtures should be arriving in the next week or so, but they have been delayed. We are doing what we can to make sure this won't impact our timeline. - We get samples of our different titanium band options next week, we will continue to push this to keep it on schedule. - We will receive one custom fabricated machine from China specifically designed for our process of encapsulating our watch circuit boards. We’ll also be tuning all the other machines for PCB assembly, programming, ultrasonic welding, heat staking, and hot-bar assembly of the base station. - We are finalizing secondary packaging for shipping to backers (These will be marked with all necessary notes and labels to ensure they are free to travel without customs problems). This month, like every one previous, is looking like one with very little time for sleep. -Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We’ve been getting a lot of similar questions, so we’ll be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. When will you be shipping? Please read the above update for details on a shipping schedule, it is expected to be the last week of April What order will you be sending out watches? I’m getting married / It’s my wife’s birthday / our anniversary so I hope to get mine first. Rewards will be sent out in the order they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We’re doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Yes. If you need to change your address, please see the last update on how to do so (please do not post comments about it) How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There’s no overlap in the sizing chart, and no space between sizes, so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line, and you don't know what to choose, we recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accommodate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVUs we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We’re still in the process of producing the CST-01, so they’re not shipping currently. If you’re interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship, you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there’s one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we’ve requested to have removed. We’ve been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you’ll just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we’re still taking pre-orders on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . What’s Happened &amp; What's In Progress - Our battery partner has delivered all the custom units. - The final watch circuit boards are all in our possession , currently being integrated into Flextronics inventory management. - First article parts for the Base Station plastics have arrived , been tested and second article parts are on their way. After tuning of the tool, we can crank out the parts for all our backers quickly. - The first titanium bands in all three sizes and all three colors are arriving shortly. We’ve improved the geometry to look and feel way better. (softer edge, perfect brushing and good spring back) - Getting fully embedded in the Flextronics system has taken a lot of hard work to make sure we’re adhering to the standards put in place by those systems. - Packaging has been finalized and is in production. - We have a very detailed production plan in place. We’ve worked with Flextronics and all the 12 separate teams all week to nail down the final integration plan and ultimately get us to a fulfillment schedule. (there is a an edited down, but still detailed Gantt chart later in this post for those who crave the details) Waterproofing We know how interested everyone is in making sure the watch is water resistant, and we’ve gotten there. It’s taken fractions of millimeter adjustments and a ground-up redesign (since the first prototypes) of the assembly process to ensure no water can get in. We have not conducted highly scientific tests at this stage, but the CST-01 functions when submersed in water, and after being submersed in water continues to function. We have booked time at the Flextronics testing facility so we can get the water resistant certification (ISO 2281 water-resistant watches standard) Bonus USB Functionality We have been keeping this close to the chest, but it is at a point where we can talk about it now. We have added USB data functionality, so when the base station is connected to a computer it enables a few additional features. In the future (most likely after we have delivered the watches), we will be able to give you an application that will automatically update the watch to the computer’s system time. For the hackers out there, there will be a command-line tool that will allow you to write custom applications so you can have a tethered watch show any time you want (time of the next train, time until your next meeting etc…). This was the type of thing that we put off because it falls in the “optional” category. To make sure we weren’t distracted by this, we got some coding help from our friend Tod Kurt who became an expert in this field making the fantastic internet-connected USB LED called the blink(1) . Base Station Even though CAD for the tool was finalized many months ago, it takes 8 weeks to cut all the steel, assemble the moving parts and texture the tools. We have received the first parts of this tool, but it must now go through ‘tuning’ to get good quality parts aesthetically and mechanically. What does that mean? We will be fine tuning the flexible overmold so that buttons feel good to push. The level of pigment in that resin will be adjusted to make sure the status LED is easily visible. The pressure and temperature of the plastic that is injected into the tools will be tuned to eliminate sink and flash marks where the plastic flows between the pieces of steel. We will also be adding textures to certain surfaces to get them to come out of the tool easier and look good. Once the tooling is tuned then these parts can be produced at in less than a minute each. Band Production We’ve been tuning this process as well to get aesthetically beautiful parts that have the best springback properties. Flextronics is working on finalizing this in all three sizes and all three colors, Scheduled delivery of those first parts about 3 weeks from today. We needed your sizes in the survey to know how many of each band to have made. Customer Packaging We’ve worked hard with Jansy LLC Packaging to develop final packaging that will protect your watch while in transit and look good, Here are some images of that final packaging, These arrive in about 5 weeks. FCC &amp; CE certification The FCC reports have been filed and some of the additional CE certification is getting finalized. We borrowed an ESD (Electro-static Discharge) gun to perform some of our own tests outside of the testing lab in order to feel even more confident about the watch’s reliability. The Schedule Due to the challenging nature of what we are doing (&lt;1mm curved, flexible electronics), there have been many new processes and manufacturing techniques that need to be not only developed but proven and qualified so they can be added to the Flextronics system. This has been a more challenging and detailed task than is usual for a typical product development process. Flextronics have been willing to experiment and add these new capabilities faster than they have done in the past, so Kudos to them for stepping up to the plate on this and quickly qualifying new ways to manufacture. We will still be assembling our watches in California, but are leveraging the global expertise Flextronics has to make sure we are using the best resources available to us. For us, this means working with teams in both the USA and China. Our schedule has been challenged by the most recent holiday season in both countries. For instance, one major part of the puzzle is a custom automation machine being developed to reliably manufacture some of our assemblies. This is being fabricated at a Flextronics location in China, another of Flex’s locations in China is also handling vital parts of the Titanium production. We’ve concentrated this past week on tying up loose ends and making sure all the development and all the separate partners are lining up. It’s kind of like spinning plates, it has to be constantly monitored and we have to make sure we are delivering all information and engineering tweaks or feedback on quality control to all the partners in a timely fashion. This means delivering drawings and information to 12 separate teams on a daily basis. This level of management can be quite demanding, and is especially so when we are developing new manufacturing techniques to do something that has never been done before. Below is an incredibly detailed Gantt chart that has taken us the better part of a week to wrestle together, it shows when all the separate parts and sub-assemblies come together and we begin to ship in batches. As you can see there are lots of dependencies and opportunities to try and compress certain items (such as the fabrication and testing of that automation machine in row 3) We have weekly conferences on how to expedite certain aspects of the schedule without risking reliability or build quality. Link to Gantt chart The TL;DR There is still a good chunk of work to be done and it looks like the watches will ship around the last week of April. A version of this detailed schedule is being used by Flextronics to make sure deadlines don’t slip further, and we’re doing what we can to compress things as much as possible. The one gating item is the fabrication of the machine that encapsulates all the electronics, We are focusing efforts to speed this up as much as possible. We’re working on how many can be produced and shipped per week, This is expected to be in the region of 1,000 per week, possibly more if we can run 3 shifts per day. This Coming Month of Activities - While one of the machines is being assembled overseas Jerry and I have made a prototype version so we can continue with all other parts of the schedule. - Getting into the water resistance testing facility and running tests. - Drop testing the consumer packaging. This month, like every one previous, is looking like one with very little time for sleep. -Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We’ve been getting a lot of similar questions, so we’ll be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. When will you be shipping? Please read the above update for details on a shipping schedule, it is expected to be the last week of April, What order will you be sending out watches? Can I get mine first? Rewards will be sent out in the order they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We’re doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Yes. If you need to change your address, size or color, please send us a message through the kickstarter system (please do not post comments about it) I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There’s no overlap in the sizing chart, and no space between sizes, so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line, and you don't know what to choose, we recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accommodate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVUs we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We’re still in the process of producing the CST-01, so they’re not shipping currently. If you’re interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship, you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there’s one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we’ve requested to have removed. We’ve been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you’ll just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we’re still taking pre-orders on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Titanium Bands This is something we’re pretty excited about. The stainless steel band was performing well, but we thought we could improve upon it. We tested titanium in parallel with stainless steel and concluded it’s worth the money to upgrade to this far superior material. The Details: Weight: The entire watch assembly is nearly half the weight of the original: our previous weight of 12.5g has been reduced to 6.6g with the titanium band. As far as we can tell, this means the CST-01 will be the world’s lightest watch, as well as the world’s thinnest. It’s so light that a helium balloon can carry it! The watch on the left is one of the old prototypes with the steel band, the watch on the right is one of the new titanium samples: Material Properties: Titanium has better "spring back,” (low elastic modulus) so it better keeps to its original, intended form after repeatedly wearing and removing the watch from your wrist. It is also less stiff, meaning it will be more compliant and comfortable when wearing. Biocompatible: We are using “grade 5 titanium” (Ti6Al4V), which is extremely biocompatible. Those of you who were concerned about nickel allergies need not worry, as there is no nickel in the Titanium alloy we will be using. It’s the same alloy used in biomedical implants. Badass: Grade 5 titanium is the stuff used on space shuttles, fighter jets, and satellites. Manufacturing Titanium: Titanium’s manufacturing properties have made the decision even easier. Titanium can be formed using ALL the same processes as stainless steel and does not incur any schedule slip. In fact, we have more forming and heat treating options available to us. Flextronics is working on forming tools at this very moment. Even the pre-production models we have feel incredible. They are so unbelievably light. Brushed finish, PVD Coating: All models will have the same brushed finish. For the Nando Rossi and the Rose Gold editions, PVD coating works the same way as on titanium as stainless steel. (We’re waiting on brushed samples at the moment.) All in all, we thought it was worth the extra cost for all the above benefits. It’s undeniably better in all categories. Certification In parallel with our work with Flextronics on the mass production units, we’re also been making samples of the watch and the base station for FCC, CE and other necessary certification for us to be able to ship worldwide. These samples are for electrostatic discharge (ESD) testing (what happens when the watch and base station are exposed to incredibly high electric shocks), electromagnetic radiation emitted, and capacity to receive electromagnetic radiation. The samples passed these tests with flying colors. A 4kV discharge does absolutely nothing to the watch or base station, 8kV resets the watch but causes no damage, and the watch emits basically no RF, which is not surprising given that it uses such a small amount of power and has no wireless capability. We will have no problem getting the required certification once the results are written up and submitted for approval. Here’s a short video of those certification samples, the watch and base station changing time and going from 12-hour mode to 24-hour mode. This video shows the final method for setting the time also: We did our tests at the Bay Area Compliance Lab. The anechoic chamber where the RF tests were done is completely sci-fi and incredible: Sleepy Face Low Battery Indicator We had fun coming up with an animation to communicate when the watch runs out of power. You will see this after a month of use if you let the battery drain all the way. Utilizing the segments available, we managed to create a pretty unique indicator: Revised Shipping Schedule We were hoping to start shipping the first batch of watches in late December, but now it looks like it will be late January before we could start shipping units. We are balancing the desire to ship as quickly as possible with the requirement that these watches will be robust and keep ticking when after being put through the paces. We will not sacrifice testing to get these out, and sometimes testing requires unforeseen refinement phases to address issues. We know you want your rewards and we are doing everything we can to get them to you and have them be the best they can be. We are working with Flextronics to outline another detailed plan based on what we know now and will get it out to you as a mini-update as soon as it's complete. Challenges Overcome We estimated about 3 weeks for getting these models ready for CE and FCC testing in the last update. In parallel we were running our own electrical and hardware tests as we assembled those samples, These two items ended up taking about 3.5 weeks. The E Ink displays function as planned, with only one detail that required refinement in the battery-installation process. We were hoping that everything would be perfect, but were relieved that only one area required tweaking to get to best performance. Those adjustments will get us a better performance in water resistance, something we know is a question from our backers. We improved the geometry slightly and adjusted adhesives and assembly steps to better protect the battery from the elements. Once we got it right, it was bomb-proof in our initial tests. Check out his test where we threw a prototype from 12 feet high onto a concrete floor. (Although we are testing to these extreme conditions, please do not do these types of things to your watch!) Here's another where we're bending it in a manner we do not recommend: The physical adjustments were all released in CAD to Flextronics for the base station tooling and have been updated as of a week ago. This adjustment may have made an impact on tooling release: about 2 weeks. We’ll be working with Flextronics to do all we can to expedite the next stage of the process, assembly line strategy is complex, and we’re asking a lot, there are so many new techniques and manufacturing processes in the CST-01 that it will require continued hard work. We’ll be continuing to have lengthy working sessions as we build this out and transfer some responsibilities over to Flextronics. Component Delivery Batteries: Our custom batteries are arriving in a timely manner and are on schedule. We’re very happy to see their production is very much on target. Base Station Electronics: All PCBs and components are on schedule with no delivery issues. E Ink Sub-Assemblies: E Ink wanted to add a few weeks on their end for additional quality control and testing. We were expecting a batch of sub-assemblies by December 7. Now, the new delivery date is December 23-25. This puts us in a little bit of downtime as factories close down for Christmas, but we need to make sure these boards are perfect before the full order comes because there is no room for a mistake. This Coming Month of Activities - Over the next 2-3 weeks, we’ll be working closely with Flextronics on assembly-line design and delivery schedules. - We’ll be sending out the reward survey shortly so that we can get all sizes, color, and delivery information from our backers. - Finalizing the packaging design for shipping. This month is going to be a busy one! Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We’ve been getting a lot of similar questions, so we’ll be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. Will you still be shipping in September? No. Our current schedule shows we’ll start to ship in late January. What order will you be sending out watches? Can I get mine first? Rewards will be sent out in the order they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We’re doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Not yet. In the survey, you’ll be able to select your size(s), color(s), and submit your shipping information. We’re only allowed to send one survey, and as these types of data change every once in a while, we’re waiting until we absolutely need this info before sending you the survey. We’ll do everything we can to make sure you don't miss it, and we’ll post in the comments and issue an update when it does go out. If you’re concerned that you missed the survey, please look through the updates. I would like to select my size, I am a... You’ll be able to do this in the survey that will be sent out when we need this information. The survey has not been sent out yet. I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There’s no overlap in the sizing chart, and no space between sizes, so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line, and you don't know what to choose, we recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accommodate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVUs we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We’re still in the process of producing the CST-01, so they’re not shipping currently. If you’re interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship, you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there’s one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we’ve requested to have removed. We’ve been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you’ll just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we’re still taking pre-orders on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . First of all, we’d like to thank E Ink for all their hard work to date. We’re excited to announce we received the first 150 fully integrated circuits a week ago! A major milestone to completing delivery of these watches to our backers. We’ve spent all week testing these circuits and everything is looking good. All the segments are behaving correctly and the circuitry is behaving as expected. We’ll continue testing these for a few more days to make sure everything is okay before we pull the trigger on the final production line. Flextronics is advising us on top-priority testing procedures. (A looong list of tests for at least 75 of these units means gallons of Red Bull and coffee are in our near future.) It’s an important and nerve-wracking activity: we have to be sure the circuits are perfect, as there’s no going back from this point. We’ve fabricated a programming head to run these tests while Flextronics works on the mass-production solution for programming all the watches. Mechanically Testing the Circuit The circuits passed our first test with flying colors: they’re dimensionally accurate! Approximately 0.425mm maximum thickness. The perfect size for the world’s thinnest watch. In parallel to all the electrical tests we’re performing on the circuits, we’re also doing mechanical tests on them. We’re making sure the circuits still work when bent and applied onto the band, and we’re confirming that when we do trim the circuits to different sizes, it doesn’t damage any of the components. In the image below, you’ll see a flexible circuit trimmed to the smallest size with a newly formed “small” band in the background. Base Station Development We’re well into tooling and assembly-strategy reviews with Flextronics. We also have initial injection-mold tooling drawings. It’s been a challenging month with many rounds of revisions to ensure a really robust enclosure. But, after all that work, we’re poised to meet the final tooling-release deadline we’ve set for ourselves: about a week from now. (A small victory.) After testing the last iteration of the base station over an extended period of time, it became clear that we needed to refine the mechanism to get a good, reliable connection to the watch itself while not damaging the connector. We now have that final, refined, mechanical architecture that gives great electrical contact to the watch when charging and changing the time. The latest iteration of the base station has a completely custom mechanism inside. When the watch is inserted, a small plastic part rotates into place to hit the charging contacts accurately. Because the connectors are rotated into place, there’s no risk of scraping past the connectors and damaging them. We’ve managed to do this while still retaining the small package (about 20% the size of the original charger). Here’s an image of the initial injection-mold tool drawings. This is for the main part of the Base Station—it’s a complicated tool. :) This part is injection molded first, then the tool swings out to another platen to begin the rubber overmolding process. The purple, blue, and orange sections show parts of the tool that slide to mold button details, USB details, and a window for CE and FCC labelling. All the plastic parts have to be analyzed for plastic mold flow. Here’s an example of one type of analysis for the top plastic part: This Coming Month of Activities We’ll be spending all our waking hours this month getting the above parts fabricated and assembled so that we can embark on certification testing. Making all the parts, assembling them, and testing them should take about 2-3 weeks, which leads us into accelerated wear, thermal, moisture, ESD, CE, FCC testing, which takes another 3-4 weeks. We have printed circuit boards for the Base Station arriving this week and next, so we’re on plan for this build phase. It’s important we pass all these tests so we can ship worldwide and we are confident our product will perform well. This month is going to be a busy one… :) On a Less Technical Note: CST is Now Our Full-Time Job On a recent call with E Ink, the team was surprised to discover we’re doing CST full time now: all day, every day. And it struck us that even with all the updates, we hadn’t told any of you either! Our bad. We left our jobs at IDEO about 6 months ago. We had to: the design and development of the CST-01 is requiring our full attention. We want you all to know that we’re fully committed to this and only this right now. Our job is to deliver high-quality watches. Period. Okay, that’s about all for now. Thanks again to all our backers and thanks for reading this mini update.. We’re expecting more parts of the puzzle to arrive over the next few weeks, and we’ll share pictures when we have them, in the style of mini updates like this one. Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We’ve been getting a lot of similar questions, so we’ll be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. Will you still be shipping in September? No. Our current schedule shows we’ll start to ship in December. What order will you be sending out watches? Can I get mine first? Rewards will be sent out in the order they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We’re doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Not yet. In the survey, you’ll be able to select your size(s), color(s), and submit your shipping information. We’re only allowed to send one survey, and as these types of data change every once in a while, we’re waiting until we absolutely need this info before sending you the survey. We’ill do everything we can to make sure you don't miss it, and we’ill post in the comments and issue an update when it does go out. If you’re concerned that you missed the survey, please look through the updates. I would like to select my size, I am a... You’ll be able to do this in the survey that will be sent out when we need this information. The survey has not been sent out yet. I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There’s no overlap in the sizing chart, and no space between sizes, so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line, and you don't know what to choose, we recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accommodate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVUs we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We’re still in the process of producing the CST-01, so they’re not shipping currently. If you’re interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship, you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there’s one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we’ve requested to have removed. We’ve been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you’ill just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we’re still taking pre-orders on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Last week we began a trip to California to work closely with our assembly partner, Flextronics, for 30 days. Our goal is that relocation will allow us to accelerate development and arrive on the highest quality solutions together. It looks like all the CST-01s for our Kickstarter backers will be manufactured in the USA with the help of Flextronics International. We had a goal to make these in the USA, we’re excited to have got so much closer to that goal this month. Flextronics are incredibly experienced in all areas of supply chain management, manufacturing and fulfillment, We’re very excited to have such a prestigious partner on board to deliver these rewards. They’re kind of a big deal and this certainly makes us more confident we’re moving toward delivering the best quality product we can. Here’s a picture of us with the core team after a recent development meeting. Project plan and schedule We’re really excited about what could be interpreted as completely boring. All partners and supply chain are on schedule as planned, We’ll keep updating this project plan as we collaborate with Flextronics this month. Anyhow, details on all the parts: 1. Battery samples delivered. 400 parts arrived and we’re currently using these for testing, the delivery schedule for the rest of our batteries is still on schedule too. 2. Battery Management IC delivered. We received 400 of these units this week and ship them directly to our flexible printed circuit partner for testing. Full delivery of all these ICs is the 16th of September. 3. Flexible circuit with e-ink display on schedule. A sample set of the fully integrated watch circuit is scheduled for delivery on October 9th for testing, we are working on ways to expedite this to reduce timelines. After some testing we can turn the key and manufacture 10,000 circuit boards. And here’s the project plan with where we are to date: A much larger and more readable chart Activities this past month Base Station We have these parts more ready for injection molding, the main parts all have the required 1 degree of tooling draft, two of the parts need a ‘slide’ in the tool for details that cannot be molded straight (the USB hole and the button levers. will have a sliding part of the tool to mold these features.) The 3D printed iterations this month are working well and we are ready to do some CNC machined parts. This will enable us to test the resulting in the force needed on those connectors, we can also do repetitive tests on the connector. With these models and test results in hand should be armed with the knowledge we need to make any needed engineering changes to the tool and assembly to have the work repeatably and reliably. The most challenging part of the base station is getting good force and contact between the watch charge point and the connector in the base station….and doing all that while ensuring it ‘feels’ secure when you slide the watch in and out. Here’s a cross section view through the parts picture above when assembled.. Bridging the time until we receive our final flexible circuits. As you can see from the timeline we do not receive the final flexible circuit with e-ink display for about a month. So as to not waste time we released a prototype flexible board that we can attach to our previous prototypes so that we can continue mold testing, mechanical and electrical testing. September To-Do List - Test a physical model of the base station and charger to ensure good mechanical and electrical performance. - Design refinements based on the results of the base station tests and further refinements for moldflow in injection molding. - Create some test fixtures for the flexible circuit so we can refine molding strategies while we wait on delivery of our real FPC in October to continue more testing. - Continue packaging design and engineering development. What’s the Status of the Budget? We’ve had very little expenditure this last month, The wedge moved a little due to ordering some crystals and having them delivered to our FPC partner, plus some small prototyping cost for the base station and the bridge flex circuit. We’re on track! Cheers, Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team FAQ We have been getting a lot of similar questions so we will be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. Will you still be shipping in September? No. Our current schedule shows we will be starting to ship in December. What order will you be sending out watches? Can I get mine first? Rewards will be sent in the order that they were received. This is the only fair way to schedule it. We are doing everything we can to get them out as soon as possible. Has the survey gone out yet? Not yet. In the survey you will be able to select your size(s), color(s), and submit your shipping information. We are only allowed to send one survey and as these types of data change every once in a while, we are waiting until we absolutely need this info before sending you the survey. We will do everything we can to make sure you don't miss it, we will post in the comments and issue an update when it does go out. If you are concerned that you missed the survey please look through the updates. I would like to select my size, I am a... You will be able to do this in the survey that will be sent when we need this information. The survey has not been sent yet. I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There is no overlap in the sizing chart, and so space between sizes so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line and you don't know what to choose, we'd recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accommodate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVU's we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We are still in the process of producing the CST-01 so they are not shipping currently. If you are interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there is one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we have requested to have removed. We have been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you will just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we are still taking pre-orders on our site at centralstandardtiming.com . (TL;DR: It looks like the watch will ship December - January.) It’s been a busy six weeks here at CST. We’ve been concentrating on four main things: 1. Finalizing a completely new battery solution. We’re no longer able to procure THINERGY batteries. These were a vital part of our system but, unfortunately, the manufacturer is no longer producing them. We’ve worked hard to find a new battery that has similar characteristics and that passes our electrical, capacity, and flexibility tests. This has been the primary pain point concerning scheduling, but we have secured the delivery schedule of a new battery solution that meets our challenging specifications. 2. Developing and purchasing a custom “Battery Management IC” that is within our thickness limitations. Stock parts were outside our needed specifications, so we needed to specify a custom solution (with an associated longer lead time). 3. Purchasing all other long lead-time components 4. Minimizing delivery impact to backers. We’ve managed to compress the production of the custom components mentioned above, but we are still looking at an estimated delivery window of the watch to backers from December 2013 through January 2014. (there’s a lot more detail on this later on in the post). We thought it was best to make sure all delivery times were stable before doing a Kickstarter update, as some of these delivery times were still shifting as recently as last week. We want this to be the ONLY update like this we have to do. New Battery Solution Battery Status: We finalized all necessary tests and delivered payment for 10,000 batteries on June 15. We are getting these batteries as fast as our manufacturer can provide them to us. The first 400 battery samples arrive in 3-4 weeks. We can use these to continue on our path to pre-production units while waiting on the delivery of final production batteries. Our partner is ramping up production early for us and will be delivering batteries on a staggered schedule so we can keep assembling units at a good pace. (Delivery dates are shown in the project plan later on in this post.) Battery Management IC Production: Sometimes the smallest things are the most important. The tiny Battery Management IC, a critical part of the watch’s electronics, has taken quite some time to nail down in terms of details and development times. We’ve ordered and paid for a custom silicon wafer in order to meet our thickness and performance requirements. The minimum order for these parts is 18,000 units. We placed the order on June 3, and are well into production of these units. Manufacturing this type of custom wafer and IC takes about 14 weeks. For such a physically tiny part, it’s playing an incredibly important role. It protects the watch from damage due to over-discharge, while the associated circuitry protects the charging and data ports, which in turn protect the watch from moisture damage. It also helps us know when the battery is charged, so we can have a reliable signal to tell you when it’s topped off. Wafer dicing Redesigned and Integrated Display Circuit: We have defined and placed the order for a completely revised integrated flex circuit for the display. All components are now to be assembled on one flexible circuit board, rather than laminating multiple layers, as shown in our Kickstarter prototype. The benefit of this approach is that we have fewer layers of adhesive resulting in mechanical reliability and a thinner overall size. Automated Assembly Work: We have evolved our manufacturing strategy to ensure all electronics are sealed against moisture. This required us to rethink and adjust the way the watch would be assembled and will result in a higher-quality assembly. Current progress on subassembly Continuing to Work on Charging and Data Port Details: We have also further refined the details of the charging and data port. The inclusion of an anisotropic silicone layer will protect the watch even further from moisture. It will raise the level of the contact area by 0.5mm to reduce mechanical wear and ensure a good connection when placed in the charger. It also hides the previously exposed contacts, giving the watch a cleaner appearance. What’s the Status of the Project Timeline? We’ve spent a lot of time focusing on working around “dependencies” in the project timeline for the last 4-6 weeks. These dependencies are things like: Populating our boards depends on all the electrical components being at the assembly house, or the glue needs to be at the factory before we can test assembly to the bands on actual equipment. We identified the areas that cause delays and focused on addressing those issues first and foremost. Not being able to use our original battery, and having to qualify a new solution that has a much longer lead-time has certainly impacted our timeline. Other Developments: The good news is there’s plenty of work to do that is not reliant on delivery of these components, so now we can refocus and continue to develop our design while waiting for delivery. If you crave the details, below is a link to our project plan with all our dependencies shown: (click here to get a much larger JPEG) What’s the Status of the Budget? Despite the increased costs of the new battery solution and the Battery Management IC, we’re on track to use our backing money carefully where it’s needed to buy components and pay for mold tools, assembly packaging, and everything else. At this point, we’re more thankful than ever for our backers. You are making it possible for us to get the CST-01 out into the world. Activities for the Next Month As you can probably tell from the update, our last month or so was all about supply-chain management and getting all partners synchronized around production and delivery. We also focused on getting the most challenging parts of the watch—the flexible circuit—further toward delivery with continued engineering development and revisions with our partner. We’ll still be dealing with all the above on a daily basis. August To-Do List: - Further develop the mechanics and automation for both the watch and the Base Station. - Adjust details on the watch’s metal band to relieve stress in certain areas and to increase longevity during repeated bending. - Tweak the Base Station for injection molding and assembly, as well as PCB development and production. - Conduct on-site plant visits to assess current automation offerings and repurpose them to meet our specific needs. Again, thank you all so much for the support! This last six weeks has been tough, but we’re motivated by having worked through these challenges and by having your continued support. Cheers, Dave, Jerry &amp; the CST team We’ve been especially busy this month meeting with many possible partners and having to redesign certain parts for those partner’s capabilities. We’re also having to create and develop some new methods of assembly for specific automation platforms. Our Design Validation Units on Display at the New Museum: If you head over to the New Museum in NYC, you can see a couple of our design validation units on display at their Adhocracy exhibition . This runs for another month. Check it out! Battery Status: We are looking to move to a different battery supplier, We had to work through some challenging mechanical issues and design a new way of bend testing. We have a couple of options for different battery suppliers, and the specifications are very similar to the Thinergy cell we were previously evaluating. The good news is that with all the possible design tweaks we’re getting promising results of over 1800 extreme bend cycles from almost flat to the radius of the small band. We will likely be placing our orders for batteries and battery management ICs this week in order to prevent delays in fulfillment. Watch Assembly: Many factors have pointed us to make a much better watch assembly. We’ve got new directions that overcome challenges on surface levelling, water resistance and creating a much more rigorous assembly to protect the battery and other components. We are in negotiations with several partners that have the machinery to automate this process AND we have been prototyping a ‘proof of concept’ molding assembly, right here in our shop, to bring with us to these meetings. We have been using specialty adhesives, casting materials and a molding jig that we expose in our UV curing chamber for these rough tests. New Base Station and Charging Port: While working out details around assembly and water resistance, we have simplified the stainless steel band. There are no holes on the back anymore and a sub-assembly will be sealed before it is adhered to the band. We have moved the charging and data points to the front surface where we can control water ingress. Because of our battery management circuitry, if these exposed contacts are bridged (e.g. dipping it in water), there is no appreciable current draw from the battery. By going this route, we will have much better water resistance than the previous design could. The above watch refinements mean we have had the opportunity to address a much better option for the base station. One that works with all sizes and is small enough to travel with conveniently. A “travel charger” was a much-requested optional accessory, but instead of doing that, we decided to revisit the base station to make it more travel-friendly for everyone. The result is a base station that gives the illusion the watch can almost levitate, highlighting it’s incredible low weight and thinness even more so than the previous design. In short, there are a number of reasons that this change was the right thing to do. The world’s thinnest watch needed to be paired with an equally unobtrusive base station. Although we were fond of the knob interaction for setting the time on the previous design, there is no question that the newer design is superior. We’re currently adding molding details to that charger and expect a higher fidelity ‘prototype within a few weeks. FAQ We have been getting a lot of similar questions so we will be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. Has the survey gone out yet? Not yet. In the survey you will be able to select your size(s), color(s), and submit your shipping information. We are only allowed to send one survey and as these types of data change every once in a while, we are waiting until we absolutely need this info before sending you the survey. We will do everything we can to make sure you don't miss it, we will post in the comments and issue an update when it does go out. If you are concerned that you missed the survey please look through the updates. I would like to select my size, I am a... You will be able to do this in the survey that will be sent when we need this information. The survey has not been sent yet. I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size), which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There is no overlap in the sizing chart, and so space between sizes so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line and you don't know what to choose, we'd recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accomidate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. Before we send the survey we will release a simpler final sizing chart, so please do not fret too much about the sizing details right now as they might change slightly. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVU's we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We are still in the process of producing the CST-01 so they are not shipping currently. If you are interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there is one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we have requested to have removed. We have been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you will just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we are still taking pre-orders on our site at centralstandardtiming.com . Hello everyone, We have been hard at work and have a big update for you. Working Full Time: We are now in our third week of working full time on the CST-01. We now have an office within IDEO Chicago set up as Central Standard HQ. Sizes and metal forming: We got the next round of size revisions in stainless steel from small to large and are working on refining these further. Here's a picture of them inside our "tolerance-checking-jig" Battery Management IC / Water Resistance Progress: We are adding circuitry to the watch that will make it much more robust. What this does is allow us to charge the watch with a power source anywhere between 5 and 20V. It also protects the watch from short-circuiting. Bridging the charging contacts with metal, water, sweat etc. will not do any adverse damage or discharge the battery. Because the watch is so thin we cannot use conventionally packaged ICs (integrated circuits), we have to get full silicon wafers processed specifically to yield parts thin enough. We are currently navigating this process for our battery protection. Battery Life We have been testing the battery life with our new battery management circuitry in place. The test started on 3/27 and the watch is still ticking 26 days later. It looks like we can still hit our one month battery-life target! Display and general electronics refinement: We’ve been working on further integration of the display module, battery management chip, Epson SOC into one subassembly to increase reliability and simplicity of the entire system. Manufacturer Visits This coming week we will be visiting manufacturers with facilities in the US. These visits will help us finalize our partner selection, and allow us to design for specific assembly processes. Best, -The CST Team FAQ We have been getting a lot of similar questions so we will be publishing a FAQ at the bottom of our updates in order to answer the majority of questions we receive. Has the survey gone out yet? Not yet. In the survey you will be able to select your size(s), color(s), and submit your shipping information. We are only allowed to send one survey and as these types of data change every once in a while, we are waiting until we absolutely need this info before sending you the survey. We will do everything we can to make sure you don't miss it, we will post in the comments and issue an update when it does go out. If you are concerned that you missed the survey please look through the updates. I would like to select my size, I am a... You will be able to do this in the survey that will be sent when we need this information. The survey has not been sent yet. I would like to change my color to... See above How can I change my shipping address? See above Using the size chart, my wrist is just barely inside of (one size) and barely outside of (another size) , which size do I choose? Using the size chart, you should choose the size where the band is inside the "size range" square (not outside). There is no overlap in the sizing chart, and so space between sizes so you should be inside of one of the areas. If it's really right on the line and you don't know what to choose, we'd recommend the smaller size since the bands can be spread out slightly to accomidate larger wrists easier than they can be made smaller. Before we send the survey we will release a simpler final sizing chart, so please do not fret too much about the sizing details right now as they might change slightly. I'm a distributor/reseller/vlogger and would like a sample for… Production samples are not ready yet. The DVU's we do have are not final parts and are not ready for evaluation by suppliers or testers. Where can I buy one? / I just found out about this Kickstarter and still want to pre-order one. / I would like to order additional colors. We are still in the process of producing the CST-01 so they are not shipping currently. If you are interested in getting your name on the list for when we do ship you can pre-order watches on our site: centralstandardtiming.com . Orders will be fulfilled in the order they were placed. Thanks for the interest! I see that there is one watch left at the $99 level, how do I get that one? The Kickstarter campaign has ended. That statement is a bug in the Kickstarter system that we have requested to have removed. We have been told that removing this statement is not possible, so you will just need to take our word that the campaign is over and there are no "early bird" rewards left. However, we are still taking pre-orders on our site at centralstandardtiming.com . Firstly, we want to thank all of the backers who helped us raise funds for this project. Completing at over $1M and 5 times our original goal, we are deeply thankful for all of your support. Because of the enthusiastic support, we have enough funding to have our pick of the best assembly partners and component suppliers to make the watch as good as it can possibly be. We would also like to announce that we have added the ability to pre-order watches and base stations directly from our website: centralstandardtiming.com . Pre-ordering reserves your spot in line for the order in which we ship after our Kickstarter backers receive their watches. It will also help us know how many additional watches of various colors and sizes to produce. We are not charging people for pre-orders at this time, but will be sending out e-mails once product is ready to ship to finalize the transactions. For people who have already backed us on Kickstarter: If the pledge level you backed us at included a CST-01 as a reward, you do not need to also pre-order unless you want to reserve additional watches and/or base stations. Also, the Kickstarter reward watches will be shipped before any of these pre-order units will, so you'll still be among the first people to have a CST-01. Thanks Everyone! -The Central Standard Timing Team We have less than 3 days left on the clock so we wrapped up some things we wanted to update you with before the campaign ends. Background Story We put together a history of the design of the CST-01 from early CAD sketches to the fully working design validation units shown in the Kickstarter video and at CES. This evolution is illustrated with a ton of process photos and renderings from throughout the design process. It's way more than we could fit in an update. Check it out: <url>"Nando Rossi Edition" (CST-01NR) and the "Rose Gold Edition" (CST-01RG) . The Nando Rossi Edition has a black mask on a black PVD coated stainless steel band, and the CST-01RG has a black mask on a PVD coated rose gold colored stainless steel band (not gold plated). About the PVD coating: PVD stands for "physical vapor deposition". The watch bands are put in a vacuum and an electric charge is applied to band, this charge attracts a coating compound comprised of various elements to settle and coat the metal band. The coating won't wear off, in fact it can actually protect the metal from wear. PVD coatings are used throughout the wristwatch industry and are also used as a protective layer on machine tools, as well as high-end automotive engine components. The coating still allows the reflective metal color and texture to be seen, so the final look retains the quality look of the metal with the desired color. How do I change my reward to get one of these new colors? As a sign of our gratitude for the amazing support you all have shown us, we are offering these colors at no additional price. To change your reward, go back to the home page of the project: <url>"Manage Your Pledge" on the right. You can then choose one of the new tiers. A survey will also go out after the campaign ends that will ask you to confirm the color you selected, although we do ask that you manage your pledge if possible so we can most accurately gauge the amount of coated bands we will need to produce. What's Nando Rossi have to do with this? After looking into PVD processes, Jerry was rendering a black-on-black version of the CST-01. That night one of our Facebook followers named Nando Rossi suggested that we do the same black-on-black version. Jerry had it rendering already so that night he posted it on Facebook and called it the "Nando Rossi Edition." Now, before our Facebook feed gets clogged with more color requests, ask yourself this: "Is my name as cool as Nando Rossi's?" Why did you wait so long to add these colors after posting them to Facebook? Kickstarter does not allow renderings anymore, and this is actually a fantastic policy. We wanted to have the actual bands coated, inspect them, and see how they look before offering them to our backers. Enjoy! -The Central Standard Team Hello, We just got a message from Kickstarter about this reward tier. It is apparently in violation of their guideline that prohibits rewards of multiples. Although we thought this reward tier qualified as a "sensible set", which is allowed, Kickstarter's definition is that "...offering the same item in two different colors does not [qualify], regardless of how many chargers you're offering along with them." SO... what we need to ask is that any of you who chose this level please choose a different reward level as soon as you can. Kickstarter has removed us from their search and browse functionality until this is complete (which will impact our backing rate significantly). We need every single backer at this reward tier to change his/her reward before we can comply to their request and become "findable" again. To do this, please go to our page at: <url>"manage reward". Inside of that menu, you can change your reward level to one of the single-unit (black or white) rewards instead. We apologize for the confusion and the hassle that this has caused, and will appreciate your help in resolving this. Best, The Central Standard Timing Team Hello everyone, We are getting ready to do our next batch of prototypes. These will take into account a few revisions from what you have seen. 1: The main difference is sizing. The current model was a medium, we are forming a small and a large as well. The small has been optimized for a minimum circumference wrist based on the length of the embedded components as well as width, height and circumference of a 5th Percentile female's wrist. We're also adjusting the geometry to be flatter across the wrist top. The bend Radii of the small needs to be test assembled in order to see whether the components operate at this tight curvature. The medium has also been adjusted to be flatter through the wrist top, slight circumference adjustment and we're widened the gap in the band to allow for easier wearing and removal. The large is designed to accommodate a 95th Percentile male (we expect that this may need more refinement as we go forward) This has been adjusted to be flatter through the wrist top and we've increased the gap in this size to allow easier wearing and removal. 2: Color Matching: We are revising our paint selection to dial in the color matching even further on the top mask. 3: Band Thickness: We are going to make a thicker metal band (from 0.7mm to 0.89mm) with a deeper pocket (at 0.70mm) so the entire assembly sits inside the pocket with nothing sticking out. For those of you interested in sizing, attached is our chart for our three sizes. This is preliminary and should not be assumed to be final. It is simply our first attempt at getting the sizing right. There are circumference ranges associated with each size. The units will ship as the smallest size in this range and can be opened up to anywhere in the range by pulling on the ends of the band and testing it until comfortable. Here are some screengrabs of the sizes and attached is an image that you can print and cut out the sizes to try on yourself. There should be a gap between the edges of the watch on your wrist, so when you try on the paper watches, the correct one for you will be the one where one edge of the watch lies inside of the "size range" box on the other side. Make sure the image doesn't scale when you print. I can't attach a PDF but here's a link to the PDF if the image is printing incorrectly: <url>"this is such a weird request, he'll be into it". He replied "Absolutely not" and then just walked away. SO then I went over to the big cineplex because it was 6 dollar movie night anyway and got a ticket to the next showing: Zero Dark Thirty. I walked into Django Unchained and the results are this: It totally depends on the amount of light in the scene. Night scenes, forget about it, I couldn't read it at all. During outdoor day scenes it was readable (shown), but definitely less than anywhere else I tested. Don't Count on It. There you go. We think that it satisfies most conditions satisfactorily but you can't count on it in the movies or in places like a dark bedroom. Bars, restaurants, nightclubs, sidewalks, etc. are no problem. Now, obviously, the fact that my camera (Sony RX-100) was able to capture the image doesn't mean the the eye can. I'd even say the photos appear slightly bright, but I didn't doctor them aside from putting them side-by-side and I am being honest on readability. Hope this helps clear some questions up! -Dave We doubled our goal! Thank you to everyone. We just doubled our goal within a week and can't express enough thanks for your ongoing support. We have some more answers to some of the questions you have. Multiples We checked with Kickstarter and they confirmed that we cannot advertise to encourage backers to multiply their pledge to receive multiples. "offering multiple quantities of a reward that doesn't exist yet sets the wrong expectation for what backing a project is all about." Post-Funding Plan As an alternative, Kickstarter encouraged us to outline our post-funding plan. We will be taking pre-orders for the same $129 price on our website: centralstandardtiming.com We will give you adequate time to pre-order after the campaign ends, then send a survey out to all the backers. We will group the orders to get you the watches earlier as the kickstarter backers will get their watches first (and to save on shipping). Fonts We are not allowed to modify our reward text now, but the fonts will go out to all backers at the $5 or above goals. Thanks for the interest! We would like to thank all of the backers so far. Your support has been incredible! Now that we are funded, we are fortunate enough to have more of a head-start getting the CST-01 ready for production. We are now back from CES in Las Vegas and want to take some time to answer a number of of questions from the comments: Multiples: Kickstarter's new guidelines prohibit selling multiples of a product as "The development of new products can be especially complex for creators and offering multiple quantities feels premature, and can imply that products are shrink-wrapped and ready to ship." We have reached out to Kickstarter for how best to respond to your requests, but for the time being, it looks like we can only fulfill one reward per Kickstarter account. When we hear back from Kickstarter, we will post another update. However, we can provide "sensible sets" so we added a reward that only has one base station, but both colors of watches for the person who wants to be able to have the choice, or for those who can share a charger. Those of you who have already backed can "edit your pledge" to the new set. Travel Charger: We are listening to you and investigating what a travel charger would entail. We may be able to come up with something that is sufficiently smaller than the base station to make it worthwhile. Stay tuned for further updates on its development. Hi everyone, the last we heard from Flextronics is that we will need to wait for about another week before we can get their response about the parts we will be picking up from their facility. As soon as we hear back, we'll let you know. @Bryan VanAlmkerk Many of these orders were made NCNR (non-cancelable and non-returnable). That said, we still should not have been shipped broken parts. We are talking with the vendors about returning the broken units. In one case the vendor told us they would take back the DOA parts and credit us. This was for the battery. This is part of a cautionary tale we will go into further detail about around the dangers of single-source suppliers and small companies in particular. With the battery, we had already had one supplier, Thinergy, go belly up and leave us high and dry. We identified one other supplier who could scale quickly and had similar properties. They told us that we would need to sign a waiver that the parts were NCNR. So, what are our options? We found 0 other paths that would not result in significant delays, we asked Flextronics to look into their network for an alternative, they couldn't identify anyone, so we were forced to sign it and hope for the best. @Peter We went through our photos over the past couple of years and posted them again in order to respond to requests for pictures of parts in Update #32. Apart from this, I’m not really sure how to better fulfill your request. Even if we had access to the storage facility within Flextronics (we don’t), the parts are in boxes (more often than not, in trays, in boxes, and then in larger boxes). So do you want us to take pictures of a bunch of boxes? You already think that we don’t have the parts, so I’m not sure how anything short of opening all of our boxes and dumping thousands of parts on the floor will fulfill your request. When we receive parts from Flextronics, we will post photos of this, and will open a representative box for each SKU to show the parts. However this will not happen until we pick everything up. In case you didn’t look through update 32, here’s a list of the parts in the pictures: Trays of tested and untested e-ink displays Trays of completed Base Stations Assembly of hundreds of base station flex circuits Open trays of batteries A picture of opening a box inside of shipping & receiving, to inspect quality. These boxes contain all of our plastic parts. Panels of base station circuit boards A bag of thousands of springs A tray of complete watches Hi everyone, There's been a lot wondering whether Dave and Jerry have started another Kickstarter, The short answer is no, The following is from the Epik page showing that Jerry is not involved in that project, merely helping with some keyshot rendering issues. Here's that update from Scott over at the EPIK project. copy and pasted from the EPIK page: ------ Hello, There’s clearly been some anxiety caused by comments here around an unrelated Kickstarter company/project from 2 years ago, and one of that project’s founder’s relationship with MINIMAL. The following comments address the issue. 1. We (Scott Wilson, MINIMAL and LUNATIK) have nothing to do with the CST (Central Standard Timing) project. They are independent and unrelated entities. 2. We have a well documented and credible track record on Kickstarter with 3 prior projects, which shipped product as promised. 3. I, Scott Wilson, personally backed the CST project two years ago. 4. Jerry O’Leary started working at MINIMAL in early 2015. His role at MINIMAL is based on his exceptional talent as a product designer and nothing to do with CST, the project or business. 5. While Jerry is now an employee and team-member at MINIMAL, the Epik project is being led by me, Scott Wilson. Jerry is not involved and has only helped me troubleshoot some Keyshot animation/rendering bugs. Jerry continues to work on CST in addition to MINIMAL, just as he did while at IDEO, his former employer. This is the case with many Kickstarter founders. 6. The negative comments on our message board in the past 24 hours relating to CST are due to a backer(s) of that project telling other backers to join this project for $1 so that they can come and spam our message board with CST comments. There is obvious frustration from CST backers, but the Epik message board is not an appropriate place to vent them. 7. I am not going to let a minority of outsiders that have nothing to do with the Epik project distract my team and I from delivering these products. If my explanations are not enough to put your mind at ease then it’s your choice whether or not you want to support our work and this project. Again, my/our track record(s) and reputation speak for themselves. Our original LUNATIK nano watch kits fulfilled over 350,000 units worldwide. We are using the same suppliers for Epik. Make your own informed decision. It’s unfortunate that there are a few folks out there who are intent on stirring things up based on misplaced belief’s and information. Just a reminder, Kickstarter is for new ideas. People pushing the boundaries of their respective creative fields or people with dream that no one else may believe in but possibly the greater collective crowd may. I am proud to have inspired a new generation of designers, entrepreneurs, dreamers and risk takers, however, I can only take responsibility for the projects that I have created. Best, Scott Hello backers, just so you're hearing any new info from the source, we wanted to post a quick comment. The status is that the factory making the bands in China should be able to start pumping them out starting in a few days from now (with the assumption that there are no more tolerance issues) Our metals guy at Flextronics has a recent sample of the band that he assures us checks out. Concurrently we are running as many tests as we can to make sure the encapsulated assemblies that are adhered to the bands are as robust as possible by molding circuit boards, measuring them, putting them on bands, and flexing them. We apologize for going a bit silent. We have been spending a lot of time in the shop performing these molding tests, making slight tweaks, and making very specific drawings of how the bands should be made and measured with 0 room for interpretation. The intention being this will be our last round of band samples so we can give the green light. We appreciate your patience, and look forward to getting these on your wrists as soon as we can. Hello everyone, we just received good news from our guy at Flextronics in charge of the bands. He is currently in China at the Nitinol machining / forming facility and has this to report: A large material order has been placed; the material supplier has now agreed to custom roll stock for us to make sure we are below 0.98mm. A “go” gauge has been wire cut to 100% inspect the blanks thickness We have been promised a schedule very shortly and will update as soon as we receive it. Thanks for your patience. @fred_dot_u, the results of the survey have no bearing on the quality of the final product. The final quality will be the same regardless. @Valentin. We should have had final samples we could approve a month ago. The first round looked great, but they were slightly out of thickness tolerance. The second round of samples was due to us a couple of weeks ago, but we still haven't seen it. We cannot put a timeframe on something that is already late, but we can approve the first set of samples and say "go". Thanks Uwe, we've heard this from a few of you folks. It has been noted and we'll make sure the invoice is on the outside. Thanks, Dave Kippy, we can't edit the update, but here's a link: <url>"waterproofing" as in we want it to be as waterproof as possible, while the standard that applies is "water resistance". "Water-resistancing" just doesn't have a good ring to it ;) I hope this helps clear things up. -Dave Dang, you guys are fast! Jerry just told me I should message you guys in the comments since he started replying to some people on facebook. Again we hope you understand that we are trying to coordinate the messaging as best we can. We're crafting an update currently with a schedule that is very detailed and one that we can hold our manufacturer to. We understand that you expected us to ship earlier, and we are doing everything in our power to get the watch shipped out as quickly as possible. Thanks for hanging in there, and again, apologies for the delay. -Dave Hey folks, we just landed back in California and will be working around the clock over the next week to get you a detailed plan based on where production currently is forecasted at, and push production as hard as we can. We appreciate your patience. As always we want to publish updates that answer more questions than they raise, and our next one will have some more schedule-related detail (including those gantt charts you know and love). We understand you guys are anxious to have the watch finished and in your hands, but trust us, we know that feel. We doubt there is anyone who wants these done and on your wrists more than us. Stay tuned, and thanks again everyone. -Dave Hello everyone. We are just getting back from the CES show and are making our way through our inboxes. Kickstarter has told us that there is no way for you to go in and update your survey results, so we have a system where we can add notes to your account number and then go in and update the results when we download them. So please send us a message (via the "Contact Me") link to the right, if you need to change something. If we don't reply right away it's not because we don't care, but because this process takes a bit more time than we would have hoped and there are a lot of them to go through. Below are some answers to some FAQs you guys had over the last few days: Will The PVD Coating scratch easily? No What's the size of those that you show in your pre-order website (and the Kickstarter Home page)? Medium I filled out the survey incorrectly / Kickstarter messed up my answers to the survey Please send us a private message with the correction and we will put a note in you account to change it. Can you send new pictures? The watches are being made to look as close to the prototype images on our site. We are not planning on taking new professional photos at this time. The brushed titanium looks almost identical to the brushed stainless steel, and the PVD vendor is matching the color of the PVD coating to the samples in the photos, so your preference should be no different. If I am right on the border, why choose the smaller size? We don't want the each to be so loose it falls off your wrist, and you risk breaking things if you attempt to form the watch to fit smaller on your own. When will the watch ship? The survey was sent so we know how may bands of each color and size to order. As mentioned in the survey, we aim to ship in Q1 of this year. Best, Dave Hello, for those who are asking about shipping, we expect this to be in Q1 of this coming year, as mentioned in the survey sent out. Have a happy new year everyone. We can't edit the surveys sent. Because you have to answer all of the questions, if you only pledged for 1 watch, please do as J Rey mentions, just click the "Whoops" option. thanks guys. Most of the surveys have been sent but We'll fix this for the ones about to be sent. Re: Comments about Facebook vs. Kickstarter: The reason that the two aren't completely in sync is that Jerry and I have to split up the workload between us. Jerry is more active on Facebook than I am, so we divided things this way: I handle the Kickstarter messages and posting updates. Jerry manages info@ emails and Facebook. If someone asks a question on Facebook, it sends a push notification to his phone and he can answer it pretty quickly. The Kickstarter system is not as easy on mobile, so I usually take some time to sit down and answer questions in chunks of time. Sometimes Jerry gets jazzed about what we are working on and posts a bit about it on Facebook. I'll try to be on the watch for those and post those in the comments here. We want to be the ones communicating with you, so we ask that you understand that these two systems aren't always totally in sync. I can say that we always post updates here first. Anything on Facebook is either extremely minor, or a reiteration of something already covered in an update or the FAQ. We are also trying to be considerate of not over-communicating a bunch of small things in a flurry of updates here since they are e-mailed to all of our backers. When we do send updates, they are thorough and well documented. This process takes time, but they end up being better for it, and for the most part people are happier when we take the time to author a well written, full update. That said, we realize this process can still be improved. We will do our best to make sure we cross-post anything that might be new information. We appreciate all of the support you folks have given us and want to make sure you're feelin' the love. -Dave We are delighted to have your support and your overwhelming positivity continues to energize us to keep making this the best product we can. Thanks everyone! As far as Facebook vs. Kickstarter messaging is concerned. We don't post any updates to our progress on Facebook that we don't also post here. We do answer questions on Facebook, but it's safe to say that the majority of questions that are asked have answers that can be found in our updates, or on the KS page. Thanks everyone! You will not need to worry about leaving the watch on the base station, or the battery getting too low. The battery management circuitry handles all of that. We are working on ways to show a "battery low indicator". Welshman: You don't need an account to visit our facebook page here: <url>#1 objective is delivering a high quality product. Charger Size: The charger will now be pocket-able. This is a huge deal for frequent travelers who would like to set the time on their watches on arrival at their destination. Abrasion: The bottom of the DVU has 4 holes for the data and charging ports. The edges of these holes are about 0.2 mm thick. If you are really active and the band is rubbing on your skin for an extended period of time these holes could potentially cause irritation where a smooth band wouldn't. Thickness: Charging ports behind the screen require an extra layer of adhesive and an extra layer of circuit board. Thickness we make-up here can allow us to protect the display better and/or make the watch thinner. Thinness is our #2 objective (after quality). Adhesives: Getting everything to stay stuck down on the band is not trivial. We have found that 8 holes in the back of the band could jeopardize our ability to best keep everything together. Sizes: The previous charging architecture requires a curvature that is the same through the center of the watch on all three sizes. Ergonomically, this is not ideal, our new architecture allows us to size the watches without this constraint. We hope this clarifies some of the questions around this change. We can't wait to get these watches onto your wrists and appreciate every bit of support you've given us. @Andrew Kirkovski and everyone There are more images showing the cleaner watch details here: <url>"Updates" tab directly above the green bar at the top of this page, you can see all the updates from beginning to end. Hey guys, things have been busy. We got some new matte masks in which look a lot better than the old glossy ones. Other than that we are working on some battery management circuitry to make sure the battery stays in good shape and you can't drain it by shorting the contacts. We met with some packaging companies to make sure the packaging is nice when it hits shelves. When you are trying to make something so thin and power efficient every micro-meter and every nano-amp count so the devil's in the details here which aren't too exciting. We're making good progress though! To everyone who has been asking to change their color preference: There is no need to send us a personal request, we understand your preference might change. Kickstarter only allows us to send you one survey. For this reason we are waiting until we absolutely need your color and size preferences. When we send you the survey, you select your size, color, and final mailing address. @ Bob / Re: sizing chart: The Sizing chart can be found under the "Updates" tab above, or for your convenience, here: <url>"a la carte" selection as we have received numerous requests to allow people who have already backed on Kickstarter to pre-order a second watch of a different color without needing to purchase an additional redundant base station. If you were to pre-order a watch and a base station the total is equal or more expensive than the Kickstarter, and will likely be more expensive once taxes and shipping are factored in. The other benefit of being a backer is that Kickstarter backers will be receiving the product first. @Brian Tang We are still waiting for our prototypes to get back for the different size options, and people seem to want to be able to change their color preference often. We will not sent the color & size selection survey until we absolutely need these details for final manufacturing in order to give people time to decide and to make sure we have final sizing info. The timing of the issuance of this survey will likely be in the scale of months not days. Even though the Kickstarter site says that there is 1 $99 early bird reward left, this is not the case and the campaign is actually over. We have asked Kickstarter to remove this text as it is misleading, but they have told us that they are unable to do that. If you are interested in pre-ordering at the $129 price, you can do so at centralstandardtiming.com. Sorry for the confusion. @Tommy, we will send out a survey and reward selection will be done by the amount you ended up pledging. If it only ended up being $128 we'll round up to $129 and send you a watch and a base station. If you are looking for additional units you can go to centralstandardtiming.com and preorder. @Cinder Elli, David Fowlkes We don't have the tools to manage your pledges or financial transactions. So if there are errors on that side you would need to follow up with Kickstarter or Amazon. What we will do however is that if you pledged $229 or $244 (irregardless of reward selection) we can send you two watches and one base station as your reward due to this mistake. We will send a survey to confirm sizes and colors when we need that information. Hello everyone, we just posted an update about our website: centralstandardtiming.com. We are now taking preorders there for those of you who have messaged us about where you can pre-order now that the Kickstarter campaign is over. Hi everyone! Thank you all SO much for the support and encouragement to this point! We are humbled by your response and inspired to make you all the best product possible. Because of your support we can now begin the hard work of several rounds of design for manufacture and ultimately get the ball rolling with our production partners. We have received a lot fo attention today and our mailboxes are spilling over. :) We promise to get back to each and every one of of within the next few days. The hard work begins now. :)...and we could not be more excited to move to this next phase of work. Cheers! The CST Team. @Ivan: we can build data capabilities into the USB connection of the charger. We are developing a protocol to send the types of commands you mention to the watch. Some (like reversing the display color) we plan on building as an Easter egg in the charger, some may only be done via software over USB. We won't be adding additional buttons, but want you to be able to tinker with stuff if you want. - @mick0s: you got it. That's what the 7 looks like. @Alex Mitchell. No problem, just click "Updates" above an see update #6. The update walks you through how to change your pledge. @Keith You selected the "Early Bird Special" reward level. In the description of that level it says "...your choice of color". All available colors fall into the classification of "your choice of color" and when we send the survey to you, just select "Nando Rossi" as your reward. @Welfringer Tom, we just updated the FAQ with info on scratch resistance and the front mask. The stainless steel band is extremely durable. As mentioned in the "New Color Options" update, the PVD coating is extremely wear resistant as well. @ Bob Johnson: There are a couple of waterproofing routes being investigated. We met with a few nano-coating companies at CES that we will be exploring as an option. Thanks for the input. @ Haruki Maruyama, we will send out a survey before shipping to confirm sizes and colors. We do not need that information right now and need to finalize the sizing before sending the survey. @Angus Leung and anyone else interested: We added an image to the FAQ of what the segments look like. We hope this can help explain why the font is the way it is and why we cannot add some of these requested additional features: <url>"lo" when the battery needs recharging. @Resonic, we see no hurdles in conforming to the European standards and certifying the product. Thanks Everyone! Because of your help and because we have done what we could to resolve this issue, Kickstarter removed our penalty so you can now find us through their search and browse. However, we will still need anyone left at the $229 reward level to please change your pledge to another tier. Thanks again. We will be sending out a survey after the campaign ends to clear up the details of your rewards. If anyone has a specific question about their reward please message us privately so we can help you figure it out. Hey everyone, we understand that some of you want more than one watch. However, we are not going to try to get around Kickstarter's rules here. No user account can back a reward that promises more than one watch. The idea of having a reward level that is a watch without a charging station could potentially confuse people and we could end up with unhappy customers who receive a watch that cannot be set or used. We want everyone to be happy and can't afford any more hiccups with Kickstarter as this current issue is shaping up to be one that may not be solved for a while and is already impacting our funding significantly. Please hang in there with us as we get this resolved and we plan on being able support your needs in the future. If you have any questions about your specific pledge feel free to message us directly and we will do our best to keep up with the questions. Hello Everyone. We just posted another update that details our next prototype round. Among other things this update details our initial plan for sizing. Hop over to the updates to get the details and print out a sizing chart to see which size you might fall under. (Sizing is still preliminary and could still change after this test) @Jerry McKinley, when we came up with the 200K number, this was not the number we were hoping to end the campaign receiving, it was the absolute minimum amount of money we could get and still hope to go into manufacturing with no wiggle room. We are still hoping to get into higher numbers for manufacturing as manufacturing 5000 units is still a small run. All in all we are not overwhelmed by the support, but are appreciative of it. The manufacturing partners we are talking to are well accustomed to producing quantities much higher than where we are currently at. Thanks Everyone! @ John Shin, the time is user-configurable to be 12 or 24 hr format from the base station. @ M Mason we are working on our next round of prototype bands. These will have a deeper pocket so the mask can be recessed. @Ian Frankham The Micro-Energy Cell has no memory effects at all! Feel free to charge it nightly or every time it goes low. @Ian, @Courtney, The display will reverse colors and display the word "lo" @RankWinner Sizes are at the top of our list right now. Primarily testing how small can we go. Making larger watches is no problem. @ Mark S I opened our case of Design Validation Units and measured where they ended up after CES. They range from 17.5 cm to 19.5 cm circumference @Hung Tran Khanh These are different things. The $229 reward should fall under the "sensible set" definition Kickstarter has in place. Don't worry you should be all good. Thanks for the support! @ Eric Sisneros this could be easily accomplished via an easter egg in software. We like matching the band to the display, but if there are enough of you that want a reversed out one we'll throw that in the code. -Dave @Paul You are correct, there is a small percentage of nickel in the alloy (8% in our current bands). Fortunately, the property of stainless steel to form its chromium oxide passivation layer (the layer that keeps it from oxidizing) also protects skin from nickel release. Because of this layer, the 8% Nickel will behave as <0.1% nickel as far as your skin is concerned. We want to make sure that our watch is safe to wear and will be running tests to make sure it will on par with or above the level of safety as other trusted watches currently in daily usage. Thanks for your support. @Bert, the watch only displays the time. @Robert Kwiecien, the charger is powered from a standard microUSB cable that can plug into any standard USB port. Depending on need and cost we will decide whether a universal power supply is included. @Matthew Tones our next test with our metal vendor is to get a 0.8 mm band so this overhang disappears. We want all the details to be dialed in as much as possible @Jelle Prins we will have different size bands to accommodate most wrist sizes. @paul, the only nickel in the band is on the magnets which we should be able to substitute for gold plated. @Patrick Chrisnach, we will be seeking CE certification and feel confident we can achieve it. @Josh McCormick the white and black units will function identically aside from one having black numbers on a white background and the other having white numbers on a black background. Neither wil likely fully flash every minute. @John Hughes After wearing this for a while I can say that reading at night has not been an issue. The numbers are so large and the contrast so high that you would need to be in pitch dark to have trouble with reading it. Reading it in dimly lit places is not an issue. I'm not sure if photos will be able to show this but I will attempt some shots and release in an update if possible. @Bruce Powell It's good to know that there is a precedent set here. We will be happy to do this provided we aren't overstepping our bounds. We have reached out to Kickstarter to see if this is their preferable way of dealing with these requests and will send out another update when we hear back. Re: Laying out the numbers sideways: Early on in the development process we experimented with all sorts of different layouts and one of those was a vertical orientation. We chose our design for a variety of reasons, one being that it is a more simple and classic layout for displaying the time. After wearing the watch for a few days, we found that we start to check the time differently and it is in many ways preferable. The numbers are so large and high contrast, we don't need to lift the watch close to our faces to read it, we can simply glance down at our wrists and read the time. @Ian Frankham We are absolutely working on getting the color match as close as possible. We are currently on the second iteration of matching, but expect we can dial it in even closer. @Bruce Powell and others The flashing currently happens every minute, but this is software configurable. We are working on tests to see whether the watch will still look just as good by only doing a full refresh every hour or every 15 minutes. You are correct that this will extend battery life. Hello everyone! We are back from CES and want to take some time to answer your questions. We just posted an update so people won't need to scour the comments for this info. Head over to the update for more detailed information. The major question is about multiples. Under their new guidelines, Kickstarter limits rewards to single items or "sensible sets". We added a reward where you get one of each color, but only one base station for those of you who need to be able to have the option to rock either color. Thank you to everyone who has backed! Your support is incredible. We assembled a FAQ on our page that should answer most of your questions. Thanks again! @Trevor J Brown : No, we all got scammed. Has anyone had any monies returned (or even had any kind of response from Kickstarter or any other interested party) after doing this ‘I invoke my rights cos I think I got scammed’ thing? great point — they need to add new categories, "Funded but Failed" I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Why do people think the 'I invoke my rights bla bla' stuff works in any way? Magic money fairy? @Cornelius - We were scammed. The moment they got lawyers involved shows they took what they and ran. Fuck at least refund the shipping fee 🤬🤬🤬 This user's account has been deleted. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm sad to come back here and read all the "I got scammed" comments. You didn't get scammed. You invested in a project that required more time and money than it had, so it failed. This is the way businesses fail all the time. It's not a scam, it's a good faith, but insufficient effort. The only questionable thing was in the end when they tried to build hype by before they'd ironed out the manufacturing. Their methods were shady, but I believe they honestly thought they were close enough to the finish to start the marketing push. The updates told a pretty clear story. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 😤🤬 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. My daughter who the watch was for is now all grown up. She wanted to back another kickstarter project. I just showed her how this looks like a fraud. Does she still want to be a backer? Guess! 🤣 Just a reminder that you guys stole $1M and hid behind lawyers. I bet your families are proud. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. How is this deemed as a “successful” Kickstarter project? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. What the heck should a politician do? You invested in a startup, that startup failed, case closed. It's still a reminder. KS may see these comments, politicians may see these comments, etc. It's a pipe dream, I'm sure, but if someone sees it and takes action on future projects that fail, then maybe this won't happen again. I find it slightly amusing that people are still posting the "I invoke my rights" comments, whether in earnest or in mockery. The company behind this project was liquidated back in 2016 and in a statement from 2017 (which is the last update on this project page, by the way) the lawyers announced that there is nothing left. Any attempts to get refund are falling on deaf ears. Yep. Nice to hear some common sense from a commenter. I was a backer, and what's lost is lost. A shame, as the watch was very unique, but no sense posting a demand for a refund that most probably isn't going to come through. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I still think the concept is cool. I hope the scammers at least feel guilty. yeha i feel the same i spent over $350 and lost it all .. not even a proper sorry or refund Still leaving comments here since I want the creators to feel some guilt for stealing from us. You were right! ROFL. I love all the people who are still posting here expecting money back. The money is gone. Let it go. I am backer and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am backer #986 and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Anyone still crying about CST not delivering should watch this viedo from The Verge. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. And how? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Go out and make back the amount of money you pledged. You're not getting back your $100+, but you can make more money to make up for it. LET IT GO!! You think I don't also want my $ back? I do, but it's unrealistic. Face reality, no watch is coming and no money either. Move on! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey! Hope you had a good New Year. Was it spent using our money? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount People, stop invoking! Noone reads this, noone cares. The guys who took our mm obey have probably already run several other so called projects and Kickstarter just doesn't care. And if you quote trends and conditions you better use those which were in place when the project ran... invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Just a reminder you stole all our money. Just a reminder, I still want my refund. All these rights invokers repeating their useless mantra lol and.... it works ?? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward, please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. To all my "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use" peeps, why haven't you managed to get the FTC involved yet? <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Lol. There's no company to issue your refunds, people. The letter explicitly states you're not going to be paid because there's no money. Who do you think you're talking to?! How will a non-existent company conjure money??? Let. It. Go. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount This user's account has been deleted. I have not received my reward, nor any further information regarding reward. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The usual mob of rights invokers ;-) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward, nor any further information regarding reward. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. They say they had spend all our money on parts which are worthless now. Thousands of bands and displays and batteries. Still they cant show a single picture of all those parts or provide a proper bill. How so? Where those parts never bought? Did the money ended up in their pockets? That would be a comon scam. Pretend to the investors that everything was lost but it really wasn't. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount david 4 days ago I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Some of the proceeds that is Heard they bought a bunch of Bitcoin with the proceeds years ago and have multiplied the fortune from the fraud... it’s Bottles and Models for them! Who says crime doesn’t pay? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't been here in a long time, so I just thought I'd swing by and remind the creators of this project (not that they check these comments I'm sure) that they are a tag-team of pus-filled herpes sores. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Just want to remind you guys of the money you stole from us. Congrats! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount There is no watch, there is no money the people who started this project were frauds and have no conscience. Time to move on and be more careful with the next project you fund. If you look at my posts over the years, I said many years ago they were not going to produce anything and just waste all of our money. SAD. May be fraudbacker ... ähhh ... no wait ... kickstopper stack-overflow? ;-) I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Wow, I haven't looked at the comments section for this project in over a year, some of you really need to get a life and move on, it's a failed kickstarter project, it's not the end of the world, get over it! Invoking your "rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use" isn't going to get you anything, the money's gone and the project creators have moved on with their lives, I suggest you do the same, it's been five years since this project was launched, you're not getting your watch and you're not getting your money back. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me immediately to arrange for my refund. I haven't received my backed product yet and therefore I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount - as my credit card details were compromised earlier this year, please contact me immediately to arrange for my refund Hope you guys are enjoying the holidays living off of our money. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! Well they’re ex-IDEO and the design community is small. They’ll have this following them and it’ll come back to bite their butts plenty in the future. That they couldn’t deliver is fine, but yeah they could have unwound it in a way that the backers got something... eg an open source design. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Bert - You are right, it is, but I hope one day the creators look back and feel guilt with each and every comment on here. Not even an apology or a decent explanation, I hope one day that get their due. The "I invoke" trend I see on KS is totally ridiculous... Do you know what time is it? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. To the guys at Kickstarter : do your fucking part of the job too. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Interesting comments from former investors but if you read any of my earlier posts you would know this project was dead years ago,. The people who solicited kickstarter funding were dishonest and disappeared it is too bad they can not be held responsible for their incompetence. TO ALL THOSE REQUESTING A REFUND: Don't waste your time - cut your losses and move on - we were all screwed by these muppets. Kickstarter is not going to do anything, and these idiots at CST claim they've burned through all the money, so cannot refund anything. Take it as a lesson to be more cautious in the future - lesson learnt! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I want the product, but since that's not happening, I want a refund. Too many crooks, not enough honest ones but plenty of fools myself included. Refund now! Shame on David and Jerry. Shame you did not listen to your original backers, us kickstarter backers. Shame on hiding behind a firm to sell of any remaining assets for their own profit. Shame on you for keeping us in the dark so often. Shame on not even making the designs etc open source. Shame on even trying to sell these and the patent to us. Shame, shame! I do like the idea of this being a forum of sorts in the future. Any idea how long Kickstarter keeps these 'dead' pages going? 1st they steal our money and then they sell the equipment where the funds go into a trust where fees are paid to who knows who or a kickback now they want us or someone to buy their patent fool me once but twice shame on me never again. fuk kickstarter fuk these scammer Let me get this straight. You spent our money and now you want us to buy the leftovers. The gall. You should be ashamed. There's nothing that gets the band back together quite like fiduciary duties. Ahahahahahaha Such a sad thing that this project didn't make it to reality and I think the creators are to be blamed to a degree. Irrelevant to what happens before, I think there is still a chance to make this happen but not by hoping for the creators to make it but by teaming up and making it as a group. The information disclosed so far by the creators is almost all one would need to make the watch. Things required: Steel Band: All it needs is a 3d drawing and a metal cuff bracelet manufacturer in China.( I have done this before so I know how easy this is) Battery: We know exactly what battery they used as they listed it in one of their updates. I googled it and it is widely available for the public. Microcontroller: They listed this as well in one of their updates. Again google brought it up and is also available to the public. Screen: The screen is a simple paper thin flexible e-ink display for which there are countless manufacturers in China and are easily available online. Programming the PCB: This is the only thing I wouldn't know how to do myself. but surely there are people among the backers who could. I know I make it sound easier than it is, but it could be done with some work. It is not a one man job but a team of people could pull it off... Creating the band is a very easy process and finding a cuff bracelet manufacturer in China is very easy. Dave Vondle, Jerry O’Leary, I just hope that anyone looking for your names will find this campaign and our comments... This user's account has been deleted. lol, first time I've logged into Kickstarter in a couple of years....not expecting to find people STILL commenting on this dead scam. TIME to move on peeps. Live and learn. Hi. I know you can't read this because you're living in your one million dollar van and all... sorry about the lack of wifi. Anyways, I just wanted to wish you the worst of luck in every single business endeavor you ever sink your lying, dirty paws into. I hope the hundred dollar steak you bought with my investment tasted delicious. Your parents must be super proud. I love checking in on the tumbleweeds here every so often. It's clear nothing here will ever happen. What money they received is gone, their presence is nil, and now we see a steady trickle of grumbles (like this) from now until the end of....time. Refund would be nice Well done, guys! Top notch theft! Some great entrepreneurs here. Saw an opportunity and took it. Can't fault them for that. If KS allows fraud and theft to occur, it's really KS' fault. As a Baker from Hour 0 of this project, I just want to know everybody to know that I am both disappointed in them as well as in Kickstarter. That is also the reason why this was the first and last time I ever did crowdsourcing on this platform. However, I couldn't fill out the legal forms to file a lawsuite due to missing information about payment and so on, that said I am really no help. To all others who feel the same way: My money gone, but I take it as a reminder to be more careful about those things, as I never thought we could be tricked that hard. How I can refund my money back please? Yup, Joyeux Noël à tous ! Minus 2 of course. <url>？？ I submitted the form that you guys set out what feels like ages ago now, all I want are the components to make the watch, regardless of whether I'd be able to make it properly. I want to give making the watch a try. Please send me the parts, I know you guys must have some stock on hand, some people got their watches. it's incredible that these liars and thieves cannot be punished by laws of the United States. These liars and thieves can be easily human flesh searched and taken to the justice even in China. Where are the greatest laws of the USA? I had totally forgotten about this campaign of theft. Surprised to see the page is still active; I would have thought kickstarter would have hidden its shame like an ugly relative in the basement. Long live the CST thieves; pricks better have gotten something really pretty with my $ Soooo... where is my watch ? Unfortunately, yes, it looks like the the CST crooks have won because it took too long for the Illinois AG and FTC to take action :( It'll be up to us to warn others about any future projects these guys get involved in and also Kickstarter's lack of support. Anything new? Is that how those guys won? The End? @ Robert Russell: I agree with you completely. I'm done backing projects that have HIGH expectations or are for any sort of technology unless it is from a creator that has had plenty of previous successes like PLX Devices. @innocrave : Buccaneer 3d printer and CST-01 in the same article! <url>"Jerry" anymore. Now, if someone in China can prove that there was a coordinated fraud and no parts were ever bought, perhaps the Illinois AG or DOJ will get interested in criminal Fraud charges, since this could be a politically positive case. But that would require someone entering a Flextronics or contractor plant to photograph empty boxes or copy paperwork, not likely. If you're continuing to pursue restitution and justice, I wish you luck and thank you for your efforts. I'm outta here. At one time I said this project look like a scam, after that another backer replayed "I can believe you call this a scam" o something like that. My question to that backer is, Do you believe you were not scam? I'm sorry that so many of us were let down. Well, paypal is removing their "buyers protection" from payments toward crowdfunding projects: <url>’Leary 'trading as' Central Standard Design, which was not a limited liability entity - therefore they are still both personally responsible for the funds. Please ask Kickstarter to confirm the entity yourselves. They're being very obstructive in clarifying. This user's account has been deleted. Interesting read about another KS campaign where someone used money to build their house... <url>"Complaint has been submitted no-<email> Reply| Today 7:48 PM You Inbox Evernote Complaint Submitted - Your reference number is: Thank you for contacting the Federal Trade Commission. We have given your complaint the reference number listed above. Please use that reference number if you need to contact us about your complaint in the future. Once we have reviewed your complaint, you may receive another email with additional information that may further assist you." I don't understand why they need my social to "clear up this debt". Sounds like a load of bollocks to me. That said, I found the owner of CRA on Linkedin, in case any of you want to reach out to him... <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 The legal entity named on the liquidation paperwork doesn't match the entity named on the payment receipts and Kickstarter are refusing to even confirm what entity they distributed our collected funds too. Absolute joke on behalf of the Kickstarter team, to really rub salt into the wound. <url>"Fake it until you not make it"? I don't blame Kickstarter - they're basically just a service allowing projects to advertise and collects funds. And this project was entirely doable. The failure came, I think, when they refused to make the watch that was slightly thicker than originally promised - that they could have delivered that a year or two ago, and it would have been an awesome watch! Instead they pursued impossible perfection, burning through all of the money and running up a huge debt. That being said, as I recall they ran a survey and the community strongly preferred to wait for a thinner watch, so I suppose you could blame the backers for being unwilling to compromise. But whoever you want to blame for that decision, they compounded it by burning through the money that should have been reserved for manufacturing the watches. Once they did that, which has to have started a LONG time ago, they had to know that they couldn't deliver, and they should have pulled the plug. Continuing, and hoping that an investor would dig them out, was I believe unethical. Instead, they should have either made the slightly thicker watch that was actually manufacturable, or shut down and given back whatever was left. Instead, by unwisely continuing, they've not only delivered NOTHING to their investors (i.e. us), they ended up still being over $900K in personal debt, which they may never recover from. Saw this link in the news today. Have lost all faith in the Kickstarter platform. Being burned more than once. <url>Ктоньть объяснит мне смысл сего документа? I hope you get fucked in the bottom and have to use all the stolen money to repair the arsehole. We know that CST have proven themselves to be liars (remember that BS about living in a van on the parking lot of Flextrionics trying to get this watch finished, only to get outed by Flextronics when they said it never happened?) If they could prove that every cent of our money was used for legitimate purposed in making this watch a reality, and they just couldn't overcome the technical problems that exacerbated their inexperience/incompetence, then I would be OK with that and chalk this up to an honest loss. But these jokers never gave a true accounting of what they did with over a million dollars, and by choosing to put themselves through this assignment of debt (rather than bankruptcy, which would have subjected them to court procedures that forces them to give a detailed and accurate accounting of the money spent) continues their behavior of not giving full disclosure as to how our funds were (mis)used. This is what frustrates me most and is why we should still continue to hold their feet to the fire once the Trustee finished this assignment. This user's account has been deleted. I concur with Johh Ahn. It is in all of our (backer) interests to not complete and submit the form. It may in fact do us more harm as the wording seems more like entering into a binding arbitration which typically puts the consumer at a disadvantage. We need to continue following up with the Illinois Attorney General's office and the FTC to get the satisfaction we deserve. Did anyone else actually receive a watch? I did, but I've never seen anyone else comment that they have. I'd be curious as to how many they actually produced/shipped. Quite frankly, I was shocked when it showed up, as I thought (and still think) this was an elaborate fraud. It's a shame for all serious crowdfunding projects, but it shows me the real face of Kickstarter and fellow sites. Sad but I'm off for ever. More or less I've lost 3k on supported campaigns in the past few month/year and sadly to say 95% from US campaign owners. I want say to CST team. Shame on you!!!!!! >:((((( VONDLE and HIS GOONS NEEDS TO GO TO JAIL!! One word!!! B.S Everyone has to keep one thing in mind: This is NOT Bankruptcy! This is a common law alternative in Illinois for a company to liquidate assets in an effort to pay off creditors. Unlike bankruptcy, at the conclusion of this process, any remaining debt IS NOT DISCHARGED. They will continue to bear legal responsibility to repay their debt. This process cannot force anyone to accept anything less than full repayment as a condition of participating in this distribution to creditors. This assignment of debt DOES NOT exempt CST from personal liability for willful misconduct or NEGLIGENCE! So why would CST elect to use this process instead of regular bankruptcy? Well, they would have to give a full accounting of their financial records in a federal court under bankruptcy procedures. With this assignment of debt, they don't have to verify any info or do any kind of audit. All CST is saying to the Trustee is, "This is what we owe, now take possession of all our assets and sell it off for us". THERE IS NO INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION OR AUDITING! All CST is hoping to accomplish is to discourage backers/debtors from bringing any legal actions against them after this farcical liquidation is completed by making us think they have nothing left and this is the end of the road as to any legal/financial liability. CST is getting someone else to do the work of selling everything off and repaying debt at fractions of a penny on the dollar WITHOUT HAVING TO VERIFY OR DISCLOSE ANYTHING! So where does this leave us? Well people, you can participate in this farce and submit your claims to the Trustee. But as you can see, CST is "reporting" that all they have is $30K in assets against almost $900K in liabilities. KS backers are behind in priority to any secured creditors, administrative expenses, and tax liabilities CST may have. Since they're only "reporting" $30K in assets, common sense should tell you THERE WILL BE NOTHING LEFT FOR KS BACKERS. At least this comical attempt to repay debtors shouldn't take too long, then we're basically back to where we are now. We can individually bring small claims actions against CST when we think any of them have gotten some money again, but that is obviously not a practical or efficient solution, especially if you are outside of Illinois. This brings us back to continuing to alert the Illinois AG and/or the FTC as to possible misconduct on the part of CST in wasting/misappropriating almost 2 million dollars once this Trustee completes this assignment of debt. Granted, any governmental agency might be less inclined to investigate after this assignment of debt, but its still the best option because the government is in the best position to have resources and punitive mechanisms to go after CST. This user's account has been deleted. It looks as if the Trustee wants to position us Kickstarter Backers as the last people to get any money. Welcome to Legal Limbo. There are laws to address creditor rights and consumer purchaser rights -- but it seems we gave CST money from the goodness of our hearts. There's an easy way for all of us to deal with this: never give Kickstarter another penny until they change their terms with us and those we fund. Our rights should resemble those of Angel Investors, not foolish contributors. (Yes, I'll be waiting a very long time....) This user's account has been deleted. All Kickstarter do is to take 10% of whatever's raised. That is it. Kickstarters involvement is now finished. Kickstarters 10% is there only aim & intention. If the money raised gets used to pay for a Ferrari so what. That's the chance you take on sites like Kickstarter. There's only one guarantee on Kickstarter & that is Kickstarter gets their 10%. Everything else is you hoping that the campaign creator is legit as are the product they're claiming to make & your hoping that what they tell you is the truth etc. Everything is in the campaign creators hands, including 90% of your money. What they do with it is the gamble you take. Obviously this letter is an attempt to put this failed effort into the past at least legally for the creators of this project. A very disappointing conclusion. Plan C = you lost your money. The end. A great advert for giving Kickstarter a very wide berth. Remember all the rubbish these people came out with about staying in vans for example as they had no money etc. Complete & utter rubbish. Someone or some persons have had a great time spending or doing whatever with the $1.8 million. No way was $10,000 of parts ever going to make the amount of watches needed to fulfil the pledges made. These people were magicians. Now you see $1.8million, now you don't! Those are some suspiciously round numbers. Just received an email from kickstarter. Attached is a letter from Commercial Recovery Associates that includes a Claim form. However, it also shows CST only has $30K in assets vs. $1.8M in liabilities. I'm guessing I will not be seeing any results from the claim. Does anyone know what salary the 'founders' drew through the course of this development? @Topher I'm from Canada too. I also received nothing from these liars (they promised so much, never produced anything final, and lied about shipping). I must say I've been fairly active in this comments section early on, but eventually gave up. Unfortunately there is really nothing we could do. These cowards simply dropped the project and never even bothered to give us a closure (I mean, come on, just admit you've screwed up). I've filed a complaint at the FTC website posted in this comments section. I doubt there'll be any use but at least someone would read about the complaints. We just can't let these cowards get away like this. nvm i misread it its just some knob writing an article well apparently one person got a watch (published april 29 2016)... <url>"Hey, maybe we missed something here... NOW we're actually looking into it, rather than just filing your complaint away." Where is my watch?? Germany. Plan C?! Please send the parts! This CST venture has been one disappointment after another. @curiosity - Sure kickstarter is not a store, but there are certain requirements to do with transparency, communication etc. so that if a venture should fail people are informed as to why it occurred and to come to some agreement of parting ways. CST has unfortunately failed on most accounts and strung people along or 'gone dark' in regards to communication. Many of us voted for 'Plan C' to receive the parts so that we could attempt to assemble it ourselves. Months have passed and there has been no further communication as to whether this has happened, is happening, or isn't going to happen. I thought I'd check in, but am not surprised that there has been no change or update. What is equally unacceptable is that @kickstarter has not made any of it's attempts to sort out this situation known. The only interaction they seem to have had is by blocking people and removing post with sensitive details of the creators or inflamatory remarks. One expects more particularly as they have already got their cut from this project and appear to be the only winners in this entire debacle. I too got a postal letter from the Illinois AG saying they're looking into the situation. As a reminder, you can complain here : <url>"flexteonics?" folks promised a lot, but at the end took like they took their cut and ran with it. Anyways, may we all learn a lesson (including myself). Thanks @JS, it's done. Where is my watch?? They probably squandered all of the remaining funds and want to see if the coast is clear to scam more people. The internet does not forget. "Last login Feb 19 2016" Why do they still login, but lack the decency to even post an update or something? Bert, just enter it into city. Instead of "Paris" something like "Paris, France" <url>"county" field but that's not "countRy". Any help would be appreciated to help me fill this online form. Hi, Have kickstarted 45 projects, and 3 failed. Here it is not an online shop, we just fund and believe into entrepreneurs and their project. I always expect some good news unfolding soon, and get my watch, keeping this little feeling that I am gambling on "win", like in a casino! And indeed, the game seems endless :-( With the Apple watch, Samsung watch, Pebble Watch, Moto 360 watch and their Chinese knock offs all having color touch screens and all kinds of advanced functionalities this watch now seems comically out of date tech wise. Still I think it's look is as cool as it ever was. A pity. @Simon, Susanne, CST behauptet nur das sie das Geld fuer tausende Batterien, Baender und Displays ausgegeben haben. Einen Beweis dafuer haben sie nicht. Nicht einmal ein lausiges Foto von den tausenden Teilen. Da liegt natuerlich die Vermutung nahe das sie das Geld nicht fuer das Projekt ausgegeben haben sondern in die eigene Tasche steckten. Das ist ein alter Trick. Wenn dann einer der Gruender noch in einem Video anscheinend ueber die kriminelle Vergangenheit seiner Vorfahren prahlt und zusammenfasst "Fake it until you make it" kann dies den Verdacht nur noch erhaerten. Hinzu kommen dann noch viele kleine andere Dinge ueber die sie nachweislich gelogen haben. Vielleicht wird es schwer im Ausland sein Geld zurueck zu bekommen, was ich aber nicht glaube, aber zumindest wird ein Gerichtsfall Klarheit und fuer einige Genugtuung schaffen. @Susanne: die uhr wird nie kommen, sie haben offiziell aufgegeben. Was das geld angeht, das haben sie scheinbar für maschinen und material ausgegeben. Heißt, auch hier wirst du nichts sehen. Sie meinten zwar, sie wollen alles verkaufen oder den Backern geben, aber das ist ewigkeiten her. Aktuell gibt es anstrengungen von backern die jungs zu verklagen. Wie erfolgreich das ist, ist fraglich. Tl;dr no watch, no money! Lawsuit in process Hallo .... I`m form Germany .... I pay fore the Money fore the Watch in Februar 2013 an the last mail comes in Juni 2015 .... promise to send the Watch in April 2015 was not satisfied ..... Please let me know when the Watch comes .... ore tell me how I get my Money back ... Thank You I'm in France and haven't got any letter. Hopefully they will send me one. @ Reiner: same as by me. I also received a letter from IAG here in Germany. Looks like something is happening as when you do a search on their web domain ... centralstandardtiming.com (<url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 Look it's a tech company that ran in to component issues, is sending what it can, and refunding the rest <url>"tight" the thinnest wallet - which I am still using every day form more than 4 years now), Nano Leaf light bulb (which I received and which is a really cool thing), CST-1 (well...), Filippo Loretti Watch (supposed to be delivered in February). The concept of Kickstarter is amazing, the rules are stupid (after the change) but still it's a great way to support startups with their great ideas. Not everybody is an asshole. Maybe I never learn but I'll keep on going here :-) It is interesting to see that any real negatives comments have been removed from these posting yet the founders of the company choose not to say anything. They scammed us and disappeared, it is amazing to me to read how many naive investors there are still expecting tor receive something. It ain't happening guys and girls, only chance is if law enforcement gets involved and even than the results everyone is looking for is a long shot. As WC fields said a sucker is born every minute, we all got taken. Je veux ma montre ou bien être remboursé!! When is plan C happening? I want my parts. i have contact to the Illinois Attorney General’s Office, too. I think there is a quite good chance to bring this two guys in a lot of trouble. The point is not that a project fails. The point is that they made significant management failures and lied and don´t have the parts.... and so on. I think for that the state bring them the to court and maybe to jail. I hope that. "Use this space to cheer the creator along" Ha, I think they're already very cheery having taking $1,026,292 from backers with nothing to show for it and stopping all correspondence!! How's life living on my money? I got a letter from the IL Attorney General as well. Loooks like Y'ALLLLL gonn' git got! Ya damn jerks. So, no watch... Great. I too got a letter from the Illinois AG saying they're looking in to it. I'm talking to a lawyer myself to file in small claims and plan on having it filed in February. Hopefully the Illinois AG will have some action at that time. I think I'm going to update the VA AG whom I contacted to let them know Illinois is investigating and seeing what they can do now. "I also received a letter from the Illinois AG stating that they are investigating now." Excellent, about time. A failed project is one thing, but showing no evidence of a product - that was marketed to us as complete and only in need of funds for mass production - no evidence of more than a handful of parts and no third party investigation into their accounts. That's not only against KS TOS but just outright criminal It's a New Year...how about you start it out right by sending us an update? Like many on this thread, I doubt I am getting any money back, but that doesn't mean you don't owe all of us some level of transparency as to what is gonig on. Just be a human for a second and own up to your responsibilities to the people who believed in you. We all signed up for the risk with you, but you are leaving us hanging on some closure. This is becoming comical. It is because of these pathetic crooks that I will never back another project anywhere. It is refreshing to see how easy it is to steal money from people using the internet. As far as I am concerned, KickStarter themselves are to blame as well for this. They have to know how angry people are but yet they do nothing. It doesn't surprise me that there have been no updates or communication for 6 months. Ever since this project was funding the communication has been haphazard at best and incredibly delayed (even by their own promises) / misleading at worst. Sure ending up with a product is at best an educated gamble, but the lack of transparency and communication by the campaign owners is appalling and I'm quite sure in conflict with Kickstarters own terms of service. KICKSTARTER needs to take some responsibility. So far all they have done with this project is temporarily ban a few people from commenting. Here are some contact details for kickstarter: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 Just got a response from the Attorney General of Illinois saying "Currently, we are checking into the activities you described." LoL @Renata CST, I would like to get my product or a refund on my money. Alternatively, I've noticed there's an opportunity to take you to small claims. If you do not send me the finished product or a refund by January 31st, 2016. I will be looking into going to small claims and will encourage everyone else to do the same. You have my information on file. Get to it. Renata You guys may want to add comments to this site: <url>“It's okay for Kickstarter creators to take on big ideas and fail, but we expect transparency and honesty along the way,” - Kickstarter spokesperson David Gallagher. <url>"rewards" and who have also seen an abject lack of transparency, particularly in 2015 starting with the "We are Shipping" update, continuing with the farce that was the "Finances" update (we all remember that pie chart don't we) and culminating with the promise to, at the very least, make all details of the product available to the backers in the "Parting with Flextronics" update in June - which coincidentally was the last time we heard from the creators. So Kickstarter, how about it? Or was the $1m raised for this project not sizeable enough to warrant the same attention as the Zano project? @Johannes, thanks for posting that story. The person quoted about lawsuits seems to forget about the concept of small claims court. The company still has physical assets, they can be liquidated and some money recouped. I plan on filing my lawsuit in January for the amount pledged plus court costs. Was this story posted yet? <url>"worlds thinnest" gimmick, which, supposedly, if CST ever really was making this, is where most of their issues arose. The CST project was such a joke looking back. These guys should be in jail for fraud. This user's account has been deleted. I'd sign up for a class action lawsuit, or something or rather... How you manage to burn through a million is beyond me.... Granted KS walked away with 102,000 of it. Sadly this isn't the only product that has failed - I will NEVER back a KS project again (at least one that hasn't secured everything down to production) I would like to think that these guys feel remorseful. Gents - we need to be louder complaining to KS - from yet another failed campaign that made the news... .. Dear Zano backers: We've heard from many of you in the wake of the Zano project's failure, and we've been reading your comments. Like you, we’re extremely frustrated by what’s happened with this project. We learned the news of the Zano bankruptcy the same way that you did — through a bare-bones project update. We emailed the creators as recently as two weeks ago to encourage them to be more communicative with their backers, but received only a cursory response. You deserve more than that, and we are committed to helping backers get to the bottom of what happened here. Finding out what happened Today we sent an email to the Zano team informing them of their obligations to backers, and asking them to share an open and transparent update on what happened with the project. We have asked them to post this update by Monday, November 30th. If they do not adequately brief backers by that time, Kickstarter will independently pursue an inquiry into the Zano project. Should this occur, we will share those findings with you, the backers, once completed. Kickstarter’s terms Kickstarter’s Terms of Use set up an agreement between creators and backers that outlines what is supposed to happen if a creator is unable to complete their project. This agreement requires the creator to come forward and explain what happened and how funds were used, and to offer any remaining funds to backers. (Kickstarter does not issue refunds — the creator does so if there’s money left.) You can read this agreement in full here. As of now, the Zano creators have failed to meet these obligations. And as our terms state, this failure can subject them to legal action by backers. In addition, creators who fail to fulfill, and who fail to meet Kickstarter’s expectations of transparency, are not permitted to launch further projects. The creators of Zano will not be allowed to launch another project on Kickstarter. Failure is a possibility whenever someone tries to create something new. With open communication, this can be an unfortunate but acceptable outcome. But failure without honesty and transparency for backers is unacceptable. We are determined to help backers get the full account that they're entitled to and deserve. Thank you for your time, and for being a member of the Kickstarter community. Sincerely, Kickstarter I'm looking in to small claims court. This is ridiculous. me too wtf!!! this is bullshit!! What the hell ! ! ! ! I want my money back ! ! ! ! All 144$ of it, with interest ! ! ! ! HEY CST YOU LOGGED IN YESTERDAY, how about you just being fucktards and tell us whats going on. Well, looks like they won since no one in the US is going to do anything about it. I still want my money or my watch! @Erik - they gave up on us a long time ago - we funded a two year long party for them, and they have moved on. CST- we all learned valuable lessons...so be it. Now it's time for resolution. You havea a lot of money, patience and good will from this crew. It's hard to be respectful when there are no updates for some time. [Watches tumbleweed drift past – gives a sigh and moves on]. And I funded two of the things – my only error of judgement on Kickstarter so far, but a doozy. Well, their website is down. (Its was up earlier this summer, taking orders still.) Looks like their running for the hills. Hey, I still want my money or my watch parts! He didn't prove where the money was spent, that graph doesn't mean anything to me... I'd like to remind everyone asking why the Illinois Attorney General isn't doing anything to help, Illinois is having some budget issues at the moment, the state is a little short on money. At the end of the day the AG looked at how much money they could possibly recover, and how much it would cost them to pursue the claim, chances are it is a negative number, as in it would cost the AG more than they would get from any outcome. It's over people, move on. I'm baffled how people can ignore an Attorny General and it just goes away - what's the point of an AG if they can't enforce something? David: They are having a great time - traveled all over the world, collect 1 million plus, get away with fraud by ignoring the AG and continue their lives like nothing happened so whats the problem. These guys are not concerned about this, they have moved on with new jobs and full bank accounts. Surprise surprise, no update yet. These guys are scum and I hope they are living miserable lives right now. Hopefully they aren't enjoying our money and are truly broke. I would love to see them living under a bridge begging for money. I can't believe people aren't posting here more angrily! How could two guys possibly spend $1,000,000 + investments and not provide proof of anything close to that kind of cost. same pledge than paul120987 ($100). @Morgan Shieh I really wouldn't put any faith in that, that's EXACTLY like an e-ink wrist band project I've seen before, I wouldn't even consider investing in that. <url>#/ The Tago braclet, $105,000 raised for a $40,000 project. Closed March 2015, still taken "pre-orders", check the comments, surprise surprise, not a word and everyone has been let down Not for nothing, looks like another unrelated company is now trying to do something similar, but more immersive: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 --- I just filled a complain with the Attorney General. How do I file a complaint and with who?.....I would like to do the same with "radiate athletics" campaign...I lost $303 dollars on that one & $130 on this one... Filed a complaint with the FTC online @GWE OR its the idiots than ran this kickstarter rebranded after blowing the money we gave them in this one trying to get more money maybe these guys can do what CST couldn't. <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 fucking scumbags. If this is really what the article says then i'm all in to ensure that we get our funding back. But, but, but...they said they were living in a van...down by the river....eating government cheese.... These dicks haven't done a damn thing they said they'd do. Here is a follow up article from the New York Observer <url>#21 most happiest place to work for: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 Hi, guys! I am not a American (I am from Taiwan), Is anything I can do to support this? @Bryan - Thanks for pointing me to ripoffreport.com, I had not heard of it before :) Since they continue to give us silence, I'll continue to post about this on ripoff report and other sites. Update: 56 Days since they'd "update us in a week" What i have found to be best to make something show up under there name is to do rip off reports go to ripoffreport.com and file complaints under there personal names and companies. That will show up on google. @David - It's unfortunate but I think things are going to have to head in that direction. This project had clear deliverables and they have not been met. We've taken the first step by filing complaints with the BBB, FTC, and Illinois AG but if Vondle and O'Leary continue ignoring us, we'll have to take it to the next level. Vondle and O'Leary need to understand that they are accountable to us. They also need to understand that this is not going away unless they deliver. There's no "fake it until you make it" here. Any future employer, partner, or backer will need explanations from Vondle and O'Leary about this failure. The internet is not going to forget this. They either man up or accept that their names are tarnished forever. <url>"fake it until you make it" and "haters" presentations. when can i get my money back ? @Jordan Done, filed with FTC and Illinois attorney general. If these guys don't cough up some valid receipts for all the money spent I hope they get sued into oblivion. At this point there's no evidence that they didn't just funnel all the cash into some private account somewhere. Don't worry Johannes, the site says they'll be back "soon". Of course, we all know what that word means to CST. Could be several years. Looks like they pulled the website offline. <url>"update us in a week" Everyone, if you haven't already done so please fill out complaints to the Illinois Attorney General and FTC. Illinois Attorney General Consumer Complaint On-Line Submission Form: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 i am from germany and i filled the complaints and hope something will happen with dave and jerry... money i equal for me, but this two §$%&!"() should not laugh in their home of stupid greenhorns like me and swimming in the pool greening. I think jail is better for them... They lost any and all form of business ethics about 18 months ago. When they knew the project had failed and continued to lie to everyone that it is still going to plan just a little late. Dave and Jerry. Please feel free to jump in at any point...... If I have missed read this whole situation. I'm sure there is a perfectly valid reason for the "we are shipping update" , the "fake till you make it" one. Getting people who you worked with to put reviews up, thinking no one will notice. The complete lack of evidence you actully bought any more than 50 parts. How you spent money people added directly for shipping. The fake staying in a van. Etc etc etc @Creators you can log in yet still be silent to us for months, grow the fuck up and deal with the disaster you created ignoring us doesn't make the issue go away it just infuriates people. Show you have business ethics and fix the issue you created @Brett Schenker - Kickstarter could care less about the money we are out. Until laws are passed and the courts make rulings on situations like this, they will continue profiting. If Kickstarter was held liable for projects, you would see them getting more involved. Creator Central Standard Timing on July 2 Hi everyone, the last we heard from Flextronics is that we will need to wait for about another week before we can get their response about the parts we will be picking up from their facility. As soon as we hear back, we'll let you know. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Time Elapsed: 41 Days Remember, Kickstarter gets 5% of the projects, so they netted $51,314.60 off of this fraud. If the company had any scruples they'd refund at least that to the backers. It might be $6.70 a person, but at least they wouldn't be profiting off of fraud. @Jordan Thanks for the explanation. I will file my complaint. There is also a Facebook group called Crowd funding projects that never delivered ( or something close). I will post the complaint info there. @John The office has probably only received a handful of complaints so it would not be prudent for them to begin an investigation yet. That's why we need every backer to get involved and file complaints with the Illinois AG and FTC. Even if you were a $5 backer, your reward is no longer available as the link provided is no longer working. The Illinois AG and FTC needs to see that there CST has defauded a decent percentage of the backers. The problem is our only method to communicate with other backers is this comment section and CST has probably alienated enough backers to make sure they are no longer checking the comments section. There is something here I'm having trouble understanding. The Illinois Attorney general ( staff) reaches out to these idiots and they choose not to respond and they then close the case???? Shouldn't that action start the further investigation as they have chosen to not cooperate? It just sounds like strange governmental illogic to me. Jordan privacy seems to be an unfounded excuse from them. In my opinion they could easily provide service where you "mail" a backer but it goes through Kickstarter which forwards it to the backers email address, so you never come to know his email address and when he answers it functions the same way and he never sees your email adress. Technically its doable and many internet services use that kind of procedure. Should the refusal make one wonder what is KS real motivation to not encourage communication? So far I believe KS has no reason to do anything at all about the CST mess as we are only focusing our complaints and actions on CST ;-) Since KS is technically in the clean they could just lean back and don't have to help us. I see KS mostly as the owner and maintainer of a market place who has not much to do with what the vendors renting the space do or not do. Only if KS knowingly supports fraudsters and benefits from the frauds and maybe even earns more the bigger the fraud then they might be in trouble. I don't think thats the case. Still it would be nice for KS public image if they would help their customers. So far the news articles on KS problems mainly focus on the individual projects but not on KS itself. That might change if KS continues to not take more actions to support the guys and girls who pay them, Us. I received a response from Kickstarter about the ability of backers to contact other backers similar to how creator's can send campaign updates or via a mailing list but this was their response: "Kickstarter takes the privacy of our users very seriously, so we don't provide this information directly to backers." The woman who wrote these two articles: <url>— Filing a complaint with the Illinois Attorney General didn't really get me too far. They just sent letters saying, "We reached out to CST, and they didn't reply... So we're closing your case." SUPER! "Can someone from outside the US lodge one of those FTC complains people are talking about?" The answer is yes. @Empereurrom7 I'll send an email to Kickstarter to see if there is a way for us to send out a bulk email to all of the backers. Kickstarter has not been very supportive though. My previous communications with them always leaves me with a "I got mine" feeling. @Jordan, I just filled my complain at FTC. Maybe we should ask Kickstarter to send an email to every backers, so everyone will know that there are thinks to do, and not let it slide ! Everyone: If you haven't already done so please fill out complaints to the Illinois Attorney General and FTC. Illinois Attorney General Consumer Complaint On-Line Submission Form: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Seller/Provider: Dave Vondle and Jerry O'Leary doing business as Central Standard Timing Address: 3039 W Fullerton Ave # 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 @Chris There is nothing aggressive about filing a complaint. As I stated before, we are morally obligated to file complaints with the FTC, Illinois Attorney General, Chicago BBB and other parties that protect consumers from fraud. We may have been taken by Vondle and O'Leary's deception but that does not mean we can allow them to defraud others. They've been lying to us from day one and using this project as a success story to climb up the ladder while not delivering. @Joshua I believe you can file complaints with both the FTC and Illinois Attorney General even if you do not live in the States. You still entered in to a binding contract with CST in the US under our laws and all done on US based servers (i.e. Kickstarter) @Chris I'm very familiar with KS and what it is (& isn't). Whether or not the project has been successful is not at issue with me. I personally believe that were were purposely and deliberately mislead. *That* is what is not acceptable. Most likely common sense and probably lawyers have told them to clam up. Unless partners come forth with more information and/or new information is uncovered, the real truth here will probably never be known. It's simply not worth the money for an individual to really pursue this any farther than asking their bank or card company for a courtesy charge back. SC, I agree with you that their communication was not the best we would expect. At the beginning though, we had some news about the project. It was at the end, when they realized that it was a dead end that they should have given more information (bad news is better than no news). I guess that's part of the learning curve when you start something. Chris, under no interpretation of the Terms of Use has CST fulfilled it's obligations to backers. Even if they cannot bring the product to market, there are still requirements about communicating exactly what happened, proving the funds were used appropriately, distributing whatever parts/money is left, etc. I'm sad that this project didn't reach the end because it was a brilliant idea and I was happy to believe in it. I know you're all disappointed (and I'm too) but there is really no need to be so agressive. Besides this, I think most of you do not understand what Kickstarter is. It's not an internet shop where you buy goods like a supermarket. You are not just a regular customer when you give your money to a project but more a patron or a sponsor. This means that when you help building a project, it doesn't necessarily mean that you will receive the result. As a sponsor, you accept the risk that the project may not come to the end (which is fortunately very rare). Can someone from outside the US lodge one of those FTC complains people are talking about? They raised 5 times their funding requirements and still did not get it done? Fraud?! CST, how do you respond to Flextronics' statement that they fulfilled all their requirements/agreements to you? You've certainly been spinning a different story. Hmm.. seems that Flextronics was an actual investor in CST. <url># 2 Chicago, IL 60647-2807 Website: centralstandardtiming.com Let me know if you need additional details. I decided to file a complaint with the Virginia Attorney General as well as the Illinois. Can someone print the information to fill in the form? Like address etc. I want to file a complaint but don't know what things to fill in. I don't want the $144 back, I want those two jailed, and / or bankrupt; paid $144 to see them fuxk up is worth all the pennies, I had filed mine through IAGC and FTC; and it's about time every one do the same, I would file it against Kickstarter itself for allowing project like this to scam people's trust and money It's also disappointing that kick starter them selfs don't act in intrest of the backers. After all its backer who pay them. Instead they just wash their hands with it. But that aside. I hope Vondle and O'Leary know these things don't just go away. Sticking your head in the sand, does not work. @Thurstan I have to disagree with you. Vondle and O'Leary led us to believe that this watch was pretty much a done deal and that our money was going towards the last stretch and mass producing the watch. They have never been upfront and honest with us and they need to be taken to task. The Illinois Attorney General and FTC have recently taken other crowdfunding projects to court and won back money for the backers. From an ethical perspective, we MUST do this in order to protect others that might be scammed by Vondle and O'Leary. If you haven't already done so please fill out complaints to the Illinois Attorney General and FTC. Illinois Attorney General Consumer Complaint On-Line Submission Form: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" As annoyed as I have been with this project. I don't think filling a complaint or suing is really going to be good for anyone. You will perhaps get some money back, but you will also tie the two up in legal proceeding for months, filing bankruptcy. FTC Complaint: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping". Le formulaire est dans un anglais facile, l'adresse de CST est disponible dans cette page ... n'hésitez pas à faire valoir vos droits... Complaints filed with IL attorney general and FTC. I had not filed a complaint with the AG until today. You can't keep ignoring us, CST. Where is my shipping money? Where are the parts you purchased for my watch, which you never made? Just disappointed. 1/16 backed projects being a failure on my list while painful and frustrating has to be expected. They can't all be a pebble for example. The more frustrating part is being non-USA makes chasing and the rest basically useless for me anyway. Just want to remind you guys that you ripped us all off. Thanks. Jordan in correct EVERYONE needs to file a complaint with the FTC and the Attorney General/ I received a second letter from the Illinois Attorney General that stated CST has not answered any of their requests or letters over the last 4 months, so unless the AG gets more complaints they will just file drop. CST wasted all this money and have no respect for any of the backers. They should not get away with it. If you haven't already done so please fill out complaints to the Illinois Attorney General and FTC. Illinois Attorney General Consumer Complaint On-Line Submission Form: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" You never know how things go but this is promising: <url>"sold out" and that they are "focusing on delivering our current orders before taking new ones." Which sounds so much more professional than "We weren't up to the challenge and have blown all our Kickstarter backers' money for nothing. Sorry." Продайте почки и верните деньги! Illinois Attorney General Consumer Complaint On-Line Submission Form: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" I have been pretty open minded about this because i understand what "could" happen during r and d and development. I can understand a campaign failing, but you guys also said you would communicate the issues of what happened in more depth. Verbally communicating what happened is in your control, you have the power to talk to us and let us know more. You guys are just making things worse and showing that its not only failed parts or issues with other companies. May not matter but i no longer fall on the side of shit happens in business because you guys clearly dont give a shit. So in not talking more in depth you have proven that really it wasnt just development or other companies, but you. I can believe that after all this excuse and disappointment they still have their website up and taking pre-orders. I hope that there's no more people backing this project. They're charging $299.00 for pre-orders. What a joke. Hey David and Jerry. Do either of you have 129$? If so could you pay me back please. Ta Where did that tray of watches go? I have heard perhaps two people talking about getting the watch and one was a friend from IDEO. I can't recall a number, but when the update came that you had 'started shipping' you showed a tray or two of what looked to be final watches. Where are they? What a surprise it has been 3 weeks with no response, when parts should have picked up from flextronic two weeks ago. I don't know why I am surprised, the updates have usually been late with lengthy sporadic time waiting. You get the parts back? any further with the decision? Also anyone else think its really messed up that it seems like they sent the only watches produced to their friends who backed Still no firm proof of where the money went... Still no honest transparency, still no fucks given by David and Jerry. FTC filed and i hope that the appropriate actions happen to these scammers. Found this information publicly posted on the internet. For help with filing complaints: Registrant Street: 5815 N. Sheridan Rd. Apt 214 Registrant City: Chicago Registrant State/Province: Illinois Registrant Postal Code: 60660 Registrant Country: United States Registrant Phone: (401) 935-0626 Registrant Email: <email> @Denis Voloshi Они потратили деньги :( Anyone have access to the companies full details so we can add it to the forms over at FTC for the complaint? Жулики и воры! Верните деньги! can someone re-post the address and what not to help people filing complaints? Everyone please visit: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" So are refunds happening? This project is an utter disappointment. Updates were extremely infrequent. They used to be very detailed but eventually replaced by equally lengthy excuses. And till today the creators are still vey evasive about their resolutions. None of the their promises have been realized. More frequent update? Nope. News from manufacturer? Nope. I fell particularly cheated when they claimed they were "shipping" in Feb but later came up with an update saying their yield was too low to even continue. I have no trust in these guys anymore. I'm teaching an HCI class and one of the topics is prototyping. I really wanted to use the story of CST as an example for this as in their very early posts they used just paper/simple materials to get a sense of the final project. But given this fiasco it is just a very bad example (not even worth as a "negative-example" to learn from mistakes), and I would never use it. This will only be an example I use to tell my friends to not hold their breath for Kickstarter projects -- yes it's a place for people with dreams to raise fundings, but it's also an unregulated arena for crooks that do not follow through and do not have any sense of obligation. "Fake it till you make it" is the worst advice to anyone -- it's plain lying. What a surprise no update, despite saying it will be a week. You guys really have no shame. I really hope the FTC come knocking for you guys. You have been nothing but dishonest. I think there may be an angle that wil do these clowns in. From what I've read, for the FTC complaints, the money had to be used for the "purpose" it was collected. You folks who gave them shipping money are on the right track. They had no reason to use it until they shipped something. Therefore , that money should be refunded now. Otherwise, there's been fraud. I think everyone commenting here is missing the point. From the creators perspective this was a massive success. Huge amount of money made, some effort to try and show your working on the project to keep investors happy and long boring but encouraging updates every now and then to allow so much time to have passed that when the penny drops that most aren't going to take any action. Who cares that there's no product and a bunch of pissed off backers, you can just move on to the next things with all your management experience from this project and state you learned a lot for the next round of suckers. You can deal with the disappointed backers. If you have the personality where you can ask who has two thumbs and doesn't give a fuck? Me! Then your onto a winner with kickstarter. Fake it till you make it. I think I heard this somewhere. Maybe it was a quote from one of the bakers themselves before this project was started. Vondle and O'Leary you have no shame Hello, CST. What about the parts? On July 2, you thought you'd know more in "about another week." Good grief. This thing was massively mismanaged. You have failed to meet every deadline you've ever set for yourself--including around simple communication. Truly pathetic. Now that production has ceased and you're OFFICIALLY not working on this any more (you were always unofficially not working on it), can you give us an update? What was the response about the parts? when are you shipping them to me with the shipping money I gave you? For anybody who makes fun of CST for living in a van. VANLIFE The Pros & Cons <url>"not buying a product" ??? i hope Kickstarter fail, like CST fail, just get busted by the US gov once and for all My fellow sufferers, if you want to see how a project should be reported: <url>"investment". The only comment from lab IX is that they met their obligations...I wonder what those were. I wonder if lab IX has any claim to the CST IP. It'd be interesting to see if they're holding on to the parts and tooling in the hopes of resuming production for themselves after CST is officially gone. I don't trust either of these companies. FULL DISCLOSURE NOW! "Incompetence that led to fraud"...I gotta give it to that guy, that's the best description of this campaign ever. Pour ifnormation : Il est vraiment très simple de renseigner les informations demandées par <url>ême si votre anglais est approximatif... Observer article - just wow... Everyone please visit: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Vondle and O'Leary are crooks. They lied to us all. The comments from Flextronics and CST are pretty funny. I remember a video CST did for Flextronics Lab IX, where CST was talking about how great Lab IX is and how much Lab IX helped in finishing the CST-01. I can't seem to find the video any more, it appears to have been removed. I'm in no way trying to stick up for CST but fair is fair, both companies are not been truthful and are trying to cover their butts. <url>“Fake It ’til You Make It,” but he didnt make it ): Interesting quotes from the article: "we were particularly interested in the sob story about the van living quarters. In an update posted on the Kickstarter page on April 17 of this year (when backers were really beginning to demand answers, photos of the product and proof of where the money was being spent), the project’s creators posted photos of a van with a bed in the back, claiming it was permanently parked in Flextronics’ parking lot and that creator Mr. Vondle was living there in order to be closer to the process. Ms. Sargent [Note: Jeannine Sargent of Flextronics - Not part of article] confirmed this is just plain untrue." -=- "Ms. Sargent is the president of innovation and new ventures at Flextronics, and she revealed what is possibly the biggest blow: Flextronics not only manufactured for Central Standard Time, but invested in the company as well." <url>"oh received my watch yeeey" pathetic. Steven raises a good point for future Kickstarter projects, all shipping funds should go into a trust and only allowed to be accessed once goods are ready to ship. lol @ castro's profile I will not be asking for any refund, this was a challenging endeavor and inspiring in its lofty goal. Product development is tricky. Developing products around emerging technologies is even trickier! What will you be attempting next... Out of curiosity, as nothing was "shipped", the $15 we paid for international shipping should at least be refunded,no? Did they not have to keep the shipping funds needed aside,for that purpose? These clowns just ripped us all off with bogus info and stupid "hey, i slept in a van to save money" excuses. While I have just registered my complaint as others below here with the FCC, it is just so that these idiots know how much the lies hurt people kind enough to back them. I want to see their houses and cars sold to give us back our money, but at the bery least, Kickstarter should have some type of contingency fund, for when things done through their site don't pan out. Moreso when it is as poorly done like these guys. Imagine if Kickstarter had contacted them to say hey, you gotta respond minimum once a month,or whatever. Kickstarter has lost me for any project through their site due to these asshats and their lying,cheating ways. I want them to sell stuff off, and refund me my $145. Shipping costs were never incurred,for starters. Where's that money gone? <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Hi Dave and Jerry Between all these complaints I would like to thank you for the efforts I believe you put in. We all signed up for a crowdfunding and I for my part have no intention to add insult to injury and to blame you for unfortunately materialised risks which I knowingly took. Good luck for the future! Best.florian FTC complaint filed so if many people on here do the same they will not be able to ignore the disaster that is CST. Dave Vondle and co needs to be held personally accountable for the total mis-management of this project. Shame on them. I lost 244,00 $ in this project. I have the feeling that the only way to truly understand what happened will be through FTC... I re-read your reply to me when i stated is there action you could take. I understand the docs you had to sign. I deal with manufacturers and agreements daily with the business that I run. Were you originally given a rate of failure with parts? Did you have business insurance or was almost 100 percent outsourced not requiring it etc. i didnt realize one company had gone belly-up, will you be providing more detailed data soon? Id like to see a quickbooks breakdown, you said you would "open the books", opening them is displaying all data. I Think more data and transparency would help things. CST show receipts and packing slips if your telling the truth every shipment received should have both Everyone please visit: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" CST: "You already think that we don’t have the parts, so I’m not sure how anything short of opening all of our boxes and dumping thousands of parts on the floor will fulfill your request." I don't think would be practical or proof that the parts are really there. It would be easy to fake such photos. The only way to prove that the parts were purchased and the monies spent as claimed would be to submit a certified, independent accounting of the funds by reputable firm. Your home made bar and pie charts don't cut it. You have been so straight forward and honest (not) with backers for the last 2 years, that you don't have the trust of most backers, for example I can't believe you guys only took a salary of $4000 each for 2 years and spent all your personal savings just to keep the project afloat. "You already think that we don’t have the parts, so I’m not sure how anything short of opening all of our boxes and dumping thousands of parts on the floor will fulfill your request." Get to dumping, I say! Don't hold your breath about receiving the parts. They most likely do not exist as they were never purchased. Spoiler alert for the near future: CST will not update for over a month, and when they do, it'll be to give an excuse for why sending the parts just isn't possible. "Sorry, some of these parts are proprietary, and our vendors had us sign a strict agreement not to distribute the parts individually, as a non-assembled product." Some crap like that. Not to mention, where are they going to get the money to ship the parts to all 7000 backers? If you haven't picked up on this yet, I'll help you out. There is only one possible outcome for participating in a project run by these guys: Receive nothing. There was never going to be another outcome. Project 29 "Hello Backers, Last week, we worked with our manufacturer to finish building, testing, and shipping our first batch of products!...We are delighted with how the product has turned out and are excited to be getting them onto your hands. At this stage we are being careful to start slow to make sure our process has all of the kinks worked out of it. For those of you who are curious how we are going about the shipping queue, we are shipping by both order number and the SKU that we are currently producing. We have started with the black, raw titanium, medium watches for this shipment, but will be changing the line over to cover the different color and sizes in subsequent orders. Now would be a good time to make sure your address is correct in the Kickstarter system. If you are unfamiliar with how to update your address, we wrote a brief tutorial here blabla Thanks again for the patience and and support. -Jerry & Dave | CST" And of course, on feb 05, you did not know that you will not be able to deliver anything to your backers... right... CST! All of a sudden you appear here trying to pretend that you care at all? How about refunding us as a token of your caring? You might think that it's pointless to ask for a refund as you know well that you are not going to give one, BUT it's better this way than facing a lawsuit. If one project was successfully sued, I don't see why this one shouldn't be. In sure you are hoping that people will eventually give up or get tired of this and you can just walk away. Not going to happen. @cst maybe at some point you would like to explain the deliberate actions you under took to mislead every backer about the status of the project for well over a year. You lied, you had friends create fake reviews, you had friends take picture of their watches to validate your completely misleading "we are shipping" update. This whole project, was a " fake it until you make it" exercise. Except you failed to make. FTC complaint filed <url>#crnt Select Internet shopping,online services tab and fill out form. There are 8000 reasons to follow through Let's be completely honest here... This lame attempt at an apology is nothing more than a preemptive strike against an inevitable FTC fraud investigation. Considering the recent ruling for a Kickstarter project to refund its backers due to fraud... 'Look how we tried to say we are sorry to our backers for bullshitting them for 3 years as we either mismanaged or just flat out stole their investment in our project....' Does this about cover it? I'm thinking the majority of your 8000 investors (even the few befuddled backers that told us we just didn't know the struggles of modern mfg.., who still want to put gas in Jerry's van for him) feel like you have been less than honest. So this long winded plan 'Z' speech is falling on less than sympathetic ears. Jerry, if I were you... I'd go liquidate it all (if you have not already done so) and find the "World's Thinnest Swiss Bank" to hide what's left from the FTC. PLEASE SEND THE TITLE TO YOUR VAN TO DAVID LYKINS 123 No Fucking Way Burlington, NC 27215 Selling parts? Who would buy them? How much would you get? 10 cents on the Dollar if we are lucky? --> Just send me my parts! they'll be worth more to me than whatever some 3rd party will pay you for them. Do you have the parts? Your new chart states you want to recover 100% from Flextronic. 100% of how many? ~8000 I hope. Please still show us pictures of the thousands of bands, batteries and displays, so we have a proof that you actually spend the Million USD on parts and didn't just pocket it. The FTC will want to see that too. Thank you. CST, i don't mind I paid over $100 for this project. But I think you should refund the shipment fee because you should not use these money before delivery. CST! Let me get this straight. You can post about another project but not this one? What kind of a horrible person are you? I have no respect for you at all. As you can see people follow you VERY closely and they will make sure that you don't succeed anywhere else! How about responding the requests here? such as show us the material you claim to have bought? You two are pathetic. I find it tragic that Dave and Jerry could not be arsed to post a response in the comments for months, but now that there's another project at risk they are all over making sure we know it's not them. Well, it is, but not really. Promise. Love and Kisses. Bryan VanAlmkerk: maybe the contracts were written in Chinese so David and Jerry couldn't understand them. I just dont understand why you cant go after suppliers who screwed you to recoup costs due to them. Nothing new for me... but thanks for inform us Everyone please visit: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" Can't read this update without LOLing. Update 33: We pissed off Flextronics, so let's cover our ass and talk about how cool they are, and this is definitely not scripted. P.S. No watches, suckers. You have to wonder how much of the million USD + has gone in to this other Kickstarter. I really hope some legal entities in the US can get involved and break open this mess. Well I sent a note to the creator of the latest Kickstarter that Jerry O'Leary is a part of. Unfortunately I got an email back from the guy telling me that Jerry was a fantastic guy! Yeah..... I am sure if you like people that rip off customers, you would like Jerry too. This quickly made Internet news: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Lesson learned. Creators often sell "pre-orders" directly from their own websites, as was the case with CST. By purchasing a pre-order, rather than backing a KS campaign, you are still "backing a dream", but you are also ensuring recourse for yourself. It makes a lot more sense to do that. Kickstarter's amended ToU sets the bar extremely low for creators, and gives them options for "fulfilling their obligations" well short of delivering the reward. Technically, they've fulfilled their obligations so long as: "1) They post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; 2) They work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; 3) They’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; 4) They’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and 5) They offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form." I do not remember those requirements being so detailed/spelled out in prior versions of the ToU, and those are actually pretty easy requirements to meet, especially when Kickstarter is not actively overseeing projects and checking to see if fancy gannt charts and graphs are even remotely accurate. So, go ahead and back people's dreams. But be smart about it. Stay off Kickstarter. Imagine if they'd only gotten the 200K....considering how miserably this went for them, this email would've come like 12 hours after funding ended. Burned yet again Kickstarter - I'm DONE, over & OUT! NEVER, EVER AGAIN WILL I BACK ANOTHER CAMPAIGN! The original financial 'target' for this project, as I remember, was WAY below the $1M+ raised. So, from the beginning, these folks had NO idea what it would actually take to bring this product to market. Worse, they now claim an additional $1.2M(?) needed to resolve current issues. These folks are some of the poorest examples of business-folks I've encountered. Unfortunately, their ineptitude and lack of research casts an ugly shadow on all Kickstarter projects for me. Having invested and expecting two of these watches resulted in $260 down the drain. Hopefully, the full pressure of the law will recoup these monies for me and all others who invested in good faith. At very least, these folks should be bankrupted in an effort to repay trusting investors. While I don't personally believe that there was anything deceptive about this project, I just want to say, considering that the FCC has started taking on these cases, with apparently a few more being investigated by them, if you feel that you were duped, report it to the FCC. <url>"start" :P @Storytime, Peter is spot on, it's not about the product. Sorry I can't accept this. If it was done over a year ago when you knew the project had failed then fair enough. But for the last year you have been lieing to everyone, with fake reviews and updates. I don't see an apology for that. Which is what people are actully upset about I also want my parts in a jiffy envelope. If I have to, Ill pay the shipping. To even suggest in your latest update you know what is best for us, that your backers dont have the right x, y, z. I have paid for those parts numnuts, you bought them with my money (and others) - so send them to me. (unless you are going to send me a fully working watch) @StoryTime Wardobe thank you for the educational comment, however it is nod needed. People who complain about this project are not complaining about not receiving their pledge. they complain about how the creators misled, lied and hid from thousands of people. The deliberately held information back as long as they could. If there is a book about how to run a KS project the wrong way, they must have a copy each as they tick all the boxes. I hope this explains the anger and the upset comments. It would be nice not to receive any more of those "this is not a shop" smart comments. as we already know! I hope all the backers who are filing complaints and those planning to realize what kickstarted is. It is not a place where you buy products. It's a place to support up and coming companies/products through financial support. If you happen to get a product or service out of it that's cool. But by donating to a company there is NO guarantee that a product will actually be created and delivered. While this really does suck and we will probably not get a watch out of this, by backing CST originally you were not buying a product. You were supporting a dream and a hope of a product, which in this case will probably not come to fruition. Please remember that and be sensible. Well the complaint has finally now been filed with the FTC. The final assembly was being done at Flextronics here in the U.S. The tooling, the bands and a few other parts we made in China Just noticed: cst claims in initial project the assembly will be done in USA. But why do they go to China to assemble there? Btw i filed also a FTC report. Suggest everyone to do same <url>’t follow through on their promises. In its first case involving crowdfunding, the Federal Trade Commission announced Thursday that it has settled charges against Erik Chevalier, a man who raised $122,000 through Kickstarter to produce a board game that never materialized. Consumers should able to trust their money will actually be spent on the project they funded. Jessica Rich, director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection While this week’s FTC settlement is a warning to online scammers, it also reveals the limits to which the government can protect consumers: Chevalier has been ordered to repay the money, but the judgment is suspended because he doesn’t have any. Otherwise, the settlement prohibits him from lying about future crowdfunding campaigns. I filed my complaint. Didn't take much time :-) and just received a confirmation email. Who else is up for doing some good? Everyone please visit: <url>"Internet services, online shopping, or computers" then "Online shopping" J R, I did Online Shopping. Can you 'hook' me up with that hot 'Chinoreneasian' chick who's intently laboring on 12 boxes of circa 2005 (stock photo) product...? I bet she knows how to party!!! Respectful... Considerate...? Like when scammers steal over $1million dollars and Kickstarter protects them and demands that we be respectful??? Fuck you Brett, which one do you suggest we chose "Scams and Rip offs" or "Online Shopping"? I got it!!!!! Bought it from Burns! This watch is really amazing, weight of 12gr. and it works without any problem!!! Why to hell they don`t manage to produce it...? Can be seen on: <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter." Select the first option "This project breaks one of Our Rules." Select "Misrepresentative support; Projects cannot have related parties create an illusion of support." In the comment section mention Jerry O'Leary by name, his involvement with the CST scam, and that his support of this new project creates a misrepresentation. <url>"few renderings". That sounds different to me than "creative director" which he was called earlier. Also Scott said Jerry still works on the CST in his freetime. Does he? I like how 1 day after we all post on their page, the other creator responds directly to his backers in the comments. 1 day was all it took for a response. Those backers dont know how good they've got it! Guys like this can go on forever making a decent living just by starting a project every 6 months or even a year. Unless somebody takes action... One of the guys from this project is apart of another thats live on kickstarter called lunatik. People aren't getting answers from the project creator about the role of the member from cst in the company lunatik. Just thought if might be useful information. Can you give us an update please? If you are not going to fulfill our pledges - and it appears unlikely at this point - then at least man up and tell us without using a lot of meaningless charts and numbers. One way or another, end this farce. Reported as well, under their "don't be a jerk rule". If the actions of cst don't count as being a jerk. I don't know what does. @ J S, absolutely correct. That's a good way to phrase the question too. And if you pledge $1, well, technically you're a backer, so you can say whatever you want. It's not illegal to get a new job of course. But I seriously question whether they are still putting effort into CST. It's hard to imagine they're trying, seeing as we're back to going months without an update, and they refuse to show any substantive proof of parts or effort. This project has not reached an acceptable conclusion according to Kickstarters terms, so i think this is really poor form. All of this was discovered by posters over on the OTHER cst message board. Credit where it's due. They've found some other stuff too. <url>"Hey is it true that this guy works for you who wasted $1M from 7700 customers promising an almost ready to go "worlds thinnest watch". <url>" :-) <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: [...] -"they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers;" Seems to me that by getting involved with another company and project and raising 200k for it (ironically the same amount he asked for for CST-01) on Kickstarter while the CST-01 goes months without updates, that Jerry is no longer working "diligently" and "in good faith" to complete this project. He has moved on. To move onto other projects while this one has not reached an acceptable conclusion is a clear violation. -"they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers" Recycling old photographs and attempting to pass them off as new seems a) dishonest, and b) like a material misrepresentation. See Strategian's post for more examples of this. So many other violations. Report and Comment, What is Scott his new boss made Jerry stop work on CST when he hired him>? Reported that project. Because fuck you CST. If nothing else we can take some money from the new project Everyone back there new project for a $1 and add you frustrations to the comments. you can always cancel it anytime before the project finishes. Others need to warned and they need to make no money ever. I just posted your comment on their page @Sean C. Also, just FYI, Jerry O'Leary is already kickstarting AGAIN for a new watch product, this time under the name "Minimal", for which he is, "creative director." Thought I'd put that out there. Congrats on your 200% funded new project, Jerry! Maybe you could finish this one though? <url>"fake it till you make it" video. <url>#comments I'll continue - compare the photos from the June 14, 2014 update of the base stations (<url>"Did you vote for thinner?". I suspect this is a low percentage given the time it was open. CST, it's time to make a decision and then stick to it. Which option are you choosing? I'd like the money or parts please. Someone else making the CST is obviously not going to happen, so I'll just pretend you guys didn't even fake-suggest that. And I don't want to wait another 2 years for you to fail miserably at this too, so lets go. It's time for this charade to end. Ah a few machines yes, but don't forget, we've never actually seen the parts they claim to have bought. Only some very small numbers from updates over a year ago Since they didn't provide any proof in form of pictures or bills it is reasonable to assume they never purchased thousands of displays, thousands of batteries and thousands of bands for millions of dollars. They claim they did in some pie chart but can't prove it at all. They showed some old pictures with a handful of parts and hoped that would convince anybody. Do they think they are super smart or that we are less intelligent? Where is the prove for the parts purchased or probably more true where did the money for real? All the money is gone that's right. But the company had assets. Parts, machines etc etc. Funny how there has been no mention of the value of these or where they are. Parts for 1000's of watches were bought, but there is no sign of them............... @Ruben Preorders get the refunds because they can go hard with legal action as they paid for a product, we get nothing because the terms around what we paid for are so blurred. In essence, we should get a partial refund of what money is left, but they've basically claimed all the money has gone and there's nothing So... what option have they taken? The option of hiding under rocks? I want a refund or my parts of the watch please I have heard that some people that preordered the watch have a refund, and we? Just an FYI, it looks like their Facebook page has now gone dark. There is another page for "CST-01 Watch" but it doesn't appear to be related to these guys. This pretty much puts the nail in the coffin for my future participation in Kickstarter projects. Fool me one, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. This makes for twice. CST you're only making yourselves look more criminal by not responding to the Illinois Attorney General, BBB, Consumerist, Observer, etc If re-posting links: <url>"backers requested" are old ones. Interesting read, Trogdor! They brought up a good question though. "Is this incompetence or is this deceit?" Due to the lack of regular updates and response to messages, I say deceit. I also say deceit because I feel like they're just throwing up random financial information in the hopes that we're all too stupid to understand it and will back down with whatever legal action we may have in mind because the new user agreement allows it. It seems some smarter people are already identifying flaws in their financials, so I hope they end up paying up and having to apologize. <url>"fake until they make" or don't... Made me so happy I had goosbumps. Enjoy. :-) I got a letter today from the Illinois Attorney General, CST will not respond to them either @Jamie O'Rourke - you ask the right question. My guess is that Jerry & David signed lousy contracts with their suppliers and manufacturer and have no recourse for refunds or rework or warranty. They can't prove defects without someone to test the parts, and the manufacturer won't test (and fix the production line to deliver working product) without their $1 Million. And THAT's why you hire Supply Chain people. And Lawyers. And Operations experts. Because what you don't know will hurt you. Sort of like us backers, no? Next time I feel like burning $129 on a dream, it won't be through Kickstarter. Either that or more likely that PayPal is refunding the charges under their Purchase Protection program. Then they will go after CST via collections and litigation. It also proves the financial graphs CST is posting are false. They have the money to refund pre-orders, which is the graphs show that money as spent I guess you can find money when it means keeping your butts out of jail. Well, folks who ordered the CST-01 directly from the CST site are getting fraud reversals for hundreds of bucks. Kickstarter backers are SOL. That sort of sums up everything I've learned about crowd-sourcing over the last 2 years. You want guarantees for your $$? Well, forget the KS Terms of Use. The ToU actually complicates things by allowing projects to fall into an ill-defined, indefinite limbo. Outside of KS--outside of the unenforceable formality that is the ToU--what happened here is straight up fraud. That's why pre-orderes are receiving their money back, and we are not. Lesson learned. Pre-order directly--forget crowd-sourcing. When you donate through KS, you are practically signing away the rights to your cash. You are enabling 1.5 million dollar, 500% funded project fails. Must be hard getting internet in the van... CST Jerry, David Say something, do a Q&A comment, do anything @jamie i agree, but im starting to think its all bs that was fabricated, its this persons fault, its this person etc etc. Anyone asking for a comment, believe me they know we would all like our money back. It won't happen, please let it go. The money and then some is gone. I hate the fraud, a previous backer found all the pictures posted in this last update were from previous. Dates on the stuff show are from early 2014. Nothing about their behaviors is truthful, I wish them nothing but failure in the future. I don't mind if the project fails, as long as there was real effort to succeed. From all the updates there was no real effort. Anyone asking for a comment, believe me they know we would all like our money back. It won't happen, please let it go. The money and then some is gone. I hate the fraud, a previous backer found all the pictures posted in this last update were from previous. Dates on the stuff show are from early 2014. Nothing about their behaviors is truthful, I wish them nothing but failure in the future. I don't mind if the project fails, as long as there was real effort to succeed. From all the updates there was no real effort. I think that is one of the big key questions; "Why are you not holding the manufacturer responsible for supplying you with failed products?" i just cant get over the amount required to move forward, an additional million plus. it just doesnt make sense to not have any inclination of that amount, i feel like thats impossible to not know. and i dont know why your not holding manufacturers responsible for the screw ups which cost you money. and it was stupid to not do a better cost analysis around the thinner bands. i freakin hate anyone who voted on that crap, stupid. No wonder no one ever offered on my watch "future" concept... I think they would be more worried about a fraud law suit from the direct web site sales. Kickstarter's ToS makes it much harder for backers to sue CST. They may have purchased all the parts and spent the money as they say, but it seem very unlikely due the past misleading and vague updates they continue to post. But by not saying anything to us, they're not fulfilling their duty according to ToS. So they're banking strongly that backers are just going to give up. this gag order is more likely to be from CST's own lawyer to keep them from stating something that could be used against them in court. @corporate3-6 . Everything you say seems to be the most plausible course of events. It is a shame they could not say so themselves. This whole gagging order issue sounds very suspicious and I wouldn't be surprised if Flextronics made a play for IP rights and materials for pennies on the dollar. It all shouts of lack of corporate experience within CST. Which is the opposite of what I had been led to believe with their KS video. They cannot completely absolve themselves of fault. This was my first Kickstarter *sad* We've seen a few, certainly nothing on the scale of what they claim. I don't care about the money, I'm more bothered with the constant lies and deceit. Half of the things they have shown us appear to be from the prototype stage anyway. I understand what you're saying, but I'm sure you'll agree, a manufacturer has no right or ability to withhold items that have been paid for. And over there in the States, you seem to be very trigger happy with the lawyers, I really can't see Flex keeping all of the parts. Not to mention, they've said they bought all the parts in one bulk order (who does that!?) but in the next breath the battery manufacturer went out of business so they couldn't get the batteries. They appear to contradict themselves. Likewise, on what planet does anyone tolerate such failure rates from a manufacturer AND be held financially accountable. It just doesn't add up. And the whole gag order, wtf is that about. There's not even a reason for that. You don't gag your own client. With the reposting of old photos and low unit numbers being displayed - there is no tangible proof these parts exist at all. Maybe a statement from Flex would help? @Jamie, You are way overstating your case. I understand you are upset that you lost your money, as are many - but your anger is clouding your judgment. eInk does not make a few dozen custom displays for anyone - and we have seen dozens of displays. Same with the flip chip wafers. You can't just buy a few - and we have seen those parts. Clearly, CST purchased large volumes of these parts. And if this was all an elaborate scam, there would be no reason to purchase volumes of some parts and not others. They have gone "beyond a reasonable doubt" that they did in-fact purchase the parts. The problem is that they have accepted they do not have the $$ to finish this project, but they have close to a million in parts. The update says those parts are @ Flextronics, and it also says Flextronics has ceased production and is refusing to deliver completed units until they are paid or some other arrangement is in place. Meaning the big question is - what about the almost-one-million in parts that are owned by CST but in possession of Flextronics? CST shouldn't have gone into debt with Flextronics while letting them retain possession of a million $$ worth of parts that backers money was spent on. Their plan A/B/C for going forward hinges on some critical information we don't yet have, such as... are the parts in possession of CST? If not, why not? The encapsulation machine, the tooling and fixtures and the parts were all paid for by CST. Those items are critical to manufacturing the watches. If someone comes along and picks up where CST has left off, it's possible or even likely they will elect NOT to use Flextronics as the assembler of the watches - in which case, the tooling, parts and machinery are *critical* to making this project work. And if Flextronics is refusing to let CST have that stuff, it means either a buyer would need to pay Flextronics the "estimated" $1.2 million just to get the ~8,000 watches made before they could manufacture any for themselves. And presumably, the CST guys are expecting to get paid for the IP and rights to the parts and tooling. The exact status of things with Flextronics makes a HUGE difference. It sounds like the relationship is bad, and Flextronics has most of the cards. Perhaps Flextronics is even pushing to get ownership of the IP in lieu of payment. If Flextronics has positioned themselves as the only company capable of making these watches, and to change that would require a costly legal battle to get ownership of the parts + tooling + machinery, then this project is even less likely to be rescued. I don't think flextronics took them for a ride at all - I, personally, don't believe the parts exist. If they do, they have been paid for and no one, particularly in America, is going to go more than 12 hours before calling in the lawyers if a manufacturer is refusing to hand over goods that have been paid for. what i understand from the comments , we can't refund our money and we can't complain thats not any kind of satisfacoty accounting at all! independent financial review asap. pie charts and line charts are not enough!! these mock-ups can be faked as easy as making a demotivate poster. and what about pics of all the parts. its unbelievable that you don't have more pics of raw parts. everybody has a smartphone or a tablet, I imagine tech nerds like yourselves have several each. the reposting of old pics which in no case shows the thousands of units you claim to had spent our money on is really a weak point in your story! you cant possibly expect the backers to take your word for it. I mean, some backers are, but enough of us arent and are saying over and over that you need to show us records and photos of the parts you claim are being held ransom.. as far as Im concerned, your still in violation of KS terms and conditions to deliver, refund, or give a proper rundown of what went wrong where. you cant deliver, you cant/wont refund, and your story so far is woefully insufficient. and to even think of willfully entering a confidentiality agreement to regain access to (possibly) a few hundred more unit while leaving the rest of us out in the cold is worth condemning. dont do it, and please provide real finances and real photos showing our money is siting in boxes unable to be assembled. CST, if you were screwed over by a manufacturer or a few of them then you owe it to us to tell us every last detail. This project is dead so there are no more bridges to burn. @Blake Chang - did you not read their last couple of updates? I need a refund. Please contact me. My read is similar to @corporate3-6 in that Flextronics took you for a ride. Unless you have some basis to believe that you will be able to obtain funding elsewhere I do not see it as worth signing any agreements with ?Flextronics? to not discuss certain manufacturing issues. Re: -- But, in order to ship the in-process and completed units, our manufacturer is requesting we sign an agreement that would prohibit us from talking openly about some of the challenges we’ve faced during our manufacturing journey. I think the situation is worse than people are realizing. Of the $1.5 million, you spent roughly $1 million of it on parts (batteries, displays, IC's, bands). These parts are at Flextronics, you don't have possession of them. Flextronics bilked you out of much of the remaining $500k but weren't able to produce watches reliably. Now they are saying you owe them a bunch of money - and they aren't going to release the 135 completed watches or the 200 in process watches unless they get paid. Presumably, they are also holding your parts and tooling hostage, right? If not, why haven't you gone there and collected your parts and tooling personally? That is the only tangible thing you have of value. Some questions stand out... -Why did you accept 20% failure from eInk displays? Even if nothing was specified about this in the T&C, there is still an expectation that purchased goods work. You were too concerned with damaging the relationship that you let them take advantage of you (and the backers)? That is absurd. -Did you not discuss the goals, costs and responsibilities with Flextronics? It seems like you worked on a "time and materials" open-ended basis, but you had a very limited and fixed budget to spend on R&D. That is incompatible with T&M work. It sounds like you got totally take advantage of by Flextronics and have wound up in a situation where they have $1 million worth of backers goods that they aren't going to give back willingly. And FWIW, one of CST's responsibilities to backers is taking us along for the ride including disclosure of problems. You already screwed up this responsibility earlier by refusing to deliver bad news when you were aware of it. But to agree not to disclose the full accounting of what happened to 100% of backers just so that 4% of backers might get a watch is absolutely not acceptable. Also, do you have some kind of prospectus of proposal for Plan A/B/C? I do some venture capital investment and I work with other VC's in the NYC area. I also have a business relationship with a USA based watch company and with the CEO of one of the largest watch companies in the USA (publicly traded, multi-billion dollar company - not a small independent shop). I am possibly interested in seeing if there is any interest in either the watch company taking over the reigns or perhaps in a group of interested VC's in putting together a package to take this idea over... but there is a lot more info needed. They dont even have the balls to respond to questions RIP __________________________________________________________________ Jamie O'Rourke about 8 hours ago You say that the battery manufacturer went out of business so you couldn't buy any batteries - so how do you account for the $600,000(was it?) in parts that you have paid for if you actually haven't bought the parts? I don't think this started off as a scam, but it certainly is now. Every update is laced with lies and every update fails to provide any tangible evidence of your claims. I don't care about 170 odd dollars I spent, I shit more than that before breakfast, but what I do care about is being scammed and lied to. I genuinely believe that you screwed up well over a year ago, ditched the project and syphoned off the money for yourselves. _______________________________________________________________ ^ What he said. CST claims to have spend hundreds of thousands of Dollars on material already (!) The material gotto be somewhere. Pictures of that material, batteries, bands and displays. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please. If not I must assume CST hasn't bought it and pocketed the money instead. I have seen things like this in India. You pretend something goes south and with it the money you used to buy all these things along the way and then the company has to take the loss while the CEO and people who organized it share the money which was never spend in the first place. An easy deal to go south is if your company buys a private startup with an IT idea maybe not even implemented and overvalues it. The company spends 10 Million on whats worth 1. The startup owners and the buying company head(s) share the 9 Million difference and the buying company's other shareholders takes the loss. They'll be angry at the bad investment choice but cant prove that their own leaders got a cut from the startup company and knew it would fail. It feels counterproductive to fail on purpose, but that makes it such a genius trick. Not saying it happened here but until proven otherwise people will speculate the worst. Seriously, is it to much to ask to see some picture of all the thousands of parts which have been bought already according to the charts? I've mentioned it before: Kickstarter ought to donate the money earned from failed projects like this one to charity. One can argue the definition of fail in some cases...but by their own admission the creators are pretty much through... Thats right, they freakin changed the design which cost more money, stupid, that probably played a huge role Our best course of action is to make absolute certain that every conceivable tech company knows their history, and precludes them from working in design and tech EVER again. I've reached out to exec friends at IDEO to make certain they're permanently unwelcome at their old employer. They wanted $200K. They got 5X that, and now they say they need another $1M+? Fuck'em. Enjoy working at McD's the rest of your life Vondle et co. As I said before kickstarter made around 50k from this campaign (Amazon another 50k). Projects that grow to this size kickstarter should have some governance over to ensure that failing projects are wound up as early as possible to return as much money to backers as possible. Ie acting in the best intrest of the backers. Instead they just wash their hand with it. This project failed well over a year ago. The creators knew this, and what upsets me is their dishonest approach in hiding it. Misleading (boarding on fake) updates. Fake reviews, pictures of people they work with watch saying I got mine, the list goes on.... Cst-01 the first million dollar kickstater bust....... I sent them multiple requests for refunds way before they started living in a van according to the timeline they sent. They just straight up ignored me. I agree with Sean. We don't have much recourse but we can do whatever it takes to make sure they don't do this again. The screwed us from the get go with their poor project management. They led us to believe the watch was production ready and that they had the expertise to drive this to completion. Over a million dollars squandered because these guys were just faking it in hopes they would make it. I'm amused by the backers still posting here "please contact me for a full refund", "please give me a refund". Geez, take the time to read the update. Do you actually think anyone is going to get a refund now? Dont waste your finger energy asking. @Sean Exactly!! We know it's an investment. It doesn't absolve them of responsibility. I am growing tired of reminding people of the binding contract Vondle, O'Leary, and their LLC, CST, entered into by accepting our $$ via Kickstarter. People like to say "this is not a store", as if that absolves creators of any sort of responsibility to fulfill their rewards. That is not the case, and you should re-read the terms of use. As for refunds, yes...they're highly unlikely. That's what happens when you squander 1.5 million dollars. CST was a company created, at least initially, for the sole purpose of making this watch. it can now declare bankruptcy (literally...they are bankrupt), and have their outstanding debts (to us) forgiven. And then it can just fold and disappear into the ether, never to exist again. Well, that may be true, but we can make sure they can't do this again. the magnitude of this failure is sort of staggering. project over 500% funded, creators unable to execute because of fundamental design flaws, supposedly hammered out over 2 years ago. We must make sure people know this. THAT is our recourse here. edit -- I see it says sold out -- at least they stopped doing that So question. Why are you still taking pre-orders on your website?? This is not eBay, nor Amazon. And certainly not Wallmart. You are backing an idea, a project. Giving the chance to people to start a new venture, company. Launch a new product. Without the need of going to a bank (that mostly don't give money anymore). We all were happy when they introduced the new titanium band. We all believed in the project, and loved the design... Please, please... stop comparing it with a smartwatch. THIS ISN'T A SMARTWATCH. This is a normal watch, no competitor for the Apple Watch, Samsung Gear, Moto360,... This is a normal watch, competing with other watches that only show you what time it is. So how can it be late to the party? Or is it absolutely obsolete...? If you didn't understand that in the beginning... Well, learn to read. Also, if they say they have no money left to finish the watches... How do you think they will give you a refund??? How stupid can you be... It's like suing your bank because your stock/actions didn't do well... Is this a scam? I don't think so. The only thing I would say is they lacked communication with their backers, and they should have informed us way sooner. Is this lack of communication making me sad/angry/...? Yes! Am I sad I'm (probably) not getting the watch? Yes! I love watches, and this one would have certainly been a eye catcher, a conversation starter. Is my life ending now I'm (probably) not getting the watch? No! Life is still good, soon we'll have something called summer (sounds better then it is, here in Belgium). As a European, I'm happy to have what I have: a good health, a house, education for my children, super friends, a well filled fridge, acces to social security, a job,... (The people in Nepal have reasons to complain... not us! And certainly not because we have gambled! Backed an idea, a concept) Am I in financial problems now that I'm (probably) not getting the watch? No... If I was (now or then), then I should not have invested in this project, but I should have bought food instead, or just saved the money for better times. Did I loose faith in Kickstarter and their other projects? Hell no! There are still great companies launching new ideas. Very happy for example with FŪZ Designs and their Noke... backing almost all their projects, and loving everything they have send so far. And waiting with patience for their latest baby. (Also, their communications skills are amazing! Almost replying to every backer, and this every day! Since their first project, till their last.) I am pretty sure that a refund is not a possibility because all the money has been spent on tooling. probably won't invest in another project here. Would much rather pay a premium later buying it from a retail store but i won't have my money stolen. Please could you contact me ASAP with regard to issue me with a full refund. Thank you @Conflict Games - just curious - if you sign a contract, and then two years later the company changes the contract that they use - how exactly does that matter to you?! CST signed up and accepted funding under a set of terms. Those terms have not changed. . New projects are bound by the new terms, legacy products by the terms in effect when they agreed to them. So no, CST has not complied with the terms. @stanteate i also voted for the thicker watch. but if this is a fraud, which hasn't been refuted, they maybe bought more time with this survey. I would believe that most backers would have accepted a >>slightly<< thicker watch, because we already waited for too long by then. Please please please issue me a refund. I beg ! Jeez! $1,026,292 busted! That is some mismanagement of capital. I was really excited for this watch, it was one of my first backed projects. I was really hopefuly before the past two updates when they said they were shipping. This royally sucks. I backed the moment watch and its looking like itll be the same thing with them soon. Aren't you proud that you spent so much time and money trying to get this watch thin that you ran out of money. As a backer, I want to thank you for wasting my pledge. I would have been very happy with a thicker watch that should be on my arm right now. But Noooo, you had to make the tolerances so strict that the project is a bust. All you people that just had to have a really thin watch, how does it feel, that empty spot on your wrist. Thank you too for making my watch a bust too. This campaign has enough really stupid people who had to have the thinnest watch so now only the few privledged will ever realize this dream. Thank you. This is me being respectful, just as respectful as those who wasted my pledge. @Lukas, They sold the project on the basis that the product was ready for mass distribution. It wasn't, that was a lie, they took people's money based on a lie. They have provided no actual evidence that they have actually made more than a few dozen watches nor proper evidence of where the money went. @Conflict Games "Until last October, Kickstarter’s terms of use stipulated that project creators had only two options to discharge their obligations: ship or refund. Today, in response to situations like CST, creators can refund, ship or explain, and if a full audit — financial or narrative — shows that the creators have made “every reasonable effort” toward a decent outcome, the backers are encouraged to feel satisfied." That is correct. But they haven't made every reasonable effort. There is no paper trail - only their home made graphs, there is no evidence that the purchase claimed exist, only photos from years ago. They haven't made every reasonable effort and therefore are liable. Just because we invested and took a risk, doesn't alleviate the creator of their duty and obligations. never backing any kickstarter campaign after this.. if someone fucks up with 1.5 million in pocket while the campaign only needed 0.2 million could only mean that we were dealing with immature kids .. clearly they had no financial plan , nor known their limits ! they have take so many wrong decisions over the years that they never needed. Refund the money to everyone or you will not like what is going to happen .. I am a filthy rich arab that does not mind spending more money just to sue your brains out and see you in prison. Find an investor or a solution .. you seriously do not want to mess with me. Oh and this is exactly what venture capital in all about. Some times things just don't work out. Ok so option A is perhaps the best for the average backer but I am still down for option C. Any chance CST will make an appearance on Shark Tank? I can see why CST would hate to go with option A, but it's clear that option A is the best chance us backers have of ever getting what we were promised. It's sad that CST are thinking that getting a few hundred of the roughly 8000 watches made and then folding is in some way better than nothing. For the backers that receive nothing it's not better at all. And that would be most of us. So option A is the way to go, if the manufacturer is really prepared to take such a damaged project and inject further, serious sums of money into it – something no sane person or persons would do without first obtaining full IPR and control of the process. Until last October, Kickstarter’s terms of use stipulated that project creators had only two options to discharge their obligations: ship or refund. Today, in response to situations like CST, creators can refund, ship or explain, and if a full audit — financial or narrative — shows that the creators have made “every reasonable effort” toward a decent outcome, the backers are encouraged to feel satisfied. With this update CTS has attempted to complied to latter option. Therefore, kickstarter will not help here and legal action is likely a further waste of time and Money. So we backers just got burned and that is the bottomline. Of course it's a disappointment for me seeing this project probably fail and loosing my money rather than getting a CST-01. But that's nothing in comparison with the sadnees and anger I feel after reading so many of these self–righteous comments, claiming the project owners did lie, were scammers, should have this and should have that. Of course they made mistakes, and probably even big ones. But that's what Kickstarter is all about - supporting people with crazy innovative ideas, who believe that they can execute it, but clearly haven't done anything alike before. It's a big risk for them - and my pledge just takes a little bit of that risk out of their pocket into mine. The only case I would call a scam is someone taking my money and using it for something different than the project. Everything else, bad choices of suppliers, not watertight contracts, overestimating abilities and underestimating costs, difficulties to admit to the crowd that things are outgrowing them, reluctance to stop a downhill development - all mistakes, yes, but all part of the risk. If you can't stand this risk with some of your $$, simply don't participate in crowfunding. Just keep your money and wait for the product to appear on the market - and if that never happens, you won't have lost a single cent. It's a sad sad thing I must say. But alas, if it fails to come to pass, it won't be my first crowd funding bust. That being said, I'm all for option A. My last bust may well be saved by such an option. I do not distrust these guys at all, and I believe that they've worked as long and as hard as they have said they did. Perhaps it's time for some good luck all around. Only time will tell. Eh. Sometimes projects fail and money is lost. I could pretend to be mad, but I'm not I wonder if CST-101 is really Lima in disguise. These two projects have stopped me from ever backing a KS project again. You seriously pissed away *all* your money (or rather, our money) and have no product(s) to show for it. WTF? i really hope Option A comes to fruition. even 2 years later i want this watch :( @Jamie, thanks! I figure that getting to the truth will need some superhero identity. After many years of frustration, I felt that the public should know what we all went through. Really glad I was able to get screwed by crowd funding too! Never again for f#@k's sake. Well, Dave and Jerry have been irrevocably screwed by Flextronics. This is the unfortunate consequence of knowing nothing about Manufacturing when you hire a contract manufacturer (who can't make your product), knowing nothing about Supply Chain when you contract with parts manufacturers (who won't ship you reliable parts), knowing only about circuit and visual design when you're building a real product. I don't think these guys ripped me off. I do think they didn't know how to build their business, and they didn't collect the right backing and team of people to do it. They're not the first group of dreamers to discover that they only had half the investment they needed to build their dream. Unfortunately for me, they're the first group of dreamers who screwed it up royally using my money. But at least I got to enjoy a Matt Foley flashback, courtesy of Update #31. It's not much for $129, but it's something. Complete & utter nonsense! Good to see these fuckers faces on the news, I hope their parents are really proud of their "Achievements".................... Spread the word - <url>"Bad batches", or non-conforming product, would be the manufacturers responsibility to replace. NOT having a contract like that in place is 100% the fault of CST. I'd push for jail time, they are defrauding people. The claims at the start of this project were that the product was ready for commericalisation, that's why I invested, that's why we invested. It was a lie from the start. The fact that they are now using old photos from, literally, a year ago, just proves that they are intentionally trying to mislead people. Oh crap, again We win a lawsuit against the company, if the company has no assets then what. Unless you can prove intentional fraud it's difficult to penetrate company veil. When you do, like I said there's nothing there, then it will be stand in line for nothing. I've sued companies over and over and there broke and get nothing out of it. Harsh reality of things. Sucks The new update is full of lies - yet again. And now they claim the "manufacturer" wants to put a gag order on them so they can't speak to us - for absolutely no reasonable reason. The photos are from previous updates, even years ago. You photo "Ready to be shipped" was posted back when you claimed to be shipping last time in February <url>"That estimate is currently at 200 units per week. As we work on the line training operators, actual production including yield was only 130 over the past 2 weeks. " Which means it has taken you - apparently - 4 weeks to make 5 more. As you now state you have 135 ready to ship. Again, no photos of actual parts, just rehashing the same old photos from previous updates - I mean who does that and thinks no one will notice? At this point, I fully support anyone taking legal action. More deceit, more lies, more excuses. From each update there seems to be issues with manufacturers, high parts failures and breakages. Why are are they not being held accountable for there screw ups. I honestly feel bad for csr, I do, it sucks Im not getting my watch but I do feel bad. I would accept my watch without beautiful packaging and maybe even unassembled with a good tutorial how to assemble it myself. Better that, than nothing... Maybe set up a survey for that? GAME OVER I didn't think this could get any more comedic. To add; WE KNOW it's an investment, we know it's a risk (seriously, shut up already). Just because it's an investment doesn't mean people don't have to fulfil their side of the deal and can run off with the money. Also, props to the Chung for the Captain America top :D @Robert - excellent progress and what a surprise, the media comes knocking and they go runnig - again. NBC Chicargo Investigates (video segment) <url>– I believe the credit card companies will see to that. Unfortunately that's not the case for Kickstarter payments by credit card, as we well know to our cost... It seems I was one of the lucky ones. I received my CST-01 in early February. Unfortunately, it is too small for my wrist. I emailed CST immediately, hoping to exchange for a larger size, but of course I never heard back from them. It is a black CST-01, size medium. New-in-box; in fact, never left the box except for the one time I tried it on. Anyone interested? Perhaps one of the backers willing give more money to CST to (hopefully) get a finished product? Here is your finished product. If interested, email Burns! at cst4sale (at) gmail (dot) com. If they are returning the money to pre-order customers then that means they have little intention of fulfilling their obligation to build a working watch for any of us. They have given up trying and are covering themselves. They said they had a finished design and we were just funding the final production run. Instead they spent it all on R&D. What R&D is required if you have a final design. Something doesn't smell right! If CST is refunding pre-orders it just proves they lied in the last update where they claimed to be out of cash. They would have needed to still have the 300,000+ to return. @vision - pre-orders are legally binding sales, whereas whatever you call the money you give (donate, gamble) via kickstarter is much more ambiguous. I believe you are 100% correct, and what you saw in your refund is CST covering their asses from those most likely to have a case against them. @corporate3-6 LOL. Thanks for the smile. Lack of "testicular fortitude". Very funny but probably true. Hello visioen Thanks to Pay-pall and not CST you and I and others got the refund! What a mess. @Hong, If you were the investor, would you invest more money in these guys? They have taken in $1.5 million for a project they claimed to be able to complete with $200k. They have botched the management of the funds and project so completely that they have nothing to show for the money and no product to give to backers, and they are 2 years behind schedule. In investment terms, these guys are radioactive. Giving them money to build this watch would be like hiring Casey Anthony to babysit, or Benie Madoff to handle your investments. These guys have PROVEN they do not have the skills to make a project happen. You would be better investing in a couple of guys off the street - at least that way you have a small chance it works out - rather than investing in people who have proven they can't get it done. In addition to that, if anyone was ever going to invest in this project, you would have a massive liability of $1.5MM hanging over your head. Even if you could sell the watches for $500 each AND solve the yield problems... that $500 watch will net less than $250 to CST when sold to distribution, and the cost is $170-200 to produce. So the $50 to $80 profit per watch means they would need to sell twenty five THOUSAND watches just to make enough to pay for the production of the 8,500 watches needed to fill backer orders/preorders. The project is dead. It is beyond dead. The only reason these guys haven't said that outright is because they are either lack the testicular fortitude to be honest with their backers, or they lack the ethics to tell everyone the truth, and/or they are so concerned with self preservation and the avoidance of lawsuits that they don't give enough of a shit about any of us to let us know it's over and they aren't going to do anything further. Interesting: Apri 26th, 2014 (!) I had pre-ordered the "Universal Wall Adapter" on the CST page and 31$ were debited on my credit card at that time. Now, exactly one year later, April 25th, 2015 I could see on my credit card account that these 31$ have been refunded by CST via PayPal. Don't know how CST is able to refund anything without having 1$ in their pocket... but it seems to be a sign that the project finally is dead. Until today I still had the hope that they are somehow able to make the watch. I don't care about 244$ which I have lost since I was aware about the risk.... But it would be fair enough if they would close the project now finally. I've been following the creators updates (however infrequently they occurred) from the inception of this project and I am now left equally amused and disappointed. Amused as to the inability to focus on the goal of satisfying their promise of manufacturing and shipping this special watch given their initial confidence they could do that. Talk about misplaced self-assessment. Disappointed in thier final communication which passed off thier lack of foresight and experience as circumstances which were beyond their control. Success has many parents but failure is an orphan. CST you logged in again today 5-1-15. How about some pictures of the parts you claimed to have purchased? @Ho Kong, No sensible business person is going to invest in this. After they squandered over a million for a project they ear marked at 200k. They haven't even shown evidence of having bought all the components or the 50 odd % of batches that were completed. Only a fool would give them more money at this stage Get your investor (not us obviously) for another round of funding. Fix the production limitation, complete your product, and then you can sell it to the true market, by then you would be able to make some profit for your investor. Maybe also develop an upgrade version of this which could have solved the production efficiency problem. If you give up now, you are not cheating us but also ruining your name and your company's name. I am saying this in no disrespect. I have waited obviously long enough and this makes me quite disappointed as others will do too. but I do want to see the final product which would still be very a cool product if it can be completed. I hope you can pick yourself up and do whatever you can to make it happen. I can understand how much stress you are under right now, let's not make it worse by giving up. So who gets one of the few you are managing to put together successfully? Friends? Family?Backers? Or will you give them to the pre-order customers to avoid legal problems? What priority are you going to give to people who made the project possible. Maybe you should send out in order of pledges whichever colour you have. There is no satisfactory way for this to conclude by the looks of it yet according to you there are watches being completed, so where are they? <url>"Just as Mr. Vondle and Mr. O’Learly have been aloof with their backers, they’ve given the cold shoulder to The New York Observer as well. Even as we’ve told them a story on the questions surrounding their campaign would be published regardless of their decision to participate or not, they denied to be interviewed on multiple occasions. They also refused to provide any evidence to back up the charts and graphs they claim explain their expenditures." Vondle and O'Leary in update #30 (2 weeks ago) "We understand your frustration and hope that by pulling back the curtain to talk about the problems we have encountered, we will be able to communicate what is keeping us from getting these watches out currently. We will continue to be as transparent as possible in future updates." @Timothy, I'm from the UK and while there's not a lot we can do to progress things, if it goes to a class action we could get something back. I had shares in Wachovia - a bank in the States that crumbled - and was sent a letter and claim amount relative to my investment of shares in the company when it went under. At last the media is picking up on this. I know that as a backer in Sweden there is no chance of anything in the future. If they do deliver any bands, it will be to the US backers to stop lawsuits and I will get nothing. I wont put anymore money in to this - too many lies. I would support a US lawsuit with a bit of extra money - just to see that these two men get what they deserve, a reputation as people who lie, dont deliver, dont commnicate and steal. At no point have they even offered to mail me the parts they have bought with my money! I like how KS ask me to be repsectful and considerate.... shame it makes no requirements on the likes of scumbag and thief. Awesome article. Very objective. Shared it with all my social media connections. (LinkedIn, FaceBook, Twitter and Google+) The more people know the better, helps them with Kickstarter in general and our two guys in particular. Ryan M| That was a very good article. I hope more media will pickup on this. In case nobody noticed this yet: <url>"watches" for $40 - will give you another couple of watches to wait for. Why cant we find the FCC license which CST claimed in an update to have filed a year ago? If during that time they already knew it wouldn't work out then it makes sense if they didn't apply for an FCC license. Also if they knew the watch would need a few changes they also shouldn't have filed anyways before the design is 100% final. Coincidently (?) around that time Updates also became very rare and less detailed. Would the FCC be on their case if they released the watch without a license? Probably, if they ever came to know. Also, did CST actually release the watch without an FCC license or just give a few prototypes to friends and family? CST please provide us the FCC License Number (or proof of filing for one) as you are required by law, if you actually have one. If you don't do that you are either breaking the law or we must believe you have none and wrongly claimed to have spent a few thousand on that License and probably put it in your own pocket. Which one is it? Did they really buy all the $600k parts already like shown in the pie chart? Where are they? Can we see? I believe there wasn't bad intend at the beginning but towards the middle they might have found a way to keep a few hundred thousand dollars for themselves after they saw they cant succeed. One way would be to claim to have spent more $ than what they actually have. Backers would be sad they spend so much but still have to take the "loss" while our two friends could have a nice live for a couple of years. So lets ask them to show us all the $600000 worth of 8000 bands, e ink displays, and batteries. CS, T Pictures please and maybe some receipts, even if they are in Chinese. Why were they spending on money on R&D when we were told at the very start the product was ready for mass production and only needed funding to manufacture? those 2 CST jack xss needs to do a few things 1a) ship which ever parts they bought as a package to all backers or 1b) sell all the parts they bought, and then refund the backers 2) do neither the above, both creators holding hands jump off a bridge, and make a live stream video while doing it we need to sue these guys if they do none of the above, they do not own those parts they bought using our money (as they claim using 1M dollars), i am pretty sure those materials and tooling are worth at lease 200K~500K, any lawyer would be interested to make a name from this "1 million dollars Kickstarter Scam class action", that lawyer can make his name nation wide on paper + liquidate the so call bought parts/tooling for his payment, if this happen, i do not need my refund, i can enjoy the ride, the real ride, imagine paying that USD$140 to have these guys prosecuted, jail time ! bend down and get your soap xssholes Jerry & Dave @Michael, I agree with your intuition that suggests gross incompetence. I don't think for a moment that these guys intentionally scammed anyone. However, I do believe they did some things which were almost certainly against the duty of care they were obligated to provide. I also think they almost certainly made material misrepresentations and I believe they almost certainly did so to avoid a "backer revolt". I don't think they did it out of malice, but rather because it was not their money and it's much easier to take a risk when you're gambling with someone else's money, and it's much easier to get someone else to join you in a risk if they don't realize the extent of that risk. Another facet of this is that engineers and designers are often/usually bad businesspeople. The phrase "real artists ship" is a very important one. Engineers too often like to play with the latest gadgets and toys and take their eye off the ball. That doe-eyed naivete combined with lack of business skill leads to outcomes like these. The problem is that CST haven't communicated the true status throughout the project, and they have outright refused to come on here and answer backer questions as is their duty to do so (AFAIK) based on their contract with KS. My understanding - based on what CST has said - is that they have some parts and tooling, but are currently out of funds and have no more money to pay for the remaining needed parts/production labor. According to the latest financial update that details where the $1.4MM went, they state over $1MM went to parts. Considering that $1MM spend is why they claim to be out of funds, it means they should have $1MM worth of "assets" to show for our money. Those assets aren't worth $1MM to anyone but CST, but they aren't worthless either. Where CST has left things is grossly insufficient. If they do not intend to continue this project or they feel they can't, then they need to account for that $1 million in parts. They also have a fiduciary duty to the backers to liquidate that inventory for the highest price possible and make all backers as whole as possible. There really needs to be a lawsuit stated immediately, because now that CST have essentially thrown their hands up and said "we're done", the second part of the KS TOS kicks in... "bring the project to a successful conclusion or refund backers...". Since successful conclusion is clearly not going to happen, the big question is what happens to the $1 million in parts they bought? I think the reality is probably that they never actually bought the parts and the $$ they spent on R&D, flights, hotels, office expenses and 'stuff' is massively higher than they are saying, but they didn't want to say that so they inflated the cost of the parts to make it look as if the $$ is gone. But we're talking a million dollars here that they claim to have in assets, which is enough to refund $125 per backer on average... so it sure sounds worth a lawyers time on this one. Of course. paid for Pizza and it never came you get your money back even if it was the delivery guy's gross incompetence. @corporate3-6 You assume in that last post that they are capable of realizing such a thing. The more I think about the current situation, my brain steers more away from fraudulent behavior and more towards gross incompetence. So, the big question is, can you win a class action suit against stupidity? So a little bit of math and mental exercise... They had 7,250 watches to deliver to fill their KS orders, and they say after fees, they received 923k. That's $127 per watch. In the last update, they say a yield of 56% plus higher parts costs than expected have pushed the COGS of the watch (parts + direct labor) to "around $300". That means that if their yield was 100%, the watch would still cost (COGS) $168 to manufacture. But they only got $127 per watch from the backers. If they run a tight ship then a low overhead cost would be 15% (likely unachievable with all the travel they needed to do) and let's say they were planning on zero profit on the KS orders and it was just to get the watches manufactured. That $168 then works out to $197 per watch. And that is with ZERO money spent on tooling, engineering, R&D, etc. My point is that *VERY* early on, they had to know they did not have the cash to manufacture these watches. They must have known that within a period of a few months after the campaign ended. Even if they initially thought their COGS would be $50 and they had a lot of wiggle room - as soon as the "lines on the chart crossed" between their manufacturing cost and their available funds, they knew they were short. The moment that happened, they had a fiduciary obligation to the backers to let them know the status of the project. It is unconscionable that they could possibly get all the way to "zero left in the bank and we haven't started manufacturing yet" without knowing - for MONTHS OR YEARS - that this brick wall was approaching. Neil (and others talking about throwing more money in) - did you not read the April 13th and April 17th updates? Assuming you believe them to be factually true (and that the truth isn't worse than the updates state), then... The April 13th update states that the yield is only 56%, meaning that the effective parts + labor cost of each watch is over $300USD (not including shipping, overhead, warranty costs, transaction fees, etc). The April 17th update states that all the money is GONE. It has all been spent. That means that the additional amount you would need to put in to receive a watch is $300USD + shipping. That would get you a CST-1 in its current form with no warranty, no support, no right of return, etc. And from other backers, the CST-1 in its current form has issues. From what I have seen, all those who have received them have said the fit and finish and longevity of the watch is so bad that it either didn't work out of the package or it was peeling apart in a matter of days. Can you please explain to the rest of us why you are advocating people spend an additional $300 + shipping for a product that doesn't hold up, would have no warranty, etc? Neil, Read Jamie's comment above yours. He is totally right. Lets not go full retard here. Giving them money? not a chance. Someone does a runner with your money and you want to give them more? lol The lunacy of some of the people is insurmountable Sorry guys, got the Link wrong, try this... <url>"Fake it till you make it" <url>"we tried everything we could, but it happened like this anyway" - essentially absolving themselves of blame. I would be happy to have "gone along for the ride", except we didn't... because they didn't give nearly enough updates. And I don't accept the closure of "we tried but it just didn't work out". I don't believe $1.4 million isn't enough to get a watch like this rolled out. I am an electronics product designer and I've brought a few dozen products to market over the past 15 years. It's hard. Really hard. And I fumbled my first few attempts and made some of the same mistakes these guys did. I am not surprised they didn't make it. But this seeming lack of taking responsibility bothers me. I want a better analysis - from the creators - of what they did wrong and what caused it to go off the rails. My gut feel is that they fell victim to some of the usual pitfalls -Not having enough knowledge about the amount of work left to do or the cost of that work, leading them to believe they were comfortably funded when they were way behind -Allowing feature creep (changing the bands, batteries, etc) -Not getting fixed price commitments from suitable suppliers. It's not enough to buy a part, you need to buy a solution to an issue. If the solution doesn't work, the supplier is on the hook to solve it. When you buy a part, YOU are on the hook to make it work. They bought parts, not solutions. -Not communicating. It's hard to face the music when things are going sideways, but if the money is spent, then they knew many months ago they would not complete the project. After all, they know what production will cost and as soon as they have spent such that there is not enough to pay for production, they know they can't deliver to all backs. THEY made the *conscious* decision to keep going at that point (taking risks with backer money that backers were unaware of and hadn't agreed to), and they made the conscious decision not to tell backers they were now in "we are short on funds so something's gotta give" territory. That was not their decision to make, frankly. Anyway, people are talking about putting more money into this project to get their watches. Here's the problem - if it was a matter of covering the cost of production - that would be one thing. I wouldn't mind paying the production cost. But it's not a matter of financing production. Didn't you folks read the second to last update? Their yield is unworkable. Which means there are numerous and *serious* additional problems that must be resolved before they could even get to production. On top of that, the few backers who have gotten watches have *all* (apparently) said the quality is lacking and the watches didn't hold up. Dropping more money into this project won't help, because the problem was never lack of money. It was shoddy engineering, bad project management, feature creep, lack of control and accountability and lack of testing. Those issues *all* still exist. So even if these guys raised $1 million more, it wouldn't solve the problems. The engineering hasn't been completed such that a supplier (ANY supplier) could manufacture these watches. The yields they are talking about indicate they are far, far away from finishing the engineering - not to mention long term testing of units once yields are higher. It's too bad these guys weren't more forthright. A business associate of mine is one of the two guys who founded Fossil watches and he has the connections and $$ to make this happen. I was originally thinking of pinging him to see if he would be interested in getting involved in this... but there's no way anyone would want to be involved with this project where it stands now - these creators are radioactive and have a giant, massive outstanding liability ($1 million owed to backers, or watches). Even if someone came in and wanted to buy the batteries, displays, bands and PCB designs to do the watch themselves, they can't... because it would be fraud by conveyance to sell that stuff when they have a known and unsatisfiable liability of $1MM. @Neil The link works for me now. If we're going to do this CST style, you should close the survey before you get 10% of the backers to respond :p Sorry guys, got the Link wrong, try this... <url>– and reading that just makes me feel even more like a fool for thinking that this thing was ever going to be in our hands. CST — you need to step up to the plate and show evidence that you actually bought and possess(ed) enough of the materials to fulfill these rewards. Everyone here is asking for legitimate breakdowns of costs. It's going to need to be in the form of invoices, bills of lading for materials, and photo evidence that these materials exist... No more pie charts, no more generalizing categories. I don't think anyone here is buying the story that you lived off of $4,500 a year in Chicago, and that you were sleeping in a van down by the river. Even the smallest amount of research online finds that your "office" address was just your apartment above the Dill Pickle on Fullerton Ave. Burden's on you to prove us wrong. Wouldn't that be a nice slap in our faces? <url>"Still haven't found anything, but I'm sure they filed and got approval. I'd imagine the FCC would bury them if they actually released devices without approval ." That's the thing though isn't it, there's no evidence that they have released anything commercially :P has this been posted here yet? <url>"sorry we blew it and we have no money to give you guys"they still going to have a number of expensive machinery they purchased as part of this project and once this whole thing is gone, they will just sell them and walk away with a smile. I have zero faith and trust in them two and they already have cashed out on this project. That was one of the first things they did. They need to be made responsible. I'm with the other comments that want more photos of what things look like as of right now. JS: I think you are right CST has no creditably at all. For years they stated in interviews that they had a finished products that were shipping. They made claims of over $500,000 in pre-sales from their site. Now they claim only $322,000 and can't give any numbers on actual units shipped. I would like to see the actual parts that they said they purchased almost 2 years ago. I can't believe they would quit their full time jobs to live off their savings and a $4,500 per year salary. I know that if I had a successfully funded project of over 1.5 million, I would quit my old job and at least keep the same salary. If they were only making $375 a month, as they claim, they could make more delivering pizzas assuming the watch is functional and real, i still want it just for the cool factor. maybe a 2nd round of fundraising is needed? Still haven't found anything, but I'm sure they filed and got approval. I'd imagine the FCC would bury them if they actually released devices without approval . I'll let you know if I find something J S. So far nothing. Who can help me with finding the FCC application/approval/... on the FCC's search site? <url>#179. Even if everyone before me bought two (and that is being generous) I would have thought my number would have come up. I would love to get the watch I thought I was helping to get made, but if that cant happen then you could at least let me stop coming back here to be reminded of that 100 bucks I don't have anymore. ...and I'm still questioning why we're being shown photos of the back of a van and not the 120 complete watches a week that we were told were being made @Zac, they use AirBnB. I'm from the UK but from what I understand, AirBnB is a platform where you basically crash on a strangers sofa, it offers travellers much cheaper short term accommodation. I believe the claim is that they used the AirBnB network to find a user - the guy with the van - from whom they pay a small fee to use the van to sleep in. That said, the van is from SOSLaptops, reports indicate the owner is a convicted fraudster and the website has since been shut down, the owner of the van is based in Los Angeles, where as, we're told, David is sleeping in the van in San Jose, some 350 miles away. I too would still really like a watch and would be willing to contribute more to get it...Communications is vital. Thanks for the update... Based on the below, it looks a lot like the latest update is their first steps towards them covering their ass: 4. How Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. This is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Guys, The cannot walk away with over a million dollar! We cannot let that happen and they need to be made responsible. Why doesn't someone call the "bed van" company and get a listing of when it was actually rented and all call bluff on this story? If what we are being told is true, I doubt they will be able to secure further investment funds. What company or person is going to be willing to put more money into an idea that has not produced anything and has already blown through close to 1.5 million? The same thing goes with them selling out to a bigger company. Even if a company thought the watch would make them money, they would not be willing to take the responsibility for all of our watches. Face the facts guys, this is done. @Jamie I agree with that. In my opinion this increasingly smells of dishonesty. We are clearly never going to see our cash again and we were all aware of that risk but I'm reluctant to just let these creators walk away with over a million dollars of other peoples money. Welp, we're never getting the watches. Hoodwinked! I guess they ended up having an idea too good for their own good and were clearly ill-suited to the task. I am still wondering about their financial plan, if they ever had one. They said, they could produce the watch with 200k. Now they failed with 1.5 million. How far would they have come with the estimated 200k. @me, I say that, of course there is absolutely no proof that these 120 a week watches exist. We only have some words, a pie chart and a photo of the back of a van. Nothing from the manufacturing side of things or the actual product itself LOL @ CST I knew you guys are liars a year ago, after a detailed chart update way back, there weren't any supporting update in similar fashion, right there many backers smell the upcoming failure and asking for refund, yet, your team fails and fails hard. I like it, my money is finally worths the price by seeing you two fails, you two do not deserve success, fxxxing liars, thieves, ready to have the watch in production was BS, that means what we backers paid was to see you two failed, and it is now delivered, thx for fulfilling the rewards, usd$140+shipping after 2+ years to fail, a year ago you two already failed but do not wanted to admit, failed from start about ready to be in production, that's exactly how you two advertising this project, experienced and all of that BS. Try harder next time, you two are famous now, the 1 million dollars epic fails kickstarter project creators Dave & Jerry. Everybody in this business knows you two are rejects with no moral code, and there we gave you what you two wanted, fund you to failed and made you famous Last update you said you were getting a 50/55% yeild of final, shippable watches. So why are you showing us photos of the back of a van and not a photo of the ~1,000 watches you have now constructed ready for shipping? Here's a fun bit of maths for us backers. At ~120 watches a week, as claimed, gives us just over 1,000 watches ready to ship since that update. Preorders - people who bought the watch, not invested, you know, the ones actually from "a store", preorders are currently valued at $300 on the website. We know they took $322,000 in preorders, we know the watch's preorder value is $300 and, by the last update they've made 1,000 shippable watches.... $322,000 of preorders / $300 per unit = ~1,074 watches. If they're claims are correct, they've enough watches to cover the legal ramifications of not shipping to preorders. So, imo, if you preordered, you'll probably get this watch, if you backed it 2-3 years ago with the rest of us, you're watch is going to someone else. This is Fred from germany. Finacial Details Kickstarter 1026292$ for 7658 Backpackers = 7658 watches (?) Preorders $ 322487 mayby 2000 bayers = 2000 watches (?) So i think first round you have to deliver round about 9658 watches. So minimun 10000 parts of metal bands, E-Inks displays etc. must by sold, better 11000 or 12000 (miss production, selling after backpackers received their watch etc.). So there is E-Ink Displays with 330240 $. This is the price for 10000 / 11000 or 12000 units in your hand? You have them? Same with Batteries, Management IC, Metal Bands and so on. This costs is included the parts? You have the pieces there and you are not able to put them together (let them put together?). Or is the money lost by creating and you have no parts and you are not able to build a watch because of no more money to by parts like bands, batteries etc. I'm surprised that so many people here are "surprised" that this project is failed (has failed?). There are dozens upon dozens upon dozens of highly improbable Projects on Kickstarter (and even more on IndieGogo (e.g., Ritot projection watch, Smarty Ring), and more and more just skip the crowdfunding sites and launch their own pre-sales like Coin and Vessyl). Well... two or three years ago, Creators and Backers could be excused for making and accepting poor estimates of cost, complexity, and reward delivery dates); but now there is a vast trove of Project history that can be researched. Still: I will always put the biggest blame on Kickstarter and IndieGogo. They do NOT do enough to convince their Customers (the KS and IGG fees come out of our credit card payments BEFORE they get to the Creators, so WE are the Customers) that this is "not a store" and rather it is a gambling site. Creators should be FORBIDDEN from offering any non-produced product as Rewards. Seriously. The Projects should not be allowed to post ANY estimated delivery dates, any "discount from retail", etc., etc. -- all those things imply a contract of Sale. Kickstarter is raking in millions of dollars -- but that will slowly (too slowly...) dwindle as more and more folks get disillusioned -- or just get SMART -- and realize that no retail discount is worth the risk, and being an "early adopter" is just stupid. Patience is a virtue. Retail prices can never be determined until the market is established and the bulk manufacturing costs finalized ... so discounts are an illusion and a fraud. The PR machine (i.e., the media) is also culpable. Gawker, CNET, blah, blah, blah, all live for free content and so they run the press releases for these Projects without any editing or journalistic research. More often than not they write about the product in the CURRENT TENSE (i.e., "this watch IS great!"), thus playing a big part is misleading the public. These media outlets and blogs don't revisit the Project from time to time and never publish an apology when these epic fails happen. Shame on them all. Time to pull out the "I've put USD144 for a CST-01 and all I got was this t-shirt (and a font pack)" t-shirt. Joke aside, I think its good for everyone involved, CST and backers to reflect on the 2-plus year stroll to the finish line that ultimately ended up falling and breaking their legs a couple of hundred meters from said finish line: On a personal level, the project had hit its end of the road much earlier than the official announcement today. During the time CST started its stroll, we saw the evolution of smartwatches from "geek toy" status to "fusion of form and function". The arrival of the Moto 360 proved that style and functionality need not be mutually exclusive in digital timepieces, and that I felt, was the final nail in the coffin for the CST-01. It had nothing beyond bragging rights that it was an stylish, expensive and anorexic Casio (that had even less functionality than). I would likely never see this watch in person, but I am not too perturbed about it at this point. The important thing is that both CST and backers learn from this and exercise more prudence in future Kickstarters. Signing off. =) To be honest, I didn't (and don't) give a rats ass about that ultra last sub millimeter thinner. Told you so in that poll there once was. By know - with a Band smartwatch since October - my take was "wait for it to come, then sell it to someone how does care about that thinnest in the world crap", because I did believe in this project. Now I find I should just have asked for that refund while the option was there. Good luck guys. If I ever get shipped a watch, fine. Otherwise I'll count this a write off. Best of luck with either that final stretch, or the fallout of failure... :-( What a dillema to be in, it seems to me that you have some important discissions to make. 1. raise additional funding yourselves to complet the project or 2. call it quits and recoup what you can by whatever means. If you are unable to raise the additional funding you need to ask the backers to chip in more funds. You must know by now how much more funding you need. Divide that amount by the number of backers bearing in mind that not all the backers will be willing to pay more for the watch. The backers choice will be to lose their original pledge or chip in more to receive a watch. I for one would be hapoy to contribute a kittle extra to finally get the watch. You have nothing to loose in asking all the original backers but a lot to gain. whatever your discission best of luck. I am shocked and disgusted to wake up to this come on guys, we need solutions and what's happening next not pie charts and a I don't know. How much would we all have to pay on top of our original investment to actually get this watch? Surely if you go bust someone will purchase the tooling and parts to ship them out right? Have you thought about selling your company and design to a brand that pays nothing for the purchase of the IP, tooling and parts you already have but has to honer the current pledges? Doesn't sound like a bad deal if I was Nike or some other big corporation. As unlikely as the watch? LMAO So...... The founders of CST quit thier full time jobs and lived on their personal savings and only took a salary of $4500 per year to work full time on the watch. Seems unlikely to me From their most recent update: "At the moment, we don’t have the reserve funds to make up for the yield and labor costs." Translation = we ran out of money and we won't be able to ship anyone their watches. I agree with others who posted comments in the past few hours, there's no financial accountability from them other than pie charts and lots of verbose text. If they can't ship any watches out then be honest and tell us. Also prove to us with photos of 120+ watches in their boxes ready to be shipped that you're actually doing producing the watches. It's a shame as I and the other 7,658 backers really believed in this watch and felt that Kickstarter was supportive of the backers. Unfortunately it appears that's not the case and we'll never receive our watches. At least they could provide some type of refund to us, even if it's not the full amount. It's sad that Kickstarter took the $100k from the funding (by us the backers) but seems to not care if the product ships or not. Convenient for them to have their T&C cover them but not us backers. If anyone reading this comment who's backed the watch and has actually received theirs can you comment and let all of us know? All startups are a risk; most don't make it. Whiners have the multiple loss of losing a hundred bucks or something and then spending thousand of dollars of time whining. They should be happy that they were given what they wanted--reason for a rant! (TURMOIL??--REALLY??) It was a great idea, great looking concept, but no fruition. Thanks for trying, and the great pix. Just a thought: a proper manager would have asked for a report of what's been done in the last week, how much time was spent on which task and which part took how much money. That would show clearly where things are going wrong. For backers who claim that CST ran away with money, there should be a clear way to verify this. Assuming CST acted professionally and kept receipts. A pie chart shows nothing. It doesn't say how much you spent on what and when. If it took you 6h to make this report it means you haven't had any internal control of spending for months (if ever) This user's account has been deleted. Please remove this from the project page. 7,658 backers pledged $1,026,292 to help bring this project to life. it should say: 7,658 backers pledged $1,026,292 and the owners deserve 10 to life. Okay, so let's be real. I love how Kickstarter gets $100k of our money and never returns an email. I also love how we have asked for refunds for the past 2 years and no reply. I must say that I will be more hesitant toward my next investment. It's just easier to wait until things reach market. I have written off the two watches I paid for. Kickstarter needs to visit their formula and do what they can to prevent this from happening before people just start scamming people with elaborate fake projects. There's no way you can dispute a credit card charge after 60 days. I'm sure the schemes are happening as I type this. @Tom - if you count vague and infrequent updates along with pictures of questionable authenticity "accountability and transparency" then they are simply struggling with a tough set of bad circumstances. If you start to question them, it becomes more than just a failed project, which has become the case as years and months have drug on past the expected delivery dates. The Kool-Aid is starting to taste bad to me. More power to you for still drinking it. Tom, your delusional optimism truly astounds me! :P You have told us that you are producing about 120 final, boxed, shippable watches a week. You told us that over 8 weeks ago. Can we see a photo of the 960 watches you've made that are to be shipped? Like with many Kickstarter projects, you aren't buying a thing, you are investing in an idea with the promise of a reward. If you couldn't afford to loose $100 then you probably shouldn't have backed the project (or any project). There is no point in **** about it, but rather requesting accountability and transparency (which they have done). I for one hope that these guys succeed and that the watches do get delivered. Keep going guys, get the watch done and get it out there. You have a multimillion dollar product that will set you up for life when it is finished. If you give up now that vision will never be realized and it would have been for nothing. You can do it! The lack of hard numbers about units shipped, and the convenience that they have "spent" the EXACT amount that wasn't contributed by an external investor, and the relatively easy to fake progress pictures scream of fraud. What legal recourse do the backers/investors have if we can prove a case of defrauding an investment base? I think we better call Saul. This has been nothing but either mismanagement or misinformation from day one. Can you ship me one of the defective units to prove actual production? I'll pay the shipping once it arrives, if they exist. Pie charts don't tell me anything, show us itemized accounting records. However, if it truly took you 6 hours + 2 days to produce some terrible pie charts, it explains why you both suck at this. Show us ANYTHING tangible, and maybe the backers won't be out for your blood. I like to give the benefit of a doubt whenever possible, but that ability is wearing thin after 3 years. I feel like I'd be less upset if my wife was cheating on me. That is simply immoral behavior, and not gross incompetence. Maybe the backers can start a GoFundMe for legal counsel. We will give adequate updates. < / rant> If only 35 watches were actually manufactured. That would make these extremely expensive around $41,000 each watch for production. Wow. Over a dozen backed projects, and sounds like you won't be able to come through. Only one other I backed fell through, but luckily I called my credit card company and had the amount credited. Problem now, I don't have that card anymore. Haven't backed , nor will back anything else since. Over a million, and nothing. C'mon! I call bs on this, it looks like a get out try. We were told the watch was ready for commercial production, it wasn't. We were told days ago that the lack of watches was due to a high failure rate - now we're told it's due to not having the parts We were told this was their full time job, we know they work elsewhere and the 18k salary supports this On February the 5th we were told the watches were shipping. Evidence indicates 35 went out. We were told this week that apx 120 are being manufactured to spec a week - why haven't these been shipped? There is no evidence that any watches have been shipped since. It is my opinion that the project was scrapped long ago and no watches have actually been made since the 35 that, I believe, is where the realisation that the project was a failure occurred. We're told they spend their time in California in San Jose. But the van David apparently sleeps in has a Los Angelas area code on the side - there's 350 miles between them A Google search for SOSLaptops comes back with complaints and fraud reports, not what you want to be associated with when your own project looks like a cop out. And let's face it, we've seen these guys, they look like they wouldn't buy coffee from a Wendy's let alone sleep in the back of a van. We are told they invested a lot of their own money into the project, probably did, but there's no evidence of that as it's not covered to any degree in the new financials. I'd also like to point out that they cut corners in the design and manufacturing process by doing things themselves. I propose that they neither had the knowledge or skill to accomplish this and this has been a factor in the failure of the project An impressive double update and some pretty charts. But come on. What is the excuse this time, the watches fail in manufacturing so the yeild is low or you can't afford to buy the parts? Because that's two different reasons for the same result. I would be curious how many watches were actually shipped to consumers. Those that received the watches got an amazing deal. The watch costs thousands of dollars each to manufacture and only cost 100 bucks. But it does look like the project is done. CST has met the obligations stated in the terms of service that if the project can not deliver the company has to detail where the money was spent. Creative accounting can make a pie chart look any way you want it to look Lol. You guys are a joke. Didn't you work for IDEO???!!?This is a terrible advertisement for that companies capabilities and the quality of the staff that they hire. Luckily Kickstarter has revised their policies so that dumbasses like you guys have to be vetted before you post. I don't know where this leaves us. 2 years of turmoil with nothing to show for it :'( The last paragraph of the last update basically spells it out. I say if you guys cannot finish the project sell the idea to someone who can. Take it to the shark tank and get it finished. BS Well looks like a few people received the watches. But the vast majority of us will not receive a watch unless the company finds an additional investor. Sounds to me like the money is gone and so is the possibility of getting the watch. I no longer invest I just star the project I like and check back later. If successful you can buy it often cheaper than the pledge. The majority I check back and see the same angry comments about failures, communication and creators going silent. Kickstarter is a risk and one I'm no longer willing to take. The two big failed projects for me are this and radiate. This really is against the idea of KS and such a shame as had a couple really good products but not helped by kickstarter themselves being so quiet when things go wrong, taking a lot of money and allowing fraud to happen. You have to remember that they will claim ex post facto of the current T&C. Under the old T&C (which the project was a part of at the time), it didn't really hold the Creator to be accountable if the project fails or becomes vaporware. That being said, the Creator should take it upon itself to update more frequently (it can be shorter) despite what the T&C says. As a community of backers, we are also essential to every KS project and keeping us in the dark does no one any good. As I see it, we should have the right to stay when to stop wasting our money. All they will do is eventually say "we want to give your money back, but there is nothing left...." if we don't act fast. So I think we should demand an update on how much is left and distribute that money back to us! There is no way that we will see any watched at the end of this pain. The yare dragging it along as long as they can. Lets stop them. @Jamie, very good points (well maybe not the last one!) The T&C from what I gather are: "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Given this it is entirely possible that the updates are pure fabrications to maintain a guise that the project is still progressing and thus the creators do not need to refund any money. This would be a sad state indeed and to what end I'm not sure. As for them being dishonest, again entirely plausible, I have no ability to comment on this one way or the other. If someone has the ability, access or information to do so accurately and objectively then please do. A note to the creators if they are reading this, maybe a video update would be more useful to prove that you aren't sitting on a beach drinking mojitos on everyone's dime? And I swear to god, if someone mentions "this isn't a store" again I'm going to punch them in the throat Kevin "You have not bought a product and are therefore not entitled to a refund. " Actually Kevin, if you read the KS Terms they are entitled to a refund. "If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: ***they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged).****" They've also failed on, "they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers" @Simon I see your points and your eloquent response. In all honesty my view is if the creators wanted to run away with the money they would, they have no reason to string anyone along and provide any updates what so ever. I say this from other experiences on Kickstarter where communication with the company has shutdown completely when faults started appearing with the product leaving people feeling much the same. My point is if you do believe that the project is a failure then just write it off as so. Legally you don't have any recourse, the 'whining' was aimed a the people shouting about refunds and issuing empty legal threats, it servers no purpose. To categorise this project as 'not that complex' is highly inaccurate, how many electronics products do you have that are sub 1mm with a rechargeable battery? It is an incredibly difficult task to bring a product to market especially one that is as complex as this. I don't deny this could be one long con and they are master internet trollers stringing us all along because they now have one million dollars and have nothing better to do. I really do hope that's not the case, I can't be sure, one thing I can be sure about is that shouting about refunds and requesting they shutdown the entire project doesn't achieve anything productive. <url>"cool" factor and will fail in the consumer market without far more functionality. Your time has passed. Thank Dave & Jerry for finally confirming what I expect most of us had already assumed. You have shown the problem, but in the spirit of transparency will you also share how you are going to solve these problems, the time scales of this and finally what that means to us backers? Or finally own up and confirm this is the first "million dollar kickstarter bust". Keep up the fantastic work guys. Everyone runs into problems along the way. We know you thought you needed only a fraction of your pledge to take what you thought was this finished product to production. We know it's taken over 2 years to spot a 50% failure rate but we'll wait for 20 years if you can send us something at the end. In the meantime you continue to take your salary and fund business trips out of our pledges. It will be worth it in the end I know it. Anyone want to join my church? The church of the blind optimist. It can be a kickstarter with your pledges going towards membership rank points I'm shaking my head at comments here by people who still believe we are actually going to receive the watch. Seriously? After so many similar failed promises made by this team in the past why on earth would you think anything is different now. Whether it was a deliberate fraud at the outset or simply bad management during the process (I have my own opinion) this is clearly a bust. The only question now is how much longer they will keep stringing us along before admitting the truth. We all knew the risks at the outset and I'm now interested in ensuring that the creators take full responsibility and accept the relevant consequences. Thanks for the update guys. Yes it's frustrating that it's taken much longer than initially anticipated but I know you guys ran into a myriad of problems. Keep up the hard work, we're in the final stretch now. I know you guys are super busy, but even quick updates on what's been done over the week would be much appreciated so we can understand what's going on. Good luck guys! after re-reading this update I noticed a statement near the end. "If we kept the line running with the yield we are seeing, we would not be have enough parts to send to all the backers.". It seems to say they are not making or sending any more watches until they "fix" these new problems. Its funny that it took 2 years for these problems to materialize. That's great so only about half of the watches going out then right? Where are they? I want to point something out. On the update I linked to below dated July 29th 2013, there's a chart that shows the allocated funds and estimated allocation for what's left, See: <url>"normal" nice watch from an established manufacturer with adequate customer support for the same cost. Hell, the only reason I pushed out $140 on this was because it was cool at the time, I wouldn't spend this kind of money on a watch normally. But now there are so many alternatives out there that look better and can do more, it's not even cool anymore Either a massive lack of communication skills or an arrogant attitude in communication with the people making your business run. I dont't think that I will see that watch in the rest of my life, but: only updating under pressure from Kickstarter - thats lousy. Consider this; I don't know how to make a watch, but I'm going to anyway. I haven't made any final products yet but I'll tell you that it's ready for mass manufacturing. I won't talk to you, I won't send you samples or a finalised product, I'll ignore your communications, I won't provide you with an outline of expenditure, I'll give you a made up delivery schedule but won't give you a time frame for when the product is ready. I'll tell you it's being made locally and then outsource it to the cheapest Asian supplier - trips to see will be funded by you. I'll tell you 50% of the products I've made are faulty, I won't tell you where the other 50% of (working) units are. My friends and former colleagues all say it's great - but you won't get to see one working. Kickstarter isn't a store, it's an investment opportunity. So the question is. Who's going to invest in my watch? I shit more than $140. My money isn't an issue. Multiple that by 7,000 backers and that $140 becomes $1 million - that is a problem. My issue is that I signed up to this 3 years ago as an investor being told that the product was ready to go into production. 3 years later, it still isn't. As an investor, this is a very bad investment. The lack of communication, transparency, the failure rate of the product... horrendous. @John, Totally agree. all I read in their last update is BS. They have given up giving us anything. This is just a pathetic attempt to silence the ones who can actually see behind the curtain. Also there are those reminding us that KS is not a store. I don't care, I have given my money to someone and received nothing for it. don't you people see that there is no intention to deliver any longer? "and keep working hard!" That's what I will say to my boss next time I am late on a project :"but I worked hard!" So you guys are having a hard time making this watch? Oh reaaaally? I would've never guessed. . . There was basically no real new info in this update. Why can't they give us concrete numbers that actually matter? They claim a 50% failure rate, but that means half of them actually work then. So exactly how many have you made so far? How many have you shipped so far? So now, almost 3 years later, they are going to be better with the communication and update more regularly and be more transparent? Why am I feeling de ja vu here? After months and months of being nowhere to be found, they pop in and post a CYA update to try to stave off lawsuits. Now we are going to get a series of updates that's will culminate in the Final Update where they're going to tell us they tried their best, but they are out of money and out of parts and cannot fulfill anymore Kickstarter pledges (while never disclosing the exact number of pledged they actually fulfilled, if any). And yes, amidst the outrage, we will still have the numbnuts who will remind us ad nauseam that Kickstarter isn't a store, we're investing in a twinkling is someone's eyes, not a product, all the while conveniently forgetting all the promises made by the creators that this is an actual product that was ready to be made. God, I hope I'm wrong and these guys actually figure it out and shove this post in my face along with my damn watch. . . I know how hard it is to ship something on time, so late the haters hate and keep working hard! Just reported to kickstarter for "false claims" seeing as everything they say on the campaign page is false. You could also easily report for "provide something for consumers" as they still haven't provided anything for us. Or report them for "collecting money for charity", as we basically funded his lifestyle for almost 3 years. Just re-read their initial campaign message. There are so many lies they spin and false claims. I can't believe I fell for it. They are very good at using tech jargon like "powered by thinergy" or DVU or "worlds thinnest" or how "it's basically ready for production we just need numbers to confirm". And how "it will be assembled in the U.S". Yet it's being assembled in China... And badly, obviously. If those are even real pictures. They made it all up to make money. It will never ship. It sucks. I now blame kickstarter as much as them. Brings a new definition to the term 'long con'. - Confuse a public base with verbose sentences and technical jargon - Keep postponing or have another reason up your sleeve as to why it's not done, always another excuse. - don't communicate for ages to keep the angst up, like a girl that always says "we can't be together, right now". - bullshit and pad... - and then at the end (prediction) either ask for more money (they seem dumb enough to try it) or just say... "Well we tried for 3 years and failed, but we tried. Still thanks for paying for our failure." This is a catastrophic failure. It's no longer the thinnest, he'll it isn't even the coolest or most original watch anymore. I want a refund. @Saji You might be OK with how things are progressing, but people have the right to be upset given all the broken promises. People like me who have been asking for refunds for months are being ignored. CST and all of the CST-01 backers agreed to a terms between the creator and backer. Taking legal action is a viable option if those terms are not met (which they have not). Some other thoughts: 1. $130 might not be a lot of money to you, but keep in mind that is more than the average American makes per day. 2. People chose to back this project based on statements like this: "What we are showing here are "Design Validation Units" (DVUs) that use real production methods and techniques. These are a result of a number of rounds of prototypes before them. " Updates like this: <url>"I want my 130 dollars back: The Kickstarter". Seriously though, if after 2 years you miss that money go read the first line under "Risks and Challenges" and then ask yourself if maybe you shouldn't be backing overly ambitious projects. Don't believe a word these two are saying. i have lost all interest in this product due to their insanely poor customer service and disrespect to us. No point to ask for a refund as they will not give it. People, trust me we will never receive these watches. The first and only will be the pre-orders, not us simply because they have the obligation to deliver those and they know that. This need to accept the bs from CST is pathetic. They said they had the watch all but ready for production. This crap was already worked out and they had years of experience bringing products to market. You guys need to re-read the very beginning sales pitch put out by Jerry and the team at CST. They had EVERYTHING figured out and ready for production which was worked out too.... The lies happened at some point, were they from the very begining? Did they compound? Or are they just becoming lies? YOU ARE NOT GETTING YOUR WATCHES, and now you must accept it. It's tough bringing truth to the market, lies are easier to sell. Thanx for the latest update. The manufacturing problems are unfortunate and probably unforeseen, especially by the investors it seems. I agree with the many comments re. poor or nonexistent updates in the past, but don't really feel we, the investors, need constant communication. I invested in the first place because the concept and design are so compelling and cool, I want this watch. I also realize this is an investment and not an outright purchase of an existing, off the shelf product, so I am not going to get upset about a few setbacks. I've had a few businesses which were profitable and some that failed - you don't hit a home run every time, but you can learn from your mistakes and go on. Still hoping to get my CST worlds thinnest watches when they are correct and ready to be put on the market, I don't need a worlds thinnest bracelet. Keep up the hard work and make this project succeed. The thinnest watch. Its cutting edge and that makes it appealing but also makes it harder and riskier. Its obvious now and in hindsight kind of duh but should have been communicated earlier at the front page under "risks and challenges" Maybe the founders didn't even know back then. I am glad about the latest update and hope this honesty is a sign of more frequent communication in the future. It also helps me to understand the delay and potential loss of my payment. I can accept that much better than the hiding which was going on earlier and I hope others also are able to forgive a bit. My advice to CST. Sell watches for more money outside KS until you made enough profit to produce our units for which we paid less than what they cost to produce. Yes we wouldn't be the first with the thinnest watch anymore but at least we get a good deal instead of $10 refund of the money which is left over from our payment here at KS many moons ago. Nice to get an update. According to the numbers stated somewhere between 500 and 800 watches should have gone out since the previous update. At current costs only about have of the backer will get a watch. I guess the rest of us who backed for Rossi version or any size other than medium are out of luck Hi Dave and Jerry thanks for the latest update and for being so transparent and honest. I buy the latest technology from all over the world and a lot of it even the biggest companies don't sometimes work and have faults. I really feel for you guys and the frustration you are facing. I know I'm not speaking for all the backers but I'm fine for you to take your time and to get a product that works. Thanks for keeping us informed, it's very interesting reading what is involved in making new cutting edge designed technology. All the best to you and your team and I'm sure things will fall in place soon :) I am truly glad to see the update. Obviously one of the things conerning backers has been the nearly complete lack of communication inthe past. I hope that we can continue this. Even whenthe news is not great, we can then understand what is happening and be a bit more supportive. I for one wouldn't have thee cahunas to try what you are doing. I have many other watches. This presents something new and interesting, and we knew it would be challenging. Keep up the good work. @ Mitchell Gordon: This has been covered several times including in its own update, click on Campaign -> scroll down to your reward level on the right (highlighted in green) -> click on View Response -> Click Edit Address. @Jordan The multiple people calling the developers ****, morons, and thieves aren't exactly acting mature. We didn't pre-order anything; Kickstarter is not a store, and people shouldn't treat it as one. Every dollar donated to a kickstarter project carries a substantial risk of loss, and if people aren't willing to accept that risk, then they shouldn't be donating money. Those who actually pre-ordered through the developer's site have a valid complaint, but we on kickstarter knew full well what we were getting into. I'm disappointed that the projected has stagnated as well, but that doesn't warrant the personal insults commenters have been throwing. It would be one thing if the developers took the money and immediately skipped town for a $1 Million vacation, but that clearly isn't what's happening. They tried, they likely failed, and that's all there is to it. That's how this site has and always will work. I helped fund this project over two years ago. The original delivery was probably a year ago. Each recent update essentially begins with "we are disappointed to report that...". Unbelievable. The frustration has not been worth the investment. *sigh* I give up. Thanks for your honest and transparent update. I hope for a good turn. @Logan I don't see anyone acting childish. We have every right to ask for updates, get refunds, etc. While the wording seems like we've invested in this project, we're not treated with the same respect as investors. We also don't have the same rights as investors. We're just people that have pre-ordered a product and need to make sure we do what's needed to get what we paid for. Wow, yet another update saying that the watch isn't available yet. Ignore the obvious scam, backers, remove yourself from the mailing list and just buy a good watch. My G-Shock arrived today, couldn't be happier with it. Thanks for the update CST. This is the type of update we need and we need them at a good interval. I built a potato gun when I was 8... It shot like a cannon! Had no money in it? I'm tired of hearing about how hard it is to build a freaking watch. It's a watch... A watch... We have microwaves, baby dolls that poop, tv's that surf the web... Where is my freaking watch? I just ordered my Apple Watch 42mm w/Link Bracelet. CST can go fornicate with themselves! Thieves. People here need to stop acting like children. Do any of you understand how hard it is to launch a device like this? The developers are doing everything they can to get this thing to market, and that's a complicated and expensive process. Kickstarting projects is always a risk, and you should never give any money that you aren't prepared to lose. If you didn't understand that when you backed this, then that's on you. Welcome to the world of investments. So I'm likely to have my apple watch before this one? K thanks.... Nice update guys. Never doubted you for for a second. I agree that updates and transparency are essential but some comments here have been disgusting and childish. You've seen the development and stuff like this is not easy on a finite budget. So get a grip and chill. I need to change my address how do I do this? So they just stole our money or what? Head of Flex IX mentioning that shes been contacted about this project while talking about crowdfunding , maybe more pressure/ emails to her will get more results <url>"General Board", then you'll see the first thread. Start a new one, reply to the current one, whatever. This will give a chance for the pre-orderers to participate in the conversation too, since they can't participate here. I'll keep using this site as well, but at least we can speak freely at this other place without fear of our accounts being suspended...for nothing. I'll move to another platform to organize if you guys decide we need to, but we have every right to use this comment section. A portion of the proceeds went to Kickstarter and they owe us that at the very least. CST can't intimidate us by threatening to have our accounts banned. If they want war, they'll get it. i am hoping that this message is being read by CST-01 creator. i hope you will admit that you failed to deliver stuff on time, and it was not delayed byy just few days or week rather by more than a year. So i don't have any hard feeling personally against you, I hope no clue why there is a delay nor i am interested to know now. ALL i would like to have is refund. PERIOD. Hope you won't question my intelligence on this, please tell me what's the process of getting a refund. If anyone else know about this , please let me know, since i am not sure if CST-01 creator has enough time to respond to their backers. -Neeraj CST has no time to give us timely updates, no time to update "Summer 2014" being mentioned in the future tense on their web site for more than a year (they finally changed it just the other day), no time at all to respond in any way to people's queries, but they do find time to report people here whose frustration boils over into anger. Nice. words fail me *Facepalm* I would suggest reddit for the open discussion forum. Here is a link by doing search in reddit <url>？ is it only provide a platform to the creator？ i suugest somebody make a complaint through the media concerning on the KS. i want do it myself but i can't because i'm not US. What do they expect? We gave them our hard earned money because they claimed they had done this all before and had a viable product. For the average person, they've put in the equivalent of one day's wages for a watch and have received nothing but empty promises for two years. People are going to get angry. People are going to take it up with the BBB. CST need only respond to BBB but instead are flipping them the bird just like they are doing to all of the backers. Reporting comments to Kickstarter to silence people is really gutless. Stand up and defend yourself or even better shut us up but giving us what is rightfully ours as we paid for it and paid your salaries for over two years. Shipping since Feb 4, any other update? As a backer I would expect to be among the firts to receive product... Ah, that explains why we see CST logging in without leaving an update. They are just busy reporting people that gave them money in an attempt to silence them. Sad to see Kickstarter picking their side here. @Matt Fishman @Sean C I too had my account suspended from these guys and my comment removed. I can't recall calling them anything more then arse clowns. I think it may have been that I tried to contact one of them who is now working at another company trying to get whoever takes care of that companies Info@ account to pass on the message that we backers were interested to know what is going on. I was rather respectful in that email as I really do just want to know what is going on and being in Australia I can't drive there. Lets open another message group somewhere else then. There we can organize and focus our actions without having to take care not to hurt anybodies feelings ;-) Who knows of a good way? Google Groups? My account was also temporarily restricted because of 'abusive content' which I supposedly posted on this forum... It seems that my posts related to the Better Business Bureau have been deleted. This was the response I was sent by KS: While I understand there are a lot of emotions and frustration within the backer community of this project, it's important to remember our Community Guidelines, which stipulate that messages and comments should be polite and judicious at all times. Comments and messages that violate our guidelines and are combative in nature or contain personal attacks / personal information are subject to action being taken against the sender's account. We are disheartened that fulfillment of this project has not gone according to plan, and that the creator has not yet updated you and other backers on the status of the project, however we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate respectfully with each other through these developments. Your commenting and messaging abilities will be restored on April 10th. Please keep in mind, however, that inability to comply with our guidelines going forward could result in further restrictions on your account. C_nts **** @James: I am in. This user's account has been deleted. @James Do it, man! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Sames experiences from overseas. Also I tried several times to get in contact still waiting for an answer. I feel ripped as well. Was my first and I guess my last experience with kickstarter. - Beside of James idea. I am in as well :-) Interesting on the feedback. I to tend to agree with KS - the odd comment in the past has been very close to being personal threats against the CST team. Threats are illegal and can be considered a police matter. Wow seriously? This is how kickstarter treat their users and paying clients? Well spread the word and don't give any of their projects any more money! I got the same message but was never shut down. I also would like an example of abusive behavior. I also agree that it wasn't another commenter. I also sent investagation inquiry to the attorney general which i got a letter and they are finally taking action. I am also in process of recovering my funds by other legal means. Backers Unite Well it was suspended for like 5 days because of "abusive content" I posted. I emailed kickstarter support like 4 times saying, please, give me examples, and I finally got a response about their "respectful and considerate guidelines", but no examples....just basically a form letter saying i would be reinstated today. anyway, i sort of doubt I was reported by another commenter. And other people have been much more vulgar than I have, so I just wonder if this was CST asking them to "silence" me because i've been more active about filing complaints and speaking to journalists who wrote about CST back in 2013. I dont know. Seems pretty fishy to me though.... account down? @Sean C Why do you think they tried to shut your account down? This is getting ridiculous. Also, I think they tried to report my comments and get my account suspended. It didn't work. Me too James. I bet Kickstarter would be ok with us starting a campaign. After all they will get 10%. :-D @James I'm in. Where do I sign up? :) You know, if we all gave 1 dollar, we could hire a private detective to find Dave. 7500 written letters set to his home address asking for an update could have an impact. Also, using a kickstarter campaign to collect the money would have a delicious irony to it. They haven't even showed us respect by providing adequate and timely updates. They've constantly derided the manufacturers that are part of the supply chain. They're ignoring formal complaints via the BBB. They refuse to respond to Kickstarter. I think we're past being nice in order to get the items we PAID for. Sent a message 6 days ago, no reply. Still have not received my watch, I know you have had a few problems but please respond. @sander and maybe my bank manager doesn't want to speak to me, or maybe the guy in Starbucks doesn't want to serve me after I've paid them. This is business, not a place for personal greivences, they made an agreement and they are duty bound to fulfil their obligation whether they like it or not. Maybe they don't want to ship to grumpy backers. So here it goes: CST-guys, I have full confidence in your product and I'm still looking forward to wearing your beautiful watch !!! [awaiting delivery of a package] Two months... Now I feel ripped No communication, no watch, no nothing. I've tried several methods of getting in touch. What's going on? It would be good to either see an update as to how many of what have shipped, or to just announce failure and throw in the towel. Projects we hate. Um...I just went and took a look at their website. I don't see anything newer than 2013. I think we've all been fleeced - to the tune of $1,026,292 - not counting interest over the past two years. At what point do we 7,000+ backers file suit against these guys? I have been patient these past two years - until now. This is beyond ridiculous. When I first gave them money, with the (naive) understanding that I would receive this watch in September of 2013, it would have been great to get this cutting edge object. Two years later, though, and this is like an old flip-phone in the age of smart phones. I guess now that the first class tickets and caviar times are over they've moved on? Didn't they say this was their full time job now??? I have the suspicion that the 'we are shipping' update is only there so friends/family/future employers checking the project will think they delivered. Jake O' Leary already moved on and has a job elsewhere now. If you have 10.000 customers waiting and 1.5 million usd in startup cash you don't seek a job elsewhere unless it is all gone. "what if in actuality they have been so busy with production" It doesn't take over a million dollars and 3 years to bend a piece of metal. I've had things in production that required the metal to be bent over torque, my manufacturer had to outsource it. The entire process took 4 days. Sure there will be problems - and there were. Only, we were told that they we fixed - and they weren't. All we've had is very poor communications with infrequent updates, each one an excuse about an issue that we were told was rectified and perfected years ago (literally!). @Peter: yes lets start a suing campain contacted kickstarter directly to contact them directly. Ive not very much hope that ive see a watch or my money back. I still think it is funny that not only has an entire smartwatch industry developed while we were waiting, but several of them have already gone through more than one version. Lol Patiently waiting... What the devil's going on? Email #29 5 Feb 2015 was titled 'We are shipping'; still no watches. I know Australia is international, but how are they getting here - plane, ship or even canoe? When we originally were presented with this site, the shipping time was estimated to be March 2013 - that's now passed by two years!!! Let's face it, we put our money & trust in you guys, so how about returning the favour by showing some customer respect. This may be the USA way of conducting trade but it's certainly not the Aussie way. Once again, what the devil's going on? PS. I know Kickstarter will never admit it, but projects & respect to customers reflect very badly on them as well. Any viewers/visitors that view projects like this will only conclude that it is a total shamoozle, which allows any sort of person/s to launch any sort of project without any safety guard to protect 'customers'. I'll certainly be very, very cautious when considering future investment I can't believe there isn't any update about shipping and any plans about fulfilling all the pledges, for over TWO MONTHS. I am not a designer nor in the manufacturing industry. But if you claim you are shipping, you'll probably have the suppliers in contact and follow-up steps to make sure things are going. It's not possible to have nothing to update (and not a single report from non-friends/colleagues receiving a watch). Many of the agitated comments are the direct results of the creators not being communicative at all and keep missing promises -- which can simply be avoided by frequent and honest updates. Being fed up and thus not communicating is very unprofessional and can only make things worse. Anyone who is approached by the creators while claiming their "success in a Kickstarter" should take note of this comments section, and realize that they haven't succeeded yet (in fact a failure in terms of keeping all their promises). Metallica!!! "Hope dies last." Never knew what it really meant until this project and seeing how a large number of people react to things. All signs say bust but many still believe in it. I observed that on myself until not too long ago. It's a real eye opener if you believed that humans would show logical behavior. On the other hand it might still be rational because doing something would take more energy than simply hoping, even if its just <1percent hope left. Might also apply to the founders and not just the backers. :-) Just trying to think a little optimistically BUT what if in actuality they have been so busy with production and so fed up with the negative and rude comments people are leaving that they are waiting until they have thousands of these watches made so they can take a picture of them all and post a huge update showing everyone what they have been up to. I'm going to be honest, as a product designer myself, if I were in their position I would absolutely give the first 100 units to friends/family/colleagues to make sure all the kinks are worked out. That way if anything happens they can fix the problem on a more personal level before shipping thousands of these watches out to the public. Just a thought but I still believe in these guys and I can't wait to receive my watch. Maybe they just took half a million dollars in preorders so they could get in on the Pebble Time Kickstarter. 2 years gone waste. i regret my decision to order this S***. please return my money. We should start another KS project purely for collecting money for suing them two. @Jordan Chill dude. Not at all saying you did anything wrong. So projects don't work out. I accept that. But what I really don't like is the dishonestly I am seeing in this project to make it appear that everything was all right. From the fake (this box has four sides) review on youtube by someone they worked with, to the picture of someone on twitter showing off their new watch by guess who? Yes you have guessed correctly, it was someone they work with. The more I dig the more I find. I'm surprised the press have not really jumped on this. "The million dollar kickstarter fail" does have a certain ring to it. Do I expect to see a watch or my money back? I don't think so.......... To the CST guys, time to come clean. You have blown all the money on R&D, prototypes, travel, your own wages. Your cost per unit based now on expected sales is now too high given the massive over spend to make it financially viable (hence the 50% hike in pre-order price $200 -> $300), no one is going to buy this at $300. There is not enough money left for a production run to meet the existing orders. To Kickstarter your take was ~$50k. You should have greater governance on projects of this size, so you can step in and shut down failing projects to return as much money as possible to the backers before it's all gone. Like I said the "Million dollar kickstarter fail" does have a ring to it. @Mochyn @Trogdor Email Kickstarter support and they'll send you the same form. Fill it out, don't fill it out. I don't care. Just passing along what they sent me. @Mochyn Agreed. I saw that and NOPED out. KS would already have my email, information, etc...and they should've built this on their own platform. Why does Kickstarter use a form on GoogleDocs? Why is it not hosted on their own site? Seems a bit suspect to me... Filled in and sent off to kickstarter I emailed Kickstarter two weeks ago and they attempted to contact CST on our behalf, but CST has not responded to Kickstarter even. I was asked to fill this form. I suggest everyone does as well: <url>"Incredible team tackling one of the most difficult tasks in technology: they are actually making wearables look cool!" by and advisor calling himself Zachary Aarons. Another advisor (David Schonthal) said the following not so long ago (maybe Oct last year): "Jerry and Dave are both top-flight designs, dedicated entrepreneurs and savvy problem solvers. " Are they talking about the same Dave & Jerry we are dealing with? You gotta laugh or is that cry? Maybe some of the the money went on advisors looking for funding as they knew they were running out. @ Li Feng: Address updates have been covered several times including in an update. Click on Campaign, scroll down to the reward you selected (highlighted in green), click on survey response, and finally click on change address. if the first pay ,will be leave at lastest ...... we get not a watch ,we get be a fool . ANY ONE WILL ANGER , it is must. So uhh...yeah, whats going on with this? Wow, they took a further half a million dollars in pre-orders, knowing they hadn't figured out a way to service the million dollars of orders they already had. That must be tantamount to fraud? Need to give shipping information as my address has changed @Eric-Browning, Stop acting like a child. You are an adult, right? So man up and hire a lawyer and sue these guys - then you will get your answer because they are compelled to answer a court complaint. You just want someone else to do the work for you - just like you want everyone else here to do it for you as well (which is why you posted the contact info for Flextronics - you want all of us to contact them so you can get what you want). In that way you're not much different than the CST guys not responding... lack of courage to do the right thing must be an epidemic. Hi, I thought these were shipping in February. Any news? I wrote Kickstarter and they have not replied. I'm am never backing a project again and have shared this story with all my social media. My credit card company won't dispute past 60 days. This is bad for KS. Never again!!! Hi, I have not received my watch in Melbourne Australia, please advise. Many thanks This is really bad for KickStarter reputation/image ... Marketing and promises are always very attractive when deliveribles poorly executed (when executed) I'm done with it ! I hate how creators dont have the balls to tell the truth when things go bad, my only issue is silence after promises. shit happens, it sucks but what is worse is when things go bad and people think its logical to go silent until they fix it. fucking assholes I received the same response as Jenna. CST does not even care to respond to the BBB. Just more evidence that these guys are charlatans. This user's account has been deleted. @corporate3-6 I really don't care what you think is "appropriate" I WANT ANSWERS! I will talk to ANYBODY who might have them. I will EXERT PRESSURE where possible by every LEGAL means available to me. If the manufacturer can pressure them to get people to stop bothering them over the project then we might get an UPDATE. There's over $1M out there for this project and neither of the founders has any COURAGE to tell us WHAT'S GOING ON!!! Ow wow, that is 1.5 million dollars. They delivered 30 watches now, so that is ~$50,000/watch. They state that each watch is 12 grams which makes it ~$4,000/gram. Quite an achievement, maybe more impressive than worlds thinnest watch. <url>"work"? @John, indeed they have changed it because this project was started soooo long ago lol. But the old ones are about the same - don't lie, update people, if you can't do it, tell backers and fix it @Johannes If it takes them so, so long to update their web page to stop mentioning Summer 2014 as if it's well into the future, imagine how long it will take them to do anything non-trivial like a slim watch. Unfortunately we don't have to use our imagination :( Jamie O'Rourke 2 days ago Funny, isn't it, that CST are making a watch but have no concept of time, delivery, schedules or frequency (updates) :P thats because the watch hasnt been made yet - how can they if they cant tell time ?? @Jamie O'Rourke - The KS ToS was significantly different when this project launched - not that it makes a lot of difference as it still boils down to : . 1] We (KS) got our cut, we are done. 2] If you don't get what you backed, it's 1] not our fault, 2] not our problem, and 3] You can try and sue the creator. CST saying that the watches are on there way when they aren't would be the greatest April Fools day prank ever. Looks like they stopped accepting new pre-orders. "We are focusing on delivering our current orders before taking new ones. Please sign up for the mailing list on our homepage to be notified when we resume taking orders." All items are listed as sold out and the 'early summer 2014' shipping date has also been removed. Kickstarter Terms of Use <url>’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent. "When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward." Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. /quote I think that pretty much puts CST in the firing line now. With CST-01, every day is like April Fool's day ! My cats breath smell like cat food My cats breath smell like cat food I agree with Josh. Even if you're still holding out hope that you will receive your watch, you should go ahead and file BBB complaints. Everyone should file a complaint with the BBB, it doesn't accomplish much but any investor in the future that might give these fucks money will get to see the reports. I filed mine and they never bothered to respond to them at all. At this point I'm just going to spam the shit out of everything they have for contact until I get the money I was promised in a refund 8 months ago. We should be in for an update before long, from past experience, they leave it until they are contractually obligated to update us so that they don't break the kickstarter terms. Shawn, that is probably why it's called Kickstarter. It makes people want to do this. :-D I really just want to kick someone in the nuts over all this Yeah I feel the money is gone, ran out before they could make it right, speed what they could and closed up shop...i'm officially giving up hope on these things. ..who knows maybe I'll get my watches one day... So much for every single component and final timepiece being personally inspected by CST since it's their "full-time job". Well I could live with recharging it regularly so it never goes flat and stops, but I couldn't live with it looking naff and falling to pieces :( @Jordan You'll wait forever for a refund I'm afraid. The best you can hope for is a functioning watch one day, some time in the future... So, it sounds like the housing is poorly made, and the electric components are not working properly. That's fantastic.Faaaaannnntastic. DUFF MAN SAYS A LOT OF THINGS, OOO YEAH!!! @Eric Browning: It's not appropriate to hassle Flextronics over this. They are simply a supplier. I am guessing they aren't making watches because they haven't been paid. And whatever the situation is between them and the CST guys, it wouldn't be appropriate for them to disclose it to anyone else. They have a business to run and many other customers, so people shouldn't be hassling them over the CST guys failure to deliver or respond to inquiries. Funny, isn't it, that CST are making a watch but have no concept of time, delivery, schedules or frequency (updates) :P How many more months do I need to wait for my refund? This is insane. @bassem It was less than 20% of the backers tht even got a chance to vote about the thinness. That entire vote was just a scam by CST to try and gain time. They had already decided to change band materials. I felt this was going to happen when the majority voted on having them keep working to produce the thinnest watch, instead of just releasing the watch. Now we're screwed. I pledged $144 for this thing. And don't think Kickstarter will help, they clearly state that they're not accountable for anything like this: <url>#1041. Not a friend or family member. Not sure why I was one of the few that got one from the first batch, but I did. Probably because the one I ordered was a Medium, Black on Silver one, and was an Early Bird backer. For those that are curious, on one end of the watch, the black covering has split and I'm afraid it's going to come of entirely, exposing things underneath. The watch also doesn't let me know when the battery is running down like it's supposed to. It'll just stop at some point, showing a fixed time. Then when I plug it in to charge, it'll go to 12:00 and I have to set it back to the correct time. Which is a pain, by the way. The buttons on the base station/charger are not good. I've sent a few emails to CST, but haven't heard anything back. IDEO is who they both used to work for....they no longer do. NCC 1701-D Oh, and those that saw this: <url>"Ok, we'll pay to get the R&D finished and some production done... then we'll use an outside investment or pre-order funding to cover the KS backers". All during this time, pressure is mounting on here from a swell of backers getting steadily angrier. At some point, the partnership splits up and the guy left is wondering WTF he is going to do. The anger sucks, but if he says "sorry, I spent all your money and we can't pay for the watches", it triggers people suing and/or refunds "officially" becoming due. And as the founder, he still has a glimmer of hope he can make it work if only they can just get some capital to pay the next installment. But sorry creators... you already blew it. You were in over your head from the get go and didn't have an adequate project plan, and had not budgeted for these cost overruns and setbacks, certainly not when you were living the good times and jetting between suppliers and thinking about the millions you'd be making in a year or two once Macy's puts the watch in all their stores. We invested in CST, and they did not deliver on their promise to send us watches. Welcome to life. This happens in the real world all the time (in different forms or scenarios). It is time to move on people. It is irritating to all of us, but nothing is going to happen at this point and $130 lost is not the end of the world. Well played CST. We should make a campaign to hire Dexter to take these guys out. Yes a few people did – mostly friends and family (perhaps because they were the very first people to back it, before the general public noticed). In the last update, Feb 4, they said they were going to start shipping the first batch. Has anyone actually received anything, or was that just an attempt to hold everyone over for a little longer? I really regret backing this project and this has prevented me from backing other projects on kickstarter... @corporate3-6, Thinking of the 500% over funding, the project should have had plenty of room for final development and tooling etc. Initial costs like these would be about the same wether there were 2000 backers or 10000. So, either the founders went nuts striving for perfection (or whatever) having so much money initially or the project was absurdly misjudged economically... @corporate3-6, I think you nailed it! Thanks. Where is my device? Where is my watch? @Steven Crosbie, I don't think they have absconded with the cash. If they were going to do that, they wouldn't have spent months at suppliers and showing pictures of their progress. No, I think it's clear that they have simply run out of money. They do not have the funds available to pay for the production run, and/or they have run into further technical issues but do not have the money to pay for them to be resolved. They aren't telling us this because the moment they do, everyone will go nuts. They are probably hoping they can find an outside investor who will want to buy a portion of the company given that they have already spent the $$ for the R&D and developed the product to a "ready to manufacture" state. But they will have a VERY hard time finding investors considering they have a huge existing liability on their books. So even if an investor dropped $1 million in, half or most of that $$$ would be gone just covering the production run for existing sales. And who would bother to invest $2MM just to get a minority share of a company that, without the $$, will fail, and whose assets could be bought for pennies on the dollar at auction. It is a character flaw that makes the original founders not come back here to update us. Yes, I realize it sucks and it's hard to take the heat and all that - but highs go with lows... you took our money when things were good, so when things are bad you owe it to us to communicate with the same honesty, if not alacrity. @GWE, if i click CST it shows me their bio? i might be misunderstanding though. Go banana although not kickstarters fault,technically,perhaps if we all started complaining on social media, they might get involved to the point where they at least get some sort of update for us, probably to tell us the money is gone,and just shut this page down and put us out of our misery, finally. last time i ever back anything on kickstarter because of cst. 6 months ago these clowns promised to do better at updates. they have absconded with the cash, and deserve to have their homes and cars bought with our cash taken from them and distributed back to us as some kind of rebate. being late was one thing. stringing good people along with bullshit updates and broken promises of delivery,shipping,updating,etc. a complete farce,and excellent example of what not to do. goodbye, my hard earned cash. sorry you gave me nothing in return. @shane That may be the case but I checked several other projects I have backed, and all of the still have bio and contact info @GWE no they are just redesigning the website as a whole It looks like Kickstarter has taken some notice of the complaints by removing CST bio and contact info Last update was more than a month ago and still no sign of the watch... Paris, Fran0ce @Thurstan Hethorn, the terms are clear, it's the enforceability that's loose. "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." So, in other words, if you can't or won't give me the watch, you must give me my money back. The problem is, Kickstarter doesn't enforce its own terms of use. Once they have their processing fee, they look the other way. If all the money was spent, I want to see breakdowns. I don't trust these guys one bit. They've probably been paying themselves a nice salary while doing the bare minimum. They supposedly shipped a few watches and as reported by one backer below, the workmanship sucked. So much for personal inspection and all the months of "adjusting tolerances". Better start running, Dave and Jerry. You guys p-ed off the community and now the community is coming after you. When justice is served remember not to bend over when taking a shower with Bubba and his friends. From the Kickstarter FAQ: <url>"backers must understand that Kickstarter is not a store. When you back a project, you’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is absolutely unable to complete the project and fulfill rewards, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to a satisfying conclusion for their backers." The project is bound by a previous version of terms of use due to when the project started: <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. These terms seems a bit loose to me. I also received the email saying that they are shipping watches. I want to hear from ONE person who has actually received a watch. These ass clowns have made me very cautious about funding any other projects on Kickstarter, especially ones that cost as much as this project was. I would like to see the cars or homes that these **** bags have purchased with our money. This is the biggest ongoing joke I have seen Just stopping by to point out (again) that kickstarter pledges are not "investments." We are not "investors." We pledged for a product, and as clearly stated in the terms of use, the only two options are a) fulfilling awards to backers, and b) refunding the money. there is no 3rd option (except the ultimate admittance that you're a failure: bankruptcy) Are you really sent to watch! Still haven't received a watch! If they have lost/spent all of the money why after almost a year would they say they are shipping them, after hordes of hate mail? I will be in chicago late summer and i am going to try my hardest to find one of these clowns so i can show them "my appreciation" if you catch my drift. I am a 1st and last time backer of any project on kickstarter thanks to these jokers. These dudes suck a plethora of dicks of all shapes, colors, & sizes. Filed with the Washington State Office as well. I really do believe the money is just been spent/lost and it's part of the kickstarter risk but I do want reform and accountability so the more "complaints" filed the more likely something is to happen. There is nothing ambiguous in the project story or reward section. They made specific claims in order to secure our investment. The reward section clearly states what is to be received and an estimated date. Where is my watch? There are a few here that appear to think they are owed a watch they 'purchased'. Although kickstarter at times seems ambiguous on this, it is meant to be a site to back endeavours. Whether they turn out of not is what you are invested in. As in this is not a store with a long wait time (in this case super long wait time). Having said that, as a fellow investor you do expect progress updates. Whether they have run out of money, run into more trouble etc. Same here did not receive anything yet. Beirut/ Lebanon OAG2015-000007818 Thank you for submitting your complaint. This is your online reference number. Please keep it for when you upload or mail supporting documents. We strongly encourage you to send supporting documents, such as contracts, billing statements, and advertisements, to assist us with addressing your complaint. If you are not able to scan and upload them, please send them to us by U.S. mail and include your online reference number. Illinois Attorney General Consumer Fraud Bureau 500 South Second Street Springfield, IL 62706 217-782-1090 1-800-243-0618 (Toll free in IL) TTY: 1-877-844-5461 This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. We need to start filing with Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson. Update, 5/4: We reached out to the Washington State Attorney General’s office, and here’s the statement they gave us: “This is a new frontier. We hope this sends a message to other potential project creators to take their responsibilities seriously. We look forward to bringing more cases, if necessary, to protect consumers.” We all need to start contacting the attorney general! If you raise money via Kickstarter and don’t deliver products you promised backers, the government will come after you. In what is the first consumer protection lawsuit involving crowdfunding, Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson today filed a suit against Ed Nash and his Nashville, Tenn.-based company, Altius Management. Check out the full link here Kickstarter fraud: Washington files first consumer protection lawsuit involving crowdfunding <url>"the thinnest watch" does not mean an "invisible one". I hope you will send it at last. I really just want my watch, I would be happy if you could just sent my reward. My wife asked where is her watch - came to check what is going on and what I see are all those comments. It looks like it will be my third Kicksarter lose. Is there nobody in IL who can file a small claims suit against these guys? That would compel them to answer the suit, or face a default judgement which could then be sent to a sheriff to begin seizing assets (car, house, television, laptop, whatever). That would at least compel them to update people on what is going on. I think it's down to what I said a few months back... they are probably finished with development (or very close), but they have spent all the money and no longer have enough $$ to pay for the production run. They are probably hoping to find an investor, but that won't happen because no investor is going to put money into a project like this with an existing million dollar liability that can't be filled. So most likely we're all SOL but the creators just haven't had the ethics or courage to tell us so. @Toby that video was made by a shill. He's a former co-worker of David and Jerry. @GWE What I meant was that it's not like Flextronics are in a bad place financially. If your supply line is fine, then your product should be as well. The BBB is a start but you really need to file complaints with Illinois Attorney General at <url>"someone filed a complaint, what's your side of the story?". CST will likely not respond or if they do respond it will be to say it was a KS project and no timeline was guaranteed or even any tangible result was guaranteed. BBB will forward that back to you, you will reject it and BBB will list it as "company responded to complaint but consumer was unsatisfied with response" and it won't count against them. Or they will not respond and it will count against them. Either way, the BBB can't do anything beyond that... and nobody checks BBB listings before doing business with a company, so it's not very hurtful. This user's account has been deleted. lucky for you paul, i have the emrace+, radiate shirts, and now CST watch. sad times indeed. its a shame though, this watch could have been amazing. i do hope something changes, but I'm not holding my breath. for my part i accepted the risk of loss when i placed my pledge, its just a shame and a disappointment for me more than everything, especially as it all 'seemed' to be going ok until the final hurdles. Wow. Even Matthew Parker has lost hope guys. You really have lost every single bit of support now CST. Like I said in a previous comment, this is the second time I have unfortunately backed a campaign that turned out like this. This is the point where no one even wants the product any more. The one thing we have going for us is that they took $1 million on kickstarter, plus probably another $1 million from preorders. This likely makes it one of kickstarters biggest failures (possibly scams). This at least makes it difficult to ignore if people make a fuss about it. Someone in the US needs to talk to a lawyer about a class-action lawsuit. I just checked out that the pre-order system still seems to be functioning at centralstandardtiming.com. (Obviously didn’t order another one). It seems amazingly inept that CST hasn’t even bothered to fix the year from 2014. I did wonder if they expected to help fund manufacture with pre-orders but it seems unlikely given the lack of attention made to the site. I can almost accept being scammed, I just don't appreciate the cynical "we're shipping" when there were only 30 or so units which they must have known while typing up the (presumably final) update. That combined with they analysis of how many people will complain while being scammed was an eye opener too. All I can say is I hope Karma catches up with them. Good luck on your next endeavour it can’t be much worse than this one frankly. Will the last one whining turn off the lights. (Was that respectful and considerate? Its all I got for my backers fee.) Can we get an update on shipping progress please? Being from Australia, I'm not across BBB. Reading their website, I'm not getting the feeling that BBB have teeth, or are part of a formal Govt body. Can BBB really help us? Where is my F**king watch, it's been 2 years with $1,026,292 you can't even make thing right? I wait for 2 years for a watch and this is what you gave to backer? @Toby Flextronics is just the subcontractor for assembling the watches. Just heard that Valve is working with Flextronics on their gaming Hardware... so I guess Flextronics is doing just fine.... FYI: Instagram post 4 weeks ago he was in WA traveling. Explains the lack of... too busy to update is bull. His handle is davidvondle. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. BBB complaint filed. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Any update? Still have not received my watch. BBB complaint filed. BBB complaint filed. I backed this project in March of 2013 (!) and I have not received anything and haven't received a communication in some time. I am very disappointed and hope early funders are prioritized, but an update would be nice. Worst marketing ever, If you want to know how you destroy your reputation even before your product is on the market watch this thread...... UPDATE?! Wow totally forgot about this for awhile. Filed on : March 19 2015 Filed by : XXX Filed against : Central Standard Timing Complaint Description: 09/01/2013 I purchased a watch from CST through Kickstarter. I was their first customer. Full payment $99 was made by me according to the contract in Feb 20013 via Amazon payments. Estimated delivery date as per contract on <url>~7600) who together paid more than 1 Million USD for that product have received nothing in return for their money. The company provides only very infrequent updates and remains extremely vague regarding estimated delivery or progress in production. Repeated attempts at communication by their customers, or even reporters remain unanswered. Your Desired Resolution: I would still like to receive the watch if CST can clearly explain how they think they will be able fulfill their contractual obligations to their customers within the next 1 year. I would like to receive that explanation within 3 weeks from now. If CST fails to even attempt to convince its customers within the next 3 weeks I would like a refund of the original $99 by that time. I'm also doing the IBB form as I'm typing this. I really wouldn't care to have to wait a couple of more years if they could shows us how. Even not getting a watch or a refund will be kind of ok. But the lack of any communication and the missing clarity of the little communication happening is just not acceptable. I might have even forgiven this since they might be just a bit scared and ashamed.Happens. But from their presentation they seem to update less on purpose. And then them or their friends write about "haters" when referring to backers behind our back. That hurt. :-( Hiding behind your walls, not communicating. What could possibly go wrong!? Signed, Athens, 430 B.C. @Matt. Thanks for the info. Completed the complaint form on BBB site also. Don't send me your shitty watch, refund NOW This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Update! ? ! Where's my watch? This is ridiculous! Where is my watch? Go banana! Disappointed I'm pretty much over this watch at this point. Had they delivered at the original estimated delivery date of September 2013, it would have been awesome. If they had delivered sometime last year, it would have been a kinda cool watch to wear. At this point, though, if I do ever get the watch, I don't think I'll even wear it. I bought two really nice Traser watches that use bright tritium vials for dial markers, and I don't see CST's product beating out one of my Traser watches for daily wear. As it stands, if this thing ever does come in, it's going to sit on my desk and be a "kinda neat desk clock". This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Where is my watch? Also FYI: <url>"We just finished our first batch of watches and you are at the top of the list! These first units are what you had chosen as a reward (Black, Medium Size)." It hasn't arrived yet so I'd hate to be someone at the bottom of the list! Congratulations "CST-01: The World's Thinnest Watch" - You've just topped Reddit's "Shitty Kicksterters" subreddit. (Direct comments link: <url>" For me, this is more about accountability than a refund." Same here Theodore, great story bruh, glad you absorbed the cost - me too. But now multiple that by the number of backers, we're not talking about $100, we're talking about a squandered million. Surely you can't agree with that. Simple once s**t hits the fan. They better have good accountability. I sure all the backers would like to know where every penny was spent. They will try and argue and prove how much they have spent on this project. I believe in a previous update the stated they have more then half of the funded amount still in cash. Also any liquidation of any equipment. Congratulations to David at CST and to KickStarter. I will NEVER back another project on here because of KickStarter's unwillingness to help us and CST for not communicating. You're giving designers a bad name. All huff and no puff. Where is my watch and why isn't kickstarter acting? This would be hilarious if it wasn't so sad :'( I'm still holding out hope I'll get mine by mid-summer. Where is my watch? @Theodore Can you lend me 200 bucks? If I keep them for two years "you have absorbed" those costs, too, and I don't have to pay you back. Everybody wins. And if anybody does not want to follow your example, and want the product or their money back from me, they have "0 excuse"... See, the thing is, you can conduct the backing of your projects as you like, but nobody really needs your opinion (or asked you for your advice) on how they should conduct the backing of their projects. Everybody their money riding here, so everybody is entitled to voice their opinions as they like, in accordance with KS rules. @Theodore Glad you're doing better in your life. For me, this is more about accountability than a refund. I think you're a more forgiving person than I. I find it odd that people want a refund on something they paid 2 years ago and in no sane persons mind still be on the table for budget purposes. My perspective on whether or not I hope to see this watch varies from day to day, but I have long long ago absorbed the cost and done so much else with my life I have to look at the kickstarter page to remember how much I pledged! Further to that, as with everything on kickstarter there's a chance whatever project won't make it, to pony up, is to say you hope they do make it and you want a peice of it if they happen to pull it off. There is no foul play here, they said they wanted money to try and pull off making a cool watch. They got their money, the status updates they have provided, however infrequent, do serve to prove they have tried to make this watch, and the few who have received theirs proves they succeeded at some level! If I had to hazard a guess based both on their updates and a comment of some guy who received a defective watch... There was a issue they posted about with the battery, they likely would not have shipped if they thought it wasn't fixed, but that being a likely cause of that defective one(which that guy did say they reached out to him and asked him to send back) likely has them re-examining the problem and potential solutions, thus cause the delay that has everyone in an uproar! Now admittedly they have sort of dug their own grave on the infrequent updates, and promises to be better with that going forward only for more of the same! For those of you who are begging for refunds, I worked as a sales associate at Walmart when I backed this, I went for a full year unemployed with a creative use of final check, vacation payout, tax return, 401k, and student loans to make it that year which was after I backed this , granted I have an ok job now, but the point is if someone like me on the lower income scale can absorb this cost to the point where it's barely a memory and not one I care about: you lot have 0 excuse! @Partrick We agree that the creators need to grow a pair and tell us what's up -- good or bad. The quiet just leads all to believe the worst... Reported to Kickstater also. Believed to be a scam I tend to think the best of people...I don't think that there was criminal intent. It's some smart guys that had a great idea and then ran into way more problems than they could handle, and don't want to come out with the bad news that the project is delayed again or (more likely), that the few watches that have been shipped are all that will be built. I was worried back in November 2013 when the band was changed from stainless steel to titanium. It was presented as a "feature", but nobody makes changes that late in a project unless there are major problems. The later change from Ti 6-4 to Nitinol was also a concern, as it was another significant change but it was barely mentioned. Guys, if this is a failure, then man up and let us know the details. If we don't get our watches this will at least serve a good purpose as a case study in the difficulty of bringing an innovative product to market. This user's account has been deleted. @Toby, Yeh, CST-01 is different from Apple watch, but not because one is a smart watch and one is not... The difference is that one of them actually exist. Kickstarter has already gotten its share of the funding, so they really will not do anything about this project. It makes Kickstarter look like it is helping scams but they are covered by the terms of use. Kickstarter is not concerned about its reputation. Backers really have no voice unless the media or an attorney general get involved. I've reported this project to Kickstarter and sent a message to Kickstarter Support explaining what has happened, that everyone thinks this project is a scam, and that I expect them to investigate this project. I've attempted to contract Flextronics to politely find out more information, but haven't managed to connect with the appropriate folks. Let's get someone from Chicago to confront these guys. To everyone saying this is now obsolete, and you would prefer an Apple Watch.... they are totally different products. This is not a smart watch, it's a thin watch. If your complaining about that, then you should have bought a Pebble watch instead of backing this. Please give me the refund I requested months ago! Should have bought an Apple Watch, sigh......... Also reported to Kickstarter. Reported to Kickstarter. Two years now, gentlemen... Please send me my watch or a refund before the Apple Watch arrives. "You fall into hell on the fraud"? Best line ever! Still your English is better than my grasp of any other language. Would have been nice to put this money towards the iwatch. Those still desperate to receive their item should prepare themselves for disappointment. This watch is now already obsolete. An expensive bangle at best Reported A gift for my wife 2 years ago and I'm still holding out hope (and I'm still hearing about the allusive gift I supposedly "bought"). As a product designer and owner of my own studio, I know what a long and perilous journey it is to bring your/clients concept from a sketch on a napkin, to reality. But holy hell boys, this is pretty brutal. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they bit off too much, too soon, and with little knowledge as to how it would be accomplished. But for a couple of IDEO alums, I'm a bit perplexed as to how it went soooo wrong. Backing is a gamble. And for all my friends out there who have lost hope and have vowwed to never fund again, I urge you to give others a shot. I've had good luck with a lot of really hard working and driven entrepreneurs looking to bring a product idea to life. Kickstarted was a gamechanger for the Everyman with a dream, and it still is. All any of us can do is keeping shooting positive energy into the atmosphere and hope to god it drops on these fellas and lights a fire under their ass! Dear All， Can we refer this case to mass media for assistance? "I feel bad for this team of guys, they seem to really want to fulfil their commitment to backers" No, no they obviously don't want to fulfill their commitment or even provide the smallest update or bit of information to use. It's been delays after lies after delays after lies. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I feel bad for this team of guys, they seem to really want to fulfil their commitment to backers but bit off more than they chew. Adding to the issue, is the great array of smart watches that are flourishing and now we all wish we spend our money on those. Its a tough situation and issuing refunds would only make it worst. I really want to REFUND. Already this product became old type. Has anyone received their watch yet? Or will we see another update in 6 months saying that they had a shipping error and they are going to try this again only to get our hopes up and then stomp them right back into the ground. Refund please! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Where my watch........... You fall into hell in the fraud . I have been asking for a refund since 3 months now on practically every Social Network they are present on and still no reply. Not even an acknowledgment that they received any one of my messages. Such people should be sued. Project may complete or may fail, it's the 'no-communication' that is shameful. <url>’Leary will read any of this but on the very small chance that any of them do: Tell us what went wrong and I honestly believe things will work out far better for you than if you keep ignoring us backers. Most of us still have sympathy for you but it is drying up really fast now. To quote Christopher Walken: I've got a fever, and the only prescription is ... a FREAKIN' UPDATE! Seriously, the customer relationship skills at CST are truly astounding. Update! @Matthias, I was commenting in reply to someone else in the comments below. Yesterday, I asked here about the font they were supposed to give out to people. I asked if it had been sent already, and apparently it had about a year ago, and I had missed it. Someone was kind enough to give me access to it. I was musing that I didn't even remember getting it, so I might have missed it when I was missing an internet connection. @Ana what are you telling everyone with your comment? Did you actually receive something? Thanks so much, guys! I don't know how I missed it. Probably they sent during one of those months while I was travelling without access to the internet, and got lost in the shuffle when I returned home. Seriously we made them rich, the least they could do is own up to the scam so we can move on. I'm about to fly out there and put my jiu-jitsu black belt skills to work on these thieves Update!! Update!!! if you dont give us all a response in a week i will want my money back. Also have reicever nothing and am fed up with this project... demanding refund. ok, first i want all to know that i don't want to defend this guys. but i want to say clearly that the iwatch isn't superseeding the cst because they are two totally different concepts. the iwatch will be a smartwatch with many different functions. CST is one of the dumbest watch on the market! it can only show you the time and nothing else. but for that it is the freakin thinnest watch in the world! and i f**king want it! i want it now! so where is my watch? Ok. Been patient for quite a while now (like 2 years!). Not been **** in here too much and held my tongue. But in all seriousness, how do I get my money back so I can put it towards an Apple Watch?! Lost interest in this. This product is now superseded. Has anyone in the UK tried to get their money back from their credit card company? Isn't that a thing that you can do when buying online in the UK? Or is this somehow exempt?I'll have to look it up... I have waited and watched, and unfortunately i gave them money for another with their post kickstarter sales. As many have stated if this does end up being a bust i will be leary of future kickstarter/crowd sourced ventures. How about an update from one of these two soon? Out of interest, if/where there is a class action suit filed - how does that sit with non US backers? Would we be entitled to any kind of compensation? I'm in the UK, I know when Wachovia went bust, there was a class action and I got compensation as a share holder, not sure how this would work though. Update! Update! Update! Update! Did they only ship the 20 boxes in the pictures and thats it? My backer number is in the 40's and I picked black (Which what they said they've started shipping..) So.. What happen? Give an update at least! Jiminy crickets! Any updates would be appreciated, us international backers have had no information regarding delivery dates, my last check was 2013 which is a tad behind schedule I believe. Smart watches are coming out and my cst o1's will end up an expensive display piece if it takes any longer. Class Action Lawsuit? Where is my watch guys? This is getting a bit outrageous. If you can't have my watch to me within the next two weeks, I will be expecting a refund. I still do not have to hand the CST-01 . When do you send the product to me? Yes, c'mon guys, where's Christian's watch? Where is my watch? Since I am not living in the US, I can't use this complaint-document. To make it clear: Damn you, CST-01. Your only achievment is, that I won't support any crowdfunding project anymore. Sorry, accidental post :D @Ana Luckily I made a copy of the CST-font on my dropbox. You can download it from here: <url>"report this project to kickstarter". The option is on the main page at the bottom. J S Both Dave Vondle as Jake O Leary were employed by IDEO when they started this project. Only after the kickstarter they founded CST-01, it is somewhere in update #14. Bit worrisome that Jake has left the ship, wonder what the relation between Dave and Jake is now. Jake must be a very smooth talker, being able to to talk his way out of this mess during a job interview! Keats, It says IDEO LABS there on top of the page describing the evolution of the CST. <url>– and thank you! For f%#ks sake, I don't mind being patient for the watch if there were reasonably regular updates. @j s & @Stephen. Good luck. That would be great Stephen, when I emailed Flextronics they kind of said the CST was just one of their customers and not anything more. Maybe Ill also contact IDEO since the initial design seemed to have been done while our two CST founders worked for them. I assumed back then that IDEO would be more involved in this since it was on document headers featuring the watch and our founders mentioned IDEO a couple of times. However if IDEO would really have been behind the project I doubt we would have had to wait 2 or even more years, since its one of the coolest companies Ive ever seen. So even if its pointless I want to email them and maybe they'll contact their two former co workers (our CST founders) and who knows maybe we get some more information. Any straw at this point :-( I seem to remember that they are using Flextronics in Milpitas for at last some aspects of the final assembly. I think it's worth contacting Flextronics and ask them what's going on here. I work very nearby and being a supply chain guy and knowing Flextronics for several years I'm willing to give it a shot. Not holding out a lot of hope but nothing ventured nothing gained... @Simon The fact that someone who pre-ordered the watch from their website and has received it before us backers who back the project a couple of years ago is a complete piss take. @Mark No you are right, I misused the word spare when I mentioned the extra cash, I would have edited at the time but there's no option :P What I meant was that all of that extra money gave them more security and a better playing position to finish the project, the extra margin could have paid for more machines or workers on the production line - for example - which would enable them to greater succeed. But they didn't. @Simon; Yeah, I would have to think that seeing someone who pre-ordered get the watch first—only adds to my (and possibly others') thoughts that the people who DID get this thing were specifically chosen because they would post online about it, and they were family or business partners of CST. Anyway... I feel like this is the same as complaining about gas prices. We can piss and moan, but it's not going to do any good in yielding any response or get us the REAL story about what's going on... If ANYTHING, it [might] spur another half-assed update about some BS delay, leaving us all scratching our heads, while a couple of people spout off, "Thanks CST, I never lost hope!!!" Whatever. @Sean Good point. Still, up to a certain point you are able to "make a decision". By deciding for the pledged amount you somewhat influence the outcome. I know this is a bit far fetched but I think that this is the way this investment works. However, I think your idea of forcing project owners' reliability on communication and overall project management through Kickstarter guidelines is excellent. And I would add that this should not start at as much as 1m $ but be valid for every funded project. I think that every backer has the right to be informed about the state of his investment. @Jamie I have backed another project on Kickstarter (Movie Kung Fury) and the creators are showing how communication should be done. They provide very regular updates with footage from the production and try to release everything as scheduled even though the project also was overfunded and by that the creators have the opportunity to extend the movie and put more SFX in it and so on. i've found something i find very interesting: a guy who has preordered it gets it before most of the backers <url>"They've had over FIVE TIMES the amount of money that they claim they needed, thats over $800,000 in spare money and some SERIOUS mismanagment" which completely ignores the costs of production. I seriously doubt that after all this time there is plenty of "spare money" to ease their way through this. I'm not trying to defend CST – their lack of communication is grim, and still taking pre-orders when they have something like 8000 Kickstarter watches to produce but have yet to figure out a way to produce them in anything other than hand-made quantities is downright dishonest. anita, I may be interested in swapping with you if the small black/black I ordered is too small. I have been following this from early on (backer #176) and while I often felt forgotten, I chose not to join in on the negative posts because I didn't feel it was worth my time. Probably still isn't - but here it is - That someone at CST took the time to update the prices and layout for pre-orders on their site, as opposed to posting even the smallest of updates on here has seriously shoved me in the wrong direction. Where is my watch? @Mark So your saying that if they had only gotten the 200,000 originally asked for, CST Would have been better able to fulfill their obligations. I don't think that is right. Yes they do have a much greater amount of watches to make, but this would also help to get price breaks on components because of larger orders. It would also push the suppliers to fill thier orders quicker. They went with the lowest possible cost to maximize profits. (there is nothing wrong with this. It is the goal of a company to make money) They just chose suppliers that could not handle the volume needed, and then blamed everyone else and WILL NOT be honest with the backers. Sending out just a few test watches to friends and collegues to post fake reviews is just flat out wrong. if they shipped these few to help with legal proceedings, it is really going hurt their creditability. @Jamie O'Rourke You have to realise that the money doesn't necessarily help, and can hinder. For each additional backer over their minimum they have to provide a watch. Far from having loads of spare money to splash round, if they can't get the yield high enough then they could lose money on each watch produced, which is a nightmare when you have 7.5K backers... They logged in today and again they provided no update. Matthias your comment is very fair. I would add though, that "investment" implies ownership or decision making power, and we have none of those things. This is pledging for a product. The word investment should not be used when discussing kickstarter. Furthermore, the terms of use here are totally unsupportive of backers. payment is immediate, but there are no deadlines or requirements for creators. KS has proven they are unwilling to work with backers who are trying to track down their rewards. IMO, Kickstarter should change the way they operate for projects that raise more than a million bucks. If you're talking about that kind of money, there need to be--at the very least--hard requirements for updates and communication. @Matthias This is my first and only KS backing. It's put me off trying again. It's not so much that I don't know that it's an investment in an idea - if they didn't make enough funding or they it wasn't achievable half way through, then I'd be ok losing money. But this is different, they've had WWAAAAYYYY more than enough money and time and still nothing, it screams of a scam more than a bad investment. I buy shares too, but I buy what looks like it has winning potential, this did and now look at it, so it's really put me off as now I know that no matter how good something on KS looks, there's a big chance it's a scam. Backing this CST watch was like backing a simple project like a paper aeroplane (and let's not get ahead of ourselves, they're just had to bend some metal, whilst tricky, it isn't rocket science) with the team having £50,000 instead of £10,000. Sounds like a no brainer right? Turns out I was wrong. I've been following the discussion for the last weeks, shortly after they released their shipping update. I have to confess that the update provided a little spark of hope for me but as nothing happened since then, well, I have given up on the thought of ever receiving the watch. Seeing links like those of Neil underpins this. I agree with Jamie's thought on the shipment of test-watches... Still, I cannot understand people fully that say that this campaign would stop them from ever backing again on kickstarter. In the end, everybody should be aware that this is how investments work. You are never guaranteed to receive a kickback from an investment. Thats just how it goes. Doesn't matter whether it is a watch on Kickstarter or a funding for a company e.g. in shares. And, this project was presented exceptionally well so that one was tempted to invest, especially with such a nice looking reward on the line. Reference Neil's link, the user states "Workmanship ist not 100% perfect, at a close look it has some minor flaws. Doesn't look look mass-produced, more like (semi-) hand-assembled. " Which just reinforces my belief that they have been shipping the test/beta units and haven't started producing at a commercial level Wow -- they really did change the prices at <url>"Based on our most recent estimates, new pre-orders should be fulfilled in early summer, 2014". That really doesn't inspire confidence. Deleting the above sentence is the absolute minimum they should have done and, given they had to log on to the system to change the prices, would have been totally trivial to do. "Last login Feb 26 2015": Will there be watches? Until a week ago I thought "This is far too elaborate for a scam." According to the internet and this forum (so not super trustworthy or anything), this person pre-ordered the watch and was not a Kickstarter backer, and he got his watch early February. <url>"respectful and considerate" of their backers. A shipping update is not too much to ask for, especially this far out from the funding date. It's been months now that I've requested a refund and still no response from these guys. Either deliver the product or refund the people asking for it. This is ridiculous. Christian, I would back that project. I even live in Chicago, you can bunk with me. Maybe I should start a Kickstarter Project to kick the CST Team in the ass. My project would fund the trip to the US, Hotel stay until I meet them and a rental car. How many backers would I get for this? Deep sigh!!! It's the not knowing that's the worst. CST just post a yes or no! How difficult is that? BTW I suspect if I am to ever get a CST-01 it maybe long after I receive my Pebble time Steel. <url>"patience of an infant". My reward is seventeen months late so far and my starting to get upset is the "patience of an infant". Which infant? Gandhi? Where can I check my shipping address? Has anyone had any success in obtaining a refund? hehe "patience of an infant", so it's over a year late, what kind of timescale do you think is unacceptable for a 12 month project that was 5x over funded to be late by? You know, purely out of interest :) @Andrew Dill ... nice comparison ... but 2,9cm in a plastic housing vs. 0,80mm titanium couldn't really be compared And I'm still hoping to get my Nando Rossi an I hope it will last longer then 7 days with one charge. Its really funny to see adults behaving like they have the patience of an infant. How is the shipping going? They definitely bumped up their prices on their website. I can't imagine paying $300 for nothing. And, I'm wondering if at that rate they're responding to any of the pre-order folks (if there are any). Where is my watch? Guys, just get shipping updates - but no actual shipping !! Has anyone actually received this watch ? It's been about a month since your last update... When will I receive my CST watch? <url>– here's hoping they manage the project somewhat better than CST (and yes, I know Pebble's history – I'm hoping they've learned a lot a long the way). Interesting tidbit from their KickStarter blurb: "At anytime up until your watch has shipped, you may request a full refund by emailing <email>" – which is cool. Still want my CST-01 though as it's a very different animal. Dear All, I wanna buy this watch because the design is not the same with the usual and I love it. Two years have gone, many smart watch appeared today and I am so confused. I don't want waste my money, and I wish I can make it back. But I am from Hong Kong, I don't know how to fight for that. Should I believe Kickstater? trust CST? and still have a hope for get this watch? Sorry for my poor English. Argh -- I see what people are talking about: <url>"If you're the owner of this store Please sign in to resolve the issue, or contact support." Which doesn't read like a problem with shopify (who host the domain), so CST's site has been taken offline by shopify? @GWE. I guess a lot of people don't complain, because some don't like to repeat said things. I am totally sick of CST. They totally suck in everything but making us curious und giving false hope. I don't think that any of us will receive a watch nor his money back. Sad... IMO $150 is a lot of money. But its crowdfunding so there was always the chance of loosing your money. I just couldn't imagine, because they overreached their goal by 500 %. After 2+ years and thousands upon thousands of unhappy comments, CST has yet to care. They have never met their promised timeframes for "regular" status updates to us, the "Funders," and until very recently, they still misled regarding product availability and readiness on their website: since things got difficult, has it ever really seemed like they truly cared? In the VC world, Funders make the Founders care ... or they get replaced. In the Kickstarter world, Funders are treated any way the Founder likes. With CST, that's been poorly. In the end, all CST has become is two guys who just don't care about meeting their obligations. We funders are the shills who have funded their Fun And Games In Corporate America for the past two years. We can't make them more responsible. We can't fire them. All we can do is whine and complain, and if by some miracle in the Courts they are required to pay us back, they can simply declare Chapter 7 Bankruptcy for CST and return to their corporate design jobs. I doubt they'll be richer, and we'll all be a little bit poorer. Like so many with stars in their eyes ... you live and you learn. And a postscript: where DID their website go? @alex CST logged in on 2-24-15. It seems they may read these comments but really don't care about a few backers being upset. CST might change their attitude if a large number of backers were complaining, but I think most backers haven't checked the comments or have forgotten about this project. This has been a disappointing project. I got a letter a month ago from the IL state attorney's office that they haven't responded to their complaint either. Nevertheless, I'll still post this until we receive the product or justice. Filled this out: <url>"Go fund yourself" made me think of this project. Not sure wether to smile or cry... I guess We'll have to do with the font-pack they've send us. There's been a lot of debate about suing CST over this. Right or wrong on the campaign; They are still taking preorders on the website and advertising the watch as shipping in early 2014 - this is false advertising. I'm lead to believe that the defect some of these few watches are showing is a known issue that has been highlighted in previous updates, which means they are knowingly shipping defective products. If someone was to file a lawsuit against them, perhaps these two options would be better than trying to battle against the Kickstarter terms. Anything? @Matthew Parker, Great that you are sticking up for CST again ;-) Speculative opinions are covered by free speech. Only if the one who publishes said opinion knows it to be false it could hold up to the legal definition of Defamation. On top of that knowledge there are many other criteria that have to be met in order for a successful lawsuit. CST doesn't provide any clear facts thus no backer here is defaming CST against better knowledge. There simply is no knowledge. Peter Parker, why are you trying to prevent backers from voicing their speculative opinions? I'm no legal expert and all I know is from some curious Google inquiries. Whoever performs any actions based on what I wrote does it at their own risk. ;-) Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate Failures gonna fail fail fail fail fail we're not gonna up up up up-date cuz it's a lunar holiday! @matthew All the comments on here are basically opinion because CST has not been open with the backers, so we are left to speculate about what is really going on with this project. My view is that a number of comments on this blog are very close to the line between fact based comments, and complete fiction. Complete fiction will only provide CST with potential valid claims against defamation. There have been other backers that have contacted lawyers to start legal action. Backers have also been filing complaints with Illinois better business bureau @GWE What court? Which judge? Which case? Are you making an allegation or is that a comment based on 100% fiction? the small shipping batch and reviews of received watches by their friends and coworkers is for CST to tell the courts that they are trying to fulfill thier obligations to the backers. the courts will se through this charade but it will buy them more time. the statement posted on Instagram just shows you the true face of CST-01 so disgusting makes me sick... What scum don't know if there is anything lower then that. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. remember folks, be respectful and considerate. i guess that rule applies to backer comments but not to creators, who, apparently, have no responsibility to do anything. No pressure to fulfill rewards in a reasonable amount of time. no responsibility to communicate. No standards of quality. I will never crowdsource again. i can't believe after 2 years, the first handful of watches are defective. And what's better: they are defective in a way that cst already acknowledged and apparently failed to address. As many people have pointed out, this kind of work is complicated. You should really only undertake it if you are capable. A lesson for next time, CST. Althouh the two creators of this projects deserve to be punched in the face repeatedly, and made responsible for their actions, sadly we will not be able to stop them creating a new company with a new name and fool other people into giving them money for nothing basically. They have purposely delivered a FEW wathces, so we can't say they didn't ship. CST guys eat Sh.t, but before you do that deilver my watch! Love from the UK. I cant see these two from CST getting any business again in the future. Investors and buyers will stay miles away from them. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Paul, @Christian hasn't -- I think he mentioned it? ;-p But yes, some people have the watch, although very few, and some of those don't work -- look down this comment thread and you'll see. So has anyone actually gotten a watch? Still waiting for mine. Where is my watch? So don't delay act now supplies are running out Allow if you're still alive six to eight years to arrive And if you follow there may be a tomorrow But if the offer's shunned you might as well be walkin' on the sun Maybe this is where things have gone...Looks very similar except it does not tell time but the rest looks almost identical. <url>"detached connector" battery problem that CST said they were having to look out for. If one or both connectors becomes detached from the battery, then the watch will likely work when connected to the charger, as the charger is connected to the battery tags, and they are in turn connected to the circuitry, even if the tag(s) themselves no longer connect to the battery itself. So what you'd see is a watch that tells the time when charging, but sits there telling the time it was disconnected from the charger once it's no longer charging (because E-ink requires no power at all). So even on their tiny production run that's at least one detached battery contact, and one delimitation. And if they're not reading their email then they won't even know. CST -- drop us a hint in the next update -- are you reading these comments? Are you reading your email (which I'm sure must be a pretty toxic read by now)? We know you don't respond, but are you even listening nowadays? well cst...another "quicker updating" lie,a few watches shipped,and defective? and after a million requests for updates,etc...nothing. please put us out of our misery,we only keep checking here on the small chance that it may not be a scam, and we may get a watch eventually. seriously though, the outright refusal to update,etc. is still just pissing people off ad nauseum. get it over with,say it's a bust and we can move on, or else provide a PROPER update, shipping,etc. come on,if you screwed up, fine. we will move on as we have no choice, but answer the god damn requests from your backers, now. no, or yes with a ship date. easy. in 3...2...1...(feb 19, 2;30 a.m.) 3 days before 2 year funding date. It's not like we're asking for the impossible,just the truth. Where is my effin watch ! Wish we could pay them 2 years late This is all real frustrating. I bought these for my wife and I for our anniversary...2 years ago... And I want to cling to the shimmer of hope that these watches (in full working order) are either on their way or soon to be on their way to my doorstep. I hate being in the dark. If it's a scam please just me us know... I'd like to buy a watch...have been wanting to for 2 freaking years now, but I can't justify purchasing Another watch until I know what's going on with this crap. I haven't received my watch yet. How can I confirm it is shipping? @abe I am sure they would replace it since it's obviously defective. I would suspect even they know what the issue may be. If they cannot tell you how to fix it themselves then your going to have to get back in line I would suspect. That sucks even more. Although I got a lockitron that was defective and they replaced it before they finished shipping to all their backers so they didn't make me wait but they are different people for a different project. I would hope they would have a quick turn around for you and you would get yours sooner rather then later. Hopefully they respond to your emails that way you can set up a return. I am one of the sceptics too. I do believe that the shipping was just an attempt to fool us all so they could say we did ship within 2 years of the funding of the project. I do not think that the genuinely tried to ship to all of their backers. I suspect that they are at the point where they could ship, but they have no money to place the bulk order to their manufacturers. I have no faith in them two at all! Amateurs when it comes to project management and fools when it comes to their thinking that the two of them could do this without help. Those who hope to get their watches soon, might be disappointed. We will woon return to the state where everyone is angry at them. This pathetic shipping attempt bought them some time but not much. @BigJeff @Matt nothing worked. Just so everyone knows, this is the exact same tactic the Smartduino scam used. <url>"Where is my watch?" a few times or the one who took a lot of people's money and doesn't give them watches every single day? I think it would be better to ignore Christian and direct your anger and insults at the real problem here. However I can see how trying to talk to CST instead of Christian would be more frustrating since they don't communicate very much and never answer any questions :-p @Christian Schierhorn! In what way is anyone incapable of "following the test stream"? Almost every day you re-post the same sentence:"Where is my watch?" like an upset little boy asking for his promised but never received lollipop. Not starting a comment war here, but I am with Mark on this one. Grow up! Sorry you are incapable following the text stream when messages get re-posted. Love the way some people think that repeatedly asking "Where is my watch?" will help. Presumably they think they'll irritate CST into shipping? Trouble is, the only people it irritates is the rest of us, watching the comment stream whilst waiting for our watches. Where is my watch? Months? I wish. Where is my watch? Been waiting since Sept 2013!!! How many more months do I have to wait? This is just amazing!!! #BigFail!!! Where is my watch ? Where is my watch? @Anthony Wang You can update your shipping details by visiting the CST01 kickstarter project page, then on the right hand side (where it lists all the rewards), locate your selected reward (it should be highlighted in green), and if you've already filled out the shipping form in the past, there should be a paragraph at the bottom titled "Survey sent:" with a link next to the sent date titled "Your response". Click this "Your response" link, which will open a modal window displaying your survey response + shipping address you provided. At the top of this window, you should have a yellow highlighted paragraph titled "Need to change your address? Click here. (All other answers are final.)"... Clicking the "Click here" link will allow you to update your shipping address. It seems that none of us who is leaving a comment here has not received the watch <url>"Contact me" button multiple times, but no response. Where is my watch? Nice catch Matt and great investigation work. I won't believe anything CST claims until I see a working watch in my hand. This kickstarter does not appear to be a scam, the creators appear to be "trying" to complete things, they are just slow as hell and greatly underestimated their time frame for when things would be completed and shipped out. I mean this is $130 for a watch, it is annoying, it is unprofessional on CST's part, but it is not the end of the world. Just keep waiting, try not to think about it. If you want to see an ACTUAL scam kickstarter, here is one I backed where the creator made multiple accounts under different names, zero updates after the first few months of nothing being completed, no refunds, the guy just disappeared: <url>#8175 from Germany, waiting for the Nando Rossi edition. I'll wear it on the grand opening of the new Berlin Airport ;) What is the rate of production and shipping? How fast are these things rolling out? There are over 7000 of us and if batches are 50 at a time it's going to be awhile. :( @Matt I have received replies from them on 3 occasions. I have only contacted them 3 times. I am sure recently they have stopped all personal communication other then official because they may have had to lawyer up because of all the people that stirred the pot. Maybe they pushed the project along maybe they slowed it down. We will never know what the threat of suing or official complaints had. But the fact that watches are on people's wrists is huge progress. We essentially went from this is a sham to real product on real people's hands. There will always be those who find the negative in this positive news. But the progress is undeniable and irrefutable. It is shipped which is the beginning of the end game. End game being all backers receiving their rewards. I believe personally they had the majority of their orders in the medium size. It makes sense to go after the most ordered and tackle that tiger. Some people say go after the small stuff first but when making orders you cannot say you need 1k large. You have to get the biggest number that is when ordering pieces the cheapest. By the time they get to large or small they should have more money rolling in or have the process better nailed down. Either way that is my opinion. And take it for what it's worth. Lol digital words on a comment section...... has anyone been able to receive a direct response from the creators? I've tried contacting them on several occasions for several different reasons and have never received a response. not even any kind of acknowledgment that they received my messages or requests. ...just watched their video for this watch....listening to it all again after all this time just sounds like lies. Poses some frustrating questions as to why we are where we are. @GWE - I think it is safe to assume only 35 shipped. I'm backer #231, black, medium and received the "we're starting to ship, confirm your address" email from CST on Jan 29th. Nothing arrived, even though I'm in California just 40 miles from where someone did confirm receipt. I think this is going to take a LOOOOooooooooong time ........ @JS I think most of the backers would like to be kept informed of what is going on, even if it is bad news. CST is not respecting the backers by not communicating. As far as changing jigs to run other sizes, EAch time CST changed something it became a problem and therefore a setback. They had a problems with the tooling or components. Maybe they have shipped hundreds of watches but without information, we can only see the 35 watches that were in the pictures. After this amount of time wouldn't you want to let everyone know you shipped hundreds of watches to reassure your backers instead of having them speculate that only 35 shipped? @GWE: Retooling / setup changes might not be the bottle neck CST is having. If they are anyways waiting for some parts from a supplier for a few weeks they can use the idle time to change whatever needs to be changed to produce a smaller or bigger band. Until a real update appears we can only guess. I think keeping us guessing is better for CST than telling the truth about the kinks otherwise they would tell us more often what is really going on. If the truth however is really really bad then keeping us in the dark might be their best option. Still our imiganition might be worse than it actually is. For example did everybody see the picture of a backers watch where the top part separates from the frame? Accident which they have missed (how could they in this tiny 1st batch?) or something which might happen to most watches ones they flex a bit here and there? Because CST started with the medium size it would make sense for them to complete medium size for each type of watch. This would have the least setup changes between bands. (seems logical but it doesn't mean CST will follow logic) Those of us that ordered small or large bands will have a long wait. @Jamie O'Rourke I see your point, and I hope that the so-called "kinks" are just the nuisance of scheduling what's going to be assembled next and how to ship to their respective backers. We are talking about 7000+ watches of a couple color options and addresses all over the world, and it doesn't seem like the CST team has anyone particularly proficient with this. @Trogdor - indeed, i see you've made many of the same project choices i have too! we have such good luck! Where is my watch? I was in the first 500 backers and ordered a large black band. Is there any estimate on when I'll receive my watch? @Shane Same boat. This project was before my rule of picking either white or black [or whatever color is offered FIRST and/or has the greatest quantity of backers]. thinking perhaps i shouldn't have asked for a nando rossi, and just went for the standard early bird :/ You have to ask yourselves, if the manufacturing process is now at a consumer level with units being shipped - what are these new "kinks" that they mention. @Victor Cheung I believe the previous updates have had more detail because they were trying to pad them out and rework old issues with new wording to compensate for the frequent delays. well, feb 8th,sunday evening.2 more weeks until feb 22 exactly. the 2 year date since the project was funded,back in 2013. some watches are shipping as of the last week or so,but still no concrete info for the rest of us, by way of the (aforementioned a million times) lack of updating. the majority of us will be after the 22nd 2 year mark. i so wish someone would have gotten it through their heads that non-responsiveness is just plain bad. i would say all of the complaints on here,by those of us vocal enough about it,have been regarding the terrible lack of communication,which has still not been resolved,regardless of a small batch shipping. we would all still appreciate a proper update, a timeling for the rest of the product shipping dates,but i fear,as usual,the cries for simple updating will be completely ignored. cst,we are happy that some of your backers are finally getting actual product. thats great. for the majority of us still waiting,could you not just,for once,come on and give us the quick update/timeline/whatever. we could use it. thanks for your consideration. Agreed. I wouldn't hold my breath. After a few reports of backers receiving their watches there seems to be a pause, which concerned me about the current yield and actual shipping schedule. Of course we can't assume all backers would post a comment here when they receive their watches, but I'd expect a more steady flow of report of this sort. After the creators taking their sweet time in this shipping update one would expect more details. But all they have is a "careful to start slow" and with nothing concrete like yield and the "kinks" they are working out of. They have been pretty good at providing details in most of their earlier updates so people are more forgiving towards the lack of frequency. But at this stage when most of the things should be in place and in order I'd expect a more frequent update, primarily about the logistics (e.g. timeline for various models, domestic/international shipment schedule). Checking Update #17 again gave me a bitter smile as how much time has passed since their production and shipping estimation (and the plan to produce all models in parallel). I understand that it must be quite a turmoil for the creators as they started off as designers for a never-been-made product, and they probably haven't encountered so many hurdles in production and shipping in this scale. But at this stage I really hope they have learned about the importance in communication (and work on that), and finish off with a successful campaign (in the sense of realising the product and have it delivered). People thinking that everything is OK because a few watches have been shipped are really naive. It is better than no news of course, but not that much. Fully agree with Mark comment. Where is my watch? .... NM I just found others Not to be cynical, has anyone noticed that ALL of the photos of the watch are showing 12:34... Agreed. "We're shipping" isn't really news, "We're starting high volume production" is what the majority of us need to hear -- hundreds a week would mean production taking literally years. The numbers are boggling if they can't get to full-on production speed. I really hope they get there, but it's way too early for the high-fives (and for the told-you-so brigade to get excited). I'm glad that some of these are finally shipping and look forward to getting mine. (Large Nando Rossi) I don't expect it anytime soon. They are doing one size and band type per run because they only have one machine per step, by doing the black with plain band in medium will probably cover the largest group of backers. This also covers them for any law suits because they are making an effort to get some of the watches out. We will have to wait and see if all the watches actually make it to the backers @Jamie O'Rourke I think the same as you. There is something "odd" in this shipping procedure and everything surrounding the project... I am a bit of a rookie here. How do we determine our backer numbers? Thanks. I hope I get mine before the release of the apple watch. Who would have thought! I think Rainer and I have a valid question regarding if tracking onfo is provided or not. I know they're busy but a quick yes or no would have easily made us happy. Please hire a pr guy cause all this lack of info has angered people. Anger was easily avoidable in most cases. @vision Feel free to leave then. It does baffle me how narrow minded some people are exclaiming that an opinion is "whining". Show me the mass shipping, the mass production and the shipping schedule and I'll happily be more positive. But you can't because we have little communication, broken promises, delays, more delays and more delays and photos of 7-35 apparently completed watches and a half empty cage with a note saying "we're shipping". Opinions and intelligence aside, just look at the evidence, it's not hard to see that negativity towards the project wins. .... aha... the first whining guy is already back after some days with happy comments posted by patient so far silent backers.... I can't read this shit anymore! ... further to my previous comment, if they are shipping the watches, this is pretty massive news - why no shipping schedule? I wish there was a way to change my color choice. I originally went with Nando Rossi, but now I really want the Rose Gold. Any suggestions? Call me skeptical, but we only really ever see VERY low quantities of watches, and they often appear to show the same 7 units. I did see the tray of 35 watches, but that's hardly going to impact on the 7,500 backers PLUS pre-orders. That cage looks pretty empty for shipping thousands of watches. They know the state of the comments section and the talk of legal action etc. I'm not saying it's true, but sending out a small amount of watches would certainly shut everyone up and buy them some more time - especially if they went to the biggest voices on the comments board. Don't expect your watch any time soon, even at 1,000 watches shipped a week you're still looking at over 2 months for complete fulfilment. (and lets not forget for a completed "shipping" product with years of hype, the website is still 2 years out of date and the social media hasnt been touched) @Rainer Backer #138 from Germany. Early Bird special: black, raw titanium, small. No shipping note yet. Will keep you updated. @Rainer, I'm backer #78XX from Germany and also picked the "Nando Rossi" Version in size L or M (can't remember ;-) ). I'll post something as soon as I receive something like Dan :-) Cheers Dear Rainer, #638 also from Germany. Will post as soon as I get something. Hey CST-Fans from Europe (especially Germany), maybe we can keep each other updated. I am backer #691 and ordered a Nando Rossi in size S. I'm going to post any information about the shipping process as soon as I got some. Maybe you other Europeans can do as well. Hey guys, thanks for the good news. I also wondered whether we get a tracking ID or an email, when our watch is shipped. If there's anyone outside the US, maybe even from Europe and got his/her watch, pls post a comment :). Thanks in advance. Prolly a troll. And plus how could you not make different size and color?... FAIL... "and thanks so much for keeping us up to date every step of the way." I loled. Glad to see you're shipping! Great job, guys, and thanks so much for keeping us up to date every step of the way. I'm #655 canada and still no word. Are we sent a tracking # when shipped? Just curious. Anyone outside the US received theirs yet? Where is my watch? It would be nice to get a shipping schedule for each size and version so everyone knows in which order you ship and has a guess for the delivery date. I pledged for Nando Rossi, size L. I bet i will be one of the latest. Shipping to Germany also takes more time. Thank you very much, I almost lost hope. excellent, its been a long time but good job. @Big Jefv I measured my wrist correctly, according to CST's instructions. My concern is that the watch seems to be coming up smaller than people expected. If you take a paper template and wrap it around your wrist, you end up with a smaller measurement than if you wrap something like a bangle around your wrist, as the bangle doesn't conform to the shape of your wrist. My wrist is precisely at the end of the range for "small" so I went for small as suggested by CST -- so if they so come up a little bit smaller than that I'll be stuffed. Matthew -- perhaps you could switch off your sneer? All problems with a pretty, ultra-thin watch are very much first-world problems by definition -- nobody could say any of us _need_ it like we need food, water and shelter. Hey great, this is finally happening! Awesome, well done guys. I've never seen more apologists and I-told-ya-so individuals come crawling out of the woodworks than when the product actually ships, two years later. It's sort of funny. Well done CST. Wish you could have updated more often but it looks great, way to stick with it @Jakub, Right!? That image from the update looks way better, and totally different... Are the others seeing that their watch contacts are the same as what is shown in that Flickr link? Are the packages shipping USPS then? Judging by the pictures, that's what it seemed like. Like many of you I have been patiently sitting back and waiting for this latest update. I never doubted that we would get to this point, although I had concerns as to when it would happen given the bumpy road. Can't wait to receive my CST, and see what two years of patience (on my end) and a buttload of hard work (on their end) earned me. Any backers receive a black on black watch yet? I'd love to see some real world pictures of it. @Mark??? They provided a paper template. And you were able to print it out on any paper you wanted to and wrap all three sizes around your wrist. I agree with your post up until you blame someone else for you sizing your wrist wrong? I printed all 3 sizes on regular paper cut them out and bought the size I felt comfortable with. No one is responsible for the size but you. I think they would take the returns but in your case it wouldn't be because they messed up rather because you did. I don't think you have to make a case for them to take it back so long as you don't open it and tell them you have the wrong size. I love that CST have started shipping and send out an update...yet people still find something to complain about. Such first world problems. I have to admit I'm concerned at how tight the medium bands are in the photos we've seen recently. I took CST's advice and, given my wrist size is between medium and small, went for small. If CST hasn't allowed for the paper template deforming more easily around our wrists (which are quite square and not the neat oval of the bangle), then that small band isn't going to fit. If that's the case, I wonder if CST will accept a return? After all, if it doesn't fit and I followed their instructions to the letter, then that's their mistake, not mine... @CST, thank you for starting shipments. It has been a long road for everyone. I would have appreciate more communication. I think if you learn anything from this project that should be the number one message. As backers, we can understand the delays, but only if you keep us informed. This was the first KS project I ever backed, and I'm glad it is coming to a conclusion. @Christan, thanks. That isn't visible on the mobile site, so I was scratching my head. after all the fuss, I would like to congratulate cst team for their hard work,it's been proved time and times again that a good intention with dedication can really come a long way to bring us a fantastic product! After reading all the comments from people who already gave up i am still happy they finally made it. Still from a communication point of view it was a desaster. One question about: <url>#12? "We have also further refined the details of the charging and data port. The inclusion of an anisotropic silicone layer will protect the watch even further from moisture. It will raise the level of the contact area by 0.5mm to reduce mechanical wear and ensure a good connection when placed in the charger. It also hides the previously exposed contacts, giving the watch a cleaner appearance." <url># 94 backer hope I'll get mine soon I have become accustomed (unfortunately) to basically every kickstarter campaign vastly underestimating their time frame for completion and when rewards go out. This would have been nice to get sooner, but I basically just forgot about this and have not lost any sleep over it. Stuff happens, I am fine with it. I can understand others feeling like they want a smart watch or like they invested in this and other things came out in the mean time, but the CST-01 seems to be in a different category. It will be thinner, sleeker, and more of a fashion piece, nothing changed in my opinion, it will still fit all of those criteria. None of my friends or acquaintances have anything remotely close to this product, it is very unique. I am excited to finally get this! This group of whiny, angry, faux-litigious, nothing-better-to-do people has never been more quiet than when they're actually getting their watches. I love it. And I'm excited to get my watch. If these are already shipping... they should have provided notification beforehand to let those that moved know so they could change the address before they shipped. I imagine that a number have basically lost their unit due to wrong addresses, and this sudden update basically serves as notification of the occurrence. Luckily I have the CST-01NR for my pledge, so I should be ok, but I feel sorry for those that got screwed by this last update. Excited to finally get my watch! Just wanted to post that I had almost relegated this to a charity for my money - glad to see it's on it's way! That's great news and again I'm glad to see backers are getting their rewards. I'm a bit concerned about the tightness of the watch but would probably only be able to find out when I get mine (small). Not sure if it's possible, but given that the base stations' serial numbers are being scanned, perhaps a simple tracking system can be implemented (e.g. how many of a certain SKU is shipped). The Myo armband had that setup after a lot of concerns being raise to when the units will be sent. In the mean time I welcome updates/comments from backers who receive theirs. I can definitely share their thrills! Thanks for the update and good luck with the shipping! @Ben Dude that watch seems a little tight lol. It looks like it's wrinkling your skin. But if your happy that's all that matters! Luckily I am 606 on the list but I got the medium black watch so I may be in the first batches hopefully. Whooo! :D I can't believe it's shipping before the Apple Watch lol Well, that's a nice surprise. With as many size and color SKUs, I hope you'll be more communicative about what's is shipping when. @Shane:Your statements are valid for you and some others who are interested in smart watches and similar things.... but for all others who want this beautiful watch because it is just a watch you are talking simply bullshit!!! And for sure I would invest again in a new version because I never lost faith for this project. I was just an Investor... nothing else! During the last two years I didn't care about updates, timelines or lack of communication... I just was sure that they are working on this project. Now they start to deliver the watch and I am looking forward to hold it in my hands soon. All this Apple and Google Android shit for me has nothing to do with CST-01. And I am sure that I am not alone.... CST - I've been looking forward to receiving my watch for two years. I'm still looking forward to it. However, your execution of this project has been a comedy of errors. Trust me, I know that in a massive project you encounter all kinds of issues you never could have predicted - just experienced one like that over the weekend myself. But one of the core issues behind the dissatisfaction of your backers is that we invested in the project back 2013 when it was new and special; now with smart wearables being the new great technology, it's frankly not very relevant anymore. At this point, you may very well have backers receiving Apple Watches before the CST-01 they fronted cash for two years ago. And it's only a watch. I have a Pebble that's far more useful than the CST-01 and cost less. If this had shipped a year ago, no one would care. But at this point unless you have some brilliant marketing strategy and a great new version in the pipeline, your business model stops as soon as the last CST-01 ships. That'll be a sad day for everyone involved; it even goes so far as to cast a shadow over Kickstarter as a whole, since this was supposedly one of the most successful campaigns they ever had. This is not just a communication issue - which is a real, legitimate issue, though who would really like to hear about the next big problem with production every week in their email - it's a project management failure. Even IF you had designs for a new version with connected bluetooth tech or something, nobody is going to want to invest in it no matter how brilliant it seems. Just ship what you pledged to your backers so we can all leave it on a shelf and move on with our lives. : by all mean, this shit storm of rage should NEVER happened if the CST team do the right shit in the first place, don't hate don't blame the raged backers, due to CST's lack of communication skills. So long as the finished products are shipping, as advertised as it was, but i still found it very unpleasant. There are no update whatsoever after #28. Is it that difficult to be informative? even though it is now shipped to some folks, I am still not happy due to how CST had handled this projects, we are not just some jackass backed the project and hope for nothing, we backed CST-01 because we WANTED to be a part of that "thing", we are left out of it, the reward for backers do include updates with the finished product at the end, not just the finished product, it's the entire show that counts, what matter was the entire journey with a happy ending (if this is a movie). No, this shit show is lousy, and I am not going to back anything ever again, from this one time experience, CST had hurt many of the backers' feeling deeply, even if it is unintentionally, a shatter glass can not be repair without scar. Well done CST, Well done, a bunch of fuxkers @people - backer number does not equal shipping queue, or shouldn't anyways, as an early bird backer who's number is over 6000, it stands to reason that people who moved/managed to upgrade to an early bird, would be likely to receive theirs before a previously backed member, if you get me.. Where is my watch? I came on today to ask for a refund as it's been 2 years since this project finished funding and I haven't had any updates since December (14 months after the original shipping date). Only to find out that people are getting their watches yet there has been no official update since December. This is the worst run crowdfunding campaign I have every backed. @Ben Great photos! Thanks for sharing and a great summary of the watch and the respective quality. never mind found it >>> #2157 not as far back as I thought :) @Ben, nice cant wait to get mine, which appears like it will be a while :S How are people finding out their backer number? Hi there, Did you send my watch?? I cannot find my baker number. For unboxing photos, check out <url>#72, so I was one of the first to back the project. I'll post some photos of the packaging and watch in action here shortly, but I do want to say I think the CST-01 was worth the wait! It's not a smart watch, of course, but it never promised to be. I bought it as an eye-catching fashion accessory - and it definitely fits that description! I think it will look very sharp paired with a well-tailored men's suit, in particular. There is an exquisite attention to detail on the packaging - it was one of the most pleasant things I've unboxed in a long time, and I've done my share of unboxings. A ton of work clearly went into the entire experience, not just the device itself. I think it's unfortunate the creators haven't been posting regular updates on the details, because (glancing over this comments thread) there's a lot of ill will here from lack of communciation... but seeing the finished product, they haven't been neglecting the project. Since they've clearly been spending the time obsessing about every detail of this thing, some time over morning coffee to share even unimportant details of the back and forth with suppliers to refine the design would have gone a long way. I do understand somewhat why it was likely delayed so much, now that I see it. I've worked on a few hardware projects, including a cell phone designed from scratch, and typically the hardware went through multiple iterations until it came back from manufacturing exactly right - engineering verification, design verification, production verification, and final. The watch I received feels like a production verification unit to me: everything is like I hoped it would be, but you can tell that it wasn't mass produced; I suspect yields might not be quite right yet. The watch is perfect, but it seems like some of the packaging might have been hand built (particularly the instruction manual), and the production tolerances on the accessories are a bit less good. (For example, the docking station LED doesn't quite line up exactly right, and I needed a little extra force to insert the watch into the docking station the first time.) But I want to reiterate that my watch itself is exquisite, and that's where I would want them to spend all their time. So in short, keep the faith - IMHO it was worth the wait. I almost prefer this approach - wait forever, but deliver on your promises - to some other projects I've backed that delivered something less spectacular than the campaign suggested they would. Just my $0.02. I'm backer 7009 apparently. Has anyone in the UK received theirs? @Ryan M Agreed. It's also very ugly. The connector should really be on the back side. It's very distracting on the outside of the band. I'm a little concerned about that charging port... I know that they said this thing is water resistant, but that looks like a pretty vulnerable spot on the band... Thoughts? Hi, Does anyone know where you can download the font pack promised? I got the email in March last year, but the link was always 404'd. I only recently remember this project and was curious is all. @Chris, I received a shipping email 2 days before I got my watch. Where is my watch? WHERE THE HELL IS MY WATCH? Has anyone a photo they can share of the packaging along with the watch? Danke @ Christian! Found it! #4274 I'm backer 4267, black CST. To those that have received their watch, what backer number were you and what was the time frame between CST email and delivery date? Can't believe we're chasing these details up amongst ourselves, impressions is that the CST team are "over it", shame really. Tobias, click on your profile link on the top-right corner of the webpage. Select: Backed Projects >> View All Then select CST on the next page... and when there is a little popup giving you a summary of your pledge, in the top part of that popup you can find you backer number. Can't find my backer number anywhere... :-( Great news , guys can u please tell us in which country you are , so we can know if they start the international shipments also . It's seems that the raw titanium black bands their flagship one I guess are the ones shipping. They are probably the most ordered and the easiest to make. It makes sense they would ship first remember Apple and the gold iPhone? I ordered all black which mean they had to have an extra step in the process of color. But I am 606 so hopefully I get mine soon! It is exciting seeing them ship. Also the one that's not flush I am sure they will replace it once they catch up with their orders and get things moving. I just think you may have to wait awhile. Or send it back now and take a chance of waiting again. I say take it somewhere and have them look at what they can do it not get creative. You may need a mini steam roller lol! Look at the updates they have their equipment maybe you can copy it with something. Backer: #3447 (EARLY BIRD SPECIAL) Color: CST-01BL, raw titanium band with a BLACK front surface Size: MEDIUM 17cm - 20cm I received no tracking notice beforehand. Wow, I contributed $1 USD and kinda forgot about it... Randomly remembered it today thinking that I'd go and order one... Had no idea these guys still hadn't shipped to their backers. Pretty crazy... Here's hoping everyone gets their watches soon and I can order one on their website (at some point)! Did anyone who has received a watch receive a tracking notice beforehand or did it just show up with no warning? Dominick: Mine is flush. Backer: #511 (EARLY BIRD SPECIAL) Color: CST-01BL, raw titanium band with a BLACK front surface Size: MEDIUM 17cm - 20cm Great to hear more of us are getting their watches, and thanks for providing some comments and photos. Would it be possible to also provide more details like the size and color? Personally I'd love to hear the small size is being shipped as well :) I'm kind of surprised that the creators haven't mentioned a single word on this, and being able to ship, even to a few at first, is huge. Perhaps they are writing another detailed update and don't want to say anything before they know when will the next batch be coming. I received my watch today. The overall functionality is fine, although it would be nice if the watch could automatically update the time when you plug it into the computer. The only issue I've found with the watch so far is the front cover/housing cover/the black cover isn't firmly attached to the titanium band. I've taken a couple pictures which can be viewed here: <url>"worlds" (anything) type of product. They reached for the stars it's just taking longer than they expected. I don't invalidate any anger, that is something you own. I would never say someone was wrong in their feelings towards this project. I could walk in your shoes I too am a backer. But what I choose to do is not get angry and wish them the best. So while I don't hold the same feelings as some do I don't believe they are wrong. I am glad to see the project moving forward. I hope to see my watch soon! We're not out of the woods yet -- several different finishes, each with its own potential problems, and production that for all we know still has a cripplingly high part-rejection rate. And given they appear to not read their messages / email woe betide anyone who needs to do a return. As ever, they're not saying, and we're having to second guess what's going on... Some context and insights into my views on this whole process. Professionally, in a Programme manager for large projects that typically are complex in nature and span many years. My view is that CST haven't done a bad job...with one exception. They haven't set our expectations with reality. They continued to suggest more frequent updates, but didn't deliver. Personally, I found the comments very transparent and regular enough for my liking (every 6-8 weeks or thereabouts). Projects often don't go as you think they would. It's common...that is project life. You can only address issues as they arise...risks are a different problem all together. I also observe a crazy American culture that thinks the first and only way to solve a problem is legal action. Believe it or not, it sometimes has the reverse effect. People close in and stop sharing..that's because their lawyers in turn will almost always recommend that. I'm please to see CST succeed...with shipping of the first batch now underway. Call me weird, but I get a kick out of people succeeding in life, especially when there are those that say they can't. I'm so great full I had a tiny part to play in their success. Great job CST! � @Matthew - The complaints by many continue to be relevant. Some backers still want and are entitled to a refund and CST continues to disrespect them with not answering emails, comments, etc. When I and the other backers receive the product(s) they invested in and are happy with the build quality then you can make a snarky comment. Whoa, wrong kickstarter. lol @Creeper/Cheetah Butt, For the Chamittens, I think them having chameleon eyes that can see in different directions at once would be good. So they also can't be snuck up on. :) Where is my watch? @Matthew Parker Why? Most "cst knockers" complained about the lack of communication. Did communication improve? Didn't think so. If you are honest please admit that you are a shill. If you are not honest then I suggest for everybody to check out your backing history (only one project and that for many years) and your aggressively pro CST posts here. @Christoph H, Ahem: <url>"base station" so much as a power supply. Changing the time using the base station is easy enough, though it seems like holding down the buttons to make the time go faster didn't always work. So it took awhile to get the time set properly. I like the numbers. Very readable. how is the base station? and how are you finding the numbers? I hope more people get there's soon. It took 2 days after I got the shipping email to receive it. oh god its beautiful For those wanting to see a pic of the watch I received, here you go: <url>#.... The backer #'s and backer total don't match up because when someone backs out, or pulls their pledge, they take their number with them. I would like to report that I received my watch today. Finally! :) (I'm in San Francisco and was backer #1041) I'm an Early Bird Backer (#312), and I haven't received any shipping notices. I ordered a Black, Small, for whatever that's worth. You have to love the fantastic level of communication and transparency. So what's wrong with an update saying "Too busy to say much, but shipping is starting for the early bird backers -- we're rolling guys!". It takes a minute to type, if that. In fact, there it is CST, right there ^^^^. Feel free to cut-and-paste it into an update. Believe it or not we're all interested if shipping is starting -- have you completely forgotten how to communicate with us? Estimated delivery: Mar 2013 almost a year late very few updates ? Well I didn't complain once and never changed the address. Min is #655. Do you think I'll get it soon? Where is my watch? I don't know where these numbers come from. Mine is 8289 but there is only 7658 backers Thanks @Peter Easton for sharing the news. It's good to hear that some orders are shipping. I agree that the first "shippable" batch might just be the black-medium, as I haven't received any email (apart from the "response needed" email a year ago) yet, and I'm ordering a small. My backer number is way over #500 but I think at a certain point I snatched an early bird spot when someone decided to retract their pledge. I'd ask if someone gets an email (or better yet receive the watch) post a short comment here so we can have an idea of what's coming. It'll also provide some encouraging vibe after many justified groans -- and I'll do so as well. I imagine (and hope) an update would be coming soon. Doesn't have to be detailed, just a few lines saying the first batch is shipping and what is the estimation for the rest. And given that there is something to ship it shouldn't be hard to just show a few photos of them. Good luck fulfilling! tbh, the fact something is shipping at all is at least a bit of good news. Ill be waiting to see what happens. To add more information to my posting below - I'm backer #231 and ordered black, medium. My guess is they received a shipment of black, medium watches and these are going to the early backers. A 2nd email was sent 2 hours after the first one: "Sorry, one addendum. If you do/did end up changing your address in the Kickstarter system, could you also please reply with "address changed"? This way we know to pull the new address in. If you did not change you address there is no need to reply to this message. We are creating a proper system to handle this change of address issue, but didn't want this to prevent us from shipping this first batch. Thanks Again!" @Shane Did you change your pledge amount later? Or maybe it happened when CST had to change something about their reward levels to comply with KS rules (Update 5) I'm a little worried about this shipping (if it's really happening). I originally backed a medium white one, and then I changed to a medium black one in the survey, but it still shows that I backed a white one. Hope this gets cleared up on the back end. @J S - weirdly its telling me I'm #6199 even though i was an early bird :p I contacted my credit card issuer to see if there was any way to "dispute" the charge for this damned vaporware and, as suggested by an earlier post, too much time has passed for that option (120 days max for Discover Card disputes). I'd lay so more epithets in the direction of CST, but you folks have used them all up!!! Frank i want my watch ... or... my money.. ASAP Thanks I just checked. If I click on my picture (upper right corner) and see my backed projects and click on each project it shows me a different number for each of them which I believe indicates where in the list of backers you are. For the CST it is (*#1) for me. If I was indeed the first to back this project I would surely not want to be the last to get an email. Even if it just tells me that my particular model might take a bit longer and thus some other fellow sufferer might get theirs first. I don't mind to wait. Just want some fairness and transparency from CST, for a change. Who doesn't? ;-) I was one of the first backers. Haven't gotten any email yet. Maybe they will only have one version ready to ship and that only for a few early backers. Can't wait for anybody else to confirm they got a message. @Dennis. You are aware they've started shipping the first batch? I want a refund I want a refund I want a refund And is Kickstarter helping?? NO. As an early bird myself, I'm a little bit concerned i haven't received an email about this. how long could it possibly take to send out 1000 emails? Where is my watch? I want a refund I want a refund I want a refund This looks promising! Let's see that update guys!! I want a refund, not the product. They failed in my opinion. I want my money back!!! @Sean I agree if they really are shipping the first batch. That would be the biggest announcement they could make. I would like to hear from the backers that get these first watches when they receive them and the quality of the watches Well I still haven't gotten anything, but if this is true, that's great. No idea why they couldnt update though, considering that, you know, obviously there was a lot going on. Just received an email from CST: "Hello Early Bird Backers, We are starting to ship! Please confirm your address. We just finished our first batch of watches and you are at the top of the list! These first units are what you had chosen as a reward (Black, Medium Size)." Address verification emails just went out. It's happening. It is hard to find new ways to blame others for their screw ups Oh sorry. Hata's gonna hate i guess. I wonder if they'll break their record for longest period of time without an update just after promising more frequent ones. Considering the incompetence they've shown thus far, i wonder what's more pathetic: that they failed, or that they ever thought they could succeed. Next update: We apologize for the lack of communication after we promised to increase the frequency of updates. The Chinese guy we hired to write our updates was on vacation. He should have a new update in a month. I enjoy how they log and know that we can see it and yet still say nothing... I am willing to bet my watch that in the next update we will hear, "we were waiting till we started shipping to update but..." has anyone here that also purchased a watch though the web site been charged for that watch or is it still pending? ???? They've gone from just ignoring us to lying to us. They said in their last update in Mid-dec they would have a short update for us after returning from their next trip. It's now the mid of Jan, no update. Where is Christian Schierhorn's watch? When can we expect a watch or an update? CST Guys! F yourselves! Seriously! Why should I be respectful if they arean't towards us at all? I don't want the watch anymore, but I want my money back! Either way I hope you both aknowledge that 1000s of people think you both are failures in life as well as cowards. I don't want you to prove me wrong as I don't care anymore. I made my mind up about you and regardless fo what you do after this point, it is not going to change that. Once the trust is broken, there isn't much you can do about it. Lets say you deliver the watch. It wont make a difference. You were hiding, misleading and disrespecting all of us for months so delivering the watch would not change my opinion about you two clowns. Have a good day. Love from the UK. Where is my watch? @Will. Thanks for the link. I submitted my complaint. This is BS CST. You need to do Right for your backers like we did for you when you needed us. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I think it's a valid request from us, the backers/investors, to know how much money is left and for CST to provide a breakdown of the expenses for the past two years. At the very least, it would be interesting to see just how much Vondle and O’Leary are billing for all of the "work" they've put into this project. CST just logged in again today (1-28-15) fourth time since December but still no update. Filled this out: <url>´ve now been put off. This is all a hoax! Our money is gone. CST guys! Don't you think that it is disrespectful to your backers what you are doing? Don't you see that many of us visit this place on a daily basis? Put us out of our misery and finally admit that you screwed up. I think it fits if I say right here FU both! Stop this nasty hiding game. The only reason you don't put and end to this whole thing is bracuse for selfish reasons you still hope for a miracle to happen. Can you both do me a favour and punch each other in the face as a way of feedback from us for your project management and customer service? Love from the Maldives and again FU both. @Steven that would take more then 600 years... Soo we will have the Chinese Spring Festival. to predict further delays I attached a link to a Calender of all official Chinese Holidays. <url>"almost a month" since the last update, the bad news is a slight delay of a couple of weeks,check your mailbox by mid-feb. Thats how you do an update. apologize for the delay,short as it was compared to these knuckleheads here,give a date,stick to it. we are so beyond what they promised by way of frequency of updates,with nary an apology in sight. cst...please put us out of our misery instead of dangling straws in front of us, let us know whether its going to happen,or not,one way or the other for gods sake. at least we can give up checking here for another day,no update,no caring. yes or no? will we get it? WHEN ??? REFUND! The expiration date of the domain being well into the future (that's mid 2016!) has absolutely no bearing on CST's standing. You keep the domain if you renew it -- guaranteed -- there's no need to pay for it into the distant future. It's perfectly normal practice to pay for renewal much nearer the time. centralstandardtiming.com will be closed on 13-jun-2016 (check expiration date of the Domain) I am pretty sure that all this project is just a trick to get money from backers. We will not receive our watches... After all that, December 9, 2014. Duh! December 14, 2014 "We apologize that our update cadence is slower than many of you would prefer, so we will be revising our approach to keep you informed irregardless of whether the milestone we anticipated was met. We will be back visiting the manufacturer again next week and we will post a brief update after that trip as well." I know you don't want your own words used against you, but the answer is soooooo simple. Keep your word. Post an update that says " nothing to report." Next update next Wednesday. So simple and you wonder why folks are angry, besides your 2nd funding anniversary is rapidly approaching. As Larry would say "Getter Done." @CST Backers deserve to know what is going on - man up. Where is my watch ? Where are these guys ? REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND! @Jordan Thank you for making me snort coffee through my nose. :-) This kickstarter is showing the signs of a project that was never really intended to be real. Like many of you, I have given up on ever receiving this product but I come back from time to time check up on the latest excuses. It is a bit like driving past a car accident, you know you wont like what you see but you just can't stop yourself. 2 years, not serious! IT's more than 6 weeks since the last update - whatever happened to the multiple promises about timely updates(BROKEN!!!!!!!), and update after their most recent trip to the manufacturer (is there really someone actually making anything?????? I wonder at this point) or the promise of shipping (BROKEN!!!!!!!!!!). The people have no shame and no sense of ethics- how can they expect anyone to believe anything when they can't keep a simple update promise. I would love to get a court order and visit their supplier to actually see if anything is being made or is that too just pure BS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CST is now the edge of the cliff time- ship watches or face the courts- make up your mind. @Victor Elétrico M3D haven't shipped any production printers yet – only beta printers (made with parts that aren't all production parts). That having been said, M3D are getting tantilisingly close (I hope :-) The factories must have been closed in observance of all those traditional Chinese holidays like Christmas and MLK day. Maybe next week CST will post and let us know that all the batteries went bad from sitting idly for months. This is so ridiculous. M3D kickstarted a 3D printer and they started after CST and are already shipping before CST. A 3D printer is significantly more complex than this thin watch. I get frustrated just thinking about this product. Pull it together and get it done. So approx. 40 days ago(!) they wrote "We will be back visiting the manufacturer again next week and we will post a brief update after that trip as well." I guess the trip didn't go well then? Of course, it's just a guess given we've heard nothing. Sigh. REFUND! @ Patrick Cayer: I tried writing them, but have not received a reaction yet. If you find out anything let me know swell please :) How would I go about getting a refund? From a design standpoint, this looks outdated already. It's 2015, whatever were these people thinking? so this is a video 2 years ago from CES 2013 , E-ink is showing an example of the cst-01 <url>"better communication" but don't change their update policy. This was the first project I backed. I can't believe it's been taking this long. I expected some sort of update after their Dec. 9th post. It just seems like there is always one last thing... While the vote to push for the thinner dimensions certainly added some delay, I'm not sure that keeping the thicker bands would have changed the current state much. The two most recent challenges - the molding machine needing a stiffer component and the battery tab adhesion problem - would have been encountered regardless. The battery tab problem is potentially still unresolved, as we haven't had an update since the last samples were delivered, inspected, and still had some 'questionable' articles. @andrew That 63.31% is for the backers that got a chance to vote in the survey. The survey was up for less than 1 day; The real numbers are like this % of total backers that voted -- 32% (not a majority) % of total backers for 1.1mm -- 12% % of total backers for .98mm -- 20% The survey was for CST to blame the backers for the delay, not that they chose a Chinese manufacturer that couldn't make a .80mm band like originally planed. Nitinol is used for lots of high tolerance devices for medical and military fields so a .80mm band should not be a problem for a competent manufacturer. I would prefer to receive a product more than .98mm rather than talk about vaporware. All those people who elected for perfection, what are you thinking? We will end up with an expensive nothing trying to achieve .98mm, or by the time the product does ship, a mainstream company will be mass producing essentially the same product for less. Whats wrong with hitting 90 - 95% of your goal and actually receiving a product? This project is so far beyond its intended ship date, honestly, how many of you REALLY believe you will realize a product from your $100+ investment? I am being respectful and considerate, its the project owners are taking advantage their backers by not honoring a reasonable timeline. We can't get our money back from KS. Despite consistently declining "investments", they refuse to change their terms of use to make them more backer friendly. In it's current state, the TOU protects creators and KS, but leaves people like us out to dry. One thing that I'd point out is that there is a government mandated organization called SIPC, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. I worked there, for a time. It exists to protect investors not from the normal ebbs and flows of the market, but from fraud and scams. So you see, the concept of protecting investments from liars and thiefs is one that exists in the real world, it isn't some fantasy idea. I hope that one day KS can come up with some sort of board or body that can review projects and make a judgement on whether or not creators have put in a "good faith effort", or if money was spent appropriately. And if they determine that it wasn't, THOSE backers should be refunded. This would restore a lot of potential backer's faith in Kickstarter. And if it turns out that money WAS spent appropriately, but real obstacles came up, or projects ended up being far more complex than anticipated for good reason, then those backers would NOT be refunded. Either way, it would be nice too know what is really going on. Perhaps the rule could be, if a project receives more than $1M, it must be overseen and reviewed by Kickstarter throughout the process. There should be VERY specific rules about updates too. If you give leeway to these guys, they'll take it and run with it. As for me, I realize now that KS isn't some magical, revolutionary thing. It's a website designed to make money off piggybacking off other peoples ideas. These ideas might be good or bad, legitimate or illegitimate...to KS, it doesn't matter. They are really just a glorified craigslist, making VERY CLEAR that despite taking a cut, they are NOT part of the process in any way, and they don't have your back. All very interesting. A great learning experience. While we can't get our money back, we can make sure that any time these guys give themselves a public back-pat for creating the world's thinnest watch, we are there to let everyone know what really happened. I would like to remind everyone that we as backers are partly to blame as well: 63.31% I prefer you continue and keep the thinkness below 0.98mm. I don't care about waiting. The results are in. We're calling it because ever since we launched the survey, the results read roughly 65/35 in favor of taking the time we need to get the bands in tolerance. While this project is taking longer than anyone could have anticipated, but we're not outside the normal update time frame. I expect we will hear from CST within the next two weeks. That being said, it is irresponsible to not have an expected delivery timeline. The only thing that keeps large projects like this on track is having dates provided to users/clients/backers that hold developers accountable. I am strongly hoping that we will be provided a timeline during the next update. Excluding mini-updates, here are the number of days between each update since the project was funded: Dec 9 - Today's Date 38 Days 2014: Oct 24 - Dec 9 46 Days Sep 5 - Oct 24 49 Days Jun 18 - Sep 5 79 Days May 27 - Jun 18 22 Days May 7 - May 27 20 Days Apr 25 - May 7 12 Days Mar 26 - Apr 25 30 Days Feb 18 - Mar 26 36 Days Feb 10 - Feb 18 8 Days Jan 8 - Feb 10 33 Days Nov 23 - Jan 8 46 Days 2013: Oct 25 - Nov 23 29 Days Sep 16 - Oct 25 39 Days Jul 29 - Sep 16 49 Days Jun 3 - Jul 29 56 Days Apr 22 - Jun 3 42 Days Mar 3 - Apr 22 50 Days I'm with Piotr on this. I'll wait patiently, but small updates would be very nice. It's been quite some time already since the last progress update. :) I may be one of the few people here with any patience left, I'd still like to receive the watch and I believe the project turned into sth waaaaay bigger than the founders anticipated. But I'd like to still give them the benefit of the doubt and I think they're making an honest effort to make the watch as they promised. I expect it'll look beautiful and I'll love showing it off. That said it's been over a month again without updates. Please just drop us a line fellas. Just check in with a status update. I'd much prefer a steadier stream of small tidbits than a "surprise! It's ready!" : i am starting to enjoy this, even though i believe strongly $150 bucks (international shipping) are gone forever. any one got the free time to file a class action in the United States against these guys? where is Big Jeff?? he loves to talk/think optimistic, say something cool~~ don't go scuba dive on us, you are the man dude. For everyone asking why Kickstarter is not doing anything, try contacting them and asking. I did and the reply was that they "only provide a platform". They're unwilling to even step in and contact the project creators to ask them to provide and update or improve their communication. So basically the "platform" that Kickstarter provides is this website. Kickstarter's ToS (especially their updated ToS) makes them bulletproof against any legal action. All the burden is put on the backers. Personally, I have not supported any new projects on any crowdfunding sites like Kickstarter in months now thanks to my experience with CST. IndieGogo recently began testing backer insurance. That might be a viable option. Once I get my watch. That'll be it for me. Kickstarter just dissapoint me. There's no statue for this kind of BS from creator(s). I rather buy a finish product that I can physically touch even if its a bit more $$$. Thanks CST. You blew it for me. I give up too. Is there a statue of limitations on this? What 'milestone' needs to be reached so that we can say its dead, and not be wondering about its fate? Will this forum be here two years from now, still hoping? <url>’t the only manufacturer but is pretty much the largest. @ Robert The presentations CST did for Flextronics were just ads for Flextronics and did not reflect reality. If their comments in the Flextronics ads were true we all would have gotten our watches 18 months ago. @Robert Really? You're going to threaten backer parents/relatives and disrupt children's lives for a < $150 product? Step away from the keyboard and take a deep breath. Now - yes, I'm PO'd they haven't delivered but at least they show up from time-to-time. Do I think we've been told the truth? Not entirely. Do I think we'll ever get the watch? I'm strongly beginning to doubt it. Do I think we should dox the creators, families, etc.? Absolutely not. This user's account has been deleted. So where I'm at is: I don't really care about the money, for me it's not too much that I care if I get it back or not. Having the watch would be excellent, even after all this time. It looks amazing and I never wanted it as a 'smart' watch. Being told lies by CST about when updates will be released is disappointing. I have had a another kickstarter campaign go sour before and strangely enough the communications from CST has the similar tone to this other campaign. "Here's no information but we'll update you soon!". Yeah, right... I will be genuinely surprised if this watch ever ships. Pleased as well. I'm not an angry customer, I know what I was getting my self in for, but the smoke & mirrors act has worn thin. Simple, regular updates would fix pretty much every issue I have, even if it was bad news. DFTBA The day will come when we asked ourselves do we talk the talk or walk the walk... Well I would like to be one of the vocal 2% and I understand delays, what I don't understand is the lack of communication... "Haters gonna hate" indeed. Your presentation makes it sound like your backers are just pawns and POSs used for you as a means to an end, but we are people and we put our faith and money on you so at least treat us as such and provide feedback and updates. Where is my watch!!!!!! Should get a free watch as a tolerance fee. Excuse? Heck, I'm upset enough to warrant a new watch! CST officially logged in again today Jan 12 (this is the 3rd time since Dec 9) but still could not leave an update. Maybe they are checking to see if backers are upset enough to warrant an update or a new excuse for the delay Last update Dec 9 "We will be visiting *somewhere* next week and will post a brief update when that trip is over". Been a month, no update. CST is old technology... E Ink Launches Prism, World’s First Color Changing Electronic Ink for Dynamic Architecture <url>"Vocal Backers, less than 2% Use backers to fill in gaps of info, react quickly Don’t promise too much Limit 1 to 1 engagement, never be on the defensive. Haters gonna Hate" If that is true it is fraud. I thought we are being treated badly until I read this regarding their website orders. SubiMajo7 posted under their video the following in German (I translated it): "I had even ordered 2 watches through their website. At first they said they want the money only once the watches are ready. Then one fine day I received an email which stated "t is time to pay". I was happy and looking forward to holding both our watches in our hands. That was more than a year ago... and until now there is nothing more than infrequent and insufficient updates per Kickstarter. There wasn't even one single email with updates. Very cynical and totally unprofessional." Unbelievable. Isn't it? Any news yet, I been away and then remembered the CST project, wow must be close to delivery by now surely. As we approach the 2nd anniversary of having parted with our money, here is a special cheer for those who successfully delivered vapourware in return for my funds. I would love to refund this , but I cancelled the credit card I placed it on so no point. This is taken WAYYYY longer then what I was expecting. Let's be realistic here. It's not that CST was designing something revolutionary and had to come up with technology or design the processes to create all the sub-components. The tech was already there in 2013. This project has just been one huge blunder after another. Had the watch been released in 2013 or early 2014 it might have generated some interest. With several companies announcing their own e-ink devices that have smart watch features, CST-101 really only has the thinness factor going for it and for most people it's a moot point compared to the added value the smart watch features add. I think most people here would prefer the next update from CST to say there is no watch because they blew all the money on **** and coke rather than string us along for another year. The video linked by Tyler Winton is definitely a hoot. CST represents that they're already shipping and producing. Flextronics marketing might want to reconsider that YouTube upload. Obviously, I want a watch. I wanted it for Christmas 2013. That didn't happen. But I knew I wasn't buying a product, I was backing a dream (which included a watch). The dream sounded pretty good in mid-2013: it has almost no value in the market today. Startups fail regularly, that's a fact of business. Sometimes, it's bad ideas. Sometimes, it's bad execution. Sometimes, the economics just won't work. We can all judge which of the three were to blame. There's one thing I know right now: even if I receive my CST-01 tomorrow by UPS, I doubt I'll ever wear it. My wrist has moved beyond the CST-01's function, and it's never coming back. Sadly for CST, I doubt I'm an anomaly. I ended up next to a writer from Apple Insider on the flight back from CES. At some point were talking about Kickstarter and I mentioned how I backed these guys trying to make a thin e-ink watch. He said "oh you backed the CST-01" with a wry smile. He said after CES last year they reached out to CST multiple times looking for a demo model for review. As you might guess they never heard back. So yes I wish I wasn't one of the saps who gave these guys my money. And I wish these guys had been successful and hope they have a rich uncle who will fund them seeing this thing through. But that isn't going to happen. They have failed and they are being lapped by others more competent and talented. Most of all I wish that the CST guys would be more open with the backer community. There is nothing redeeming about the way they are handling this and I think it will come back to bite them down the road. I can't hold a grudge against these guys for trying and failing. I can hold a grudge for them covering it up. Most of all I wish I could have seen this video before I backed the project. It looks like two type-Bs. Plus you always have to be weary of a dude wearing a summer scarf. He probably spent 30 mins that morning debating which pair of socks would best compliment it without overpowering the vest. <url>´t order stuff, you fund a idea with knowing that it could go wrong. I would like to have my watch too but thats how it is. Yeah... a refund would be nice right about now. @Dac The Look See bracelet seems to be at about the same place CST was 2 years ago. They have a working prototype and a great idea. This could have been the CST-2 if not for all the delays and wasted time. I would buy one the Look See before the CST if they were side by side on a shelf. here is their site: <url>#infinitepossibilities I never thought it was so easy to steal $ 1 million and defrauding more than 7,000 backers .. two years is too long to wait ...I hope to be wrong. Basically once the project is funded and Kickstarter gets its share, they don't care what happens to the backers So now that we're coming up on two years, I'm ready to throw in the towel and admit that I've been scammed. So much for the "more frequent updates". These guys got in over their heads and blew a million bucks. Is there any provision within kickstarter campaigns to get your $$$ back? So in your last update you said "We apologize that our update cadence is slower than many of you would prefer, so we will be revising our approach to keep you informed irregardless of whether the milestone we anticipated was met." Its now been a month and you still haven't given us another update, no great surprise though, it's hard to believe a word you say anymore. As one of the 7,658 Backers i want to ask for an update - as the last year ended without a sign of life i wonder if you would start the year with an update, so we all know what is going. Game over CST....lookSee e ink beat you to the lunch It's been so long I no longer care about or want this watch, shame. @Frederick Ampel I was at CES last year and held one inside a box. Wasn't too fond of how the screen wasn't sunk into the band, but sat on top. Overall it was cool to actually hold it, I thought that it was about to come out. peace* It's been 2 years. Right now I've made piece with the fact that this watch is never going to come... A well executed scam. I'm curious what the next excuse for delay will be when we finally get the promised "more frequent update". There are 9 days of Chinese holiday time coming up in February or will it be something with the bands and batteries again or maybe the eink displays. PS I invite CST or ship a watch- LOL Well. backers - its January 5th. 2014 nearly two full years from the origination date of this project- Has anyone seen anything except a photo of a non-existent watch????????????The "promises from O'Leary, et-al are worthless- they can't even keep to their promise of a more frequent update schedule- nothing mentioned about truthful updates just more of them- - anyone seen those?? Any fool who thought these guys would show up at CES needs therapy- they would be faced with a horde of lawyers, law-enforcement, and people looking for refunds- besides - who ever thought they could get a booth for 20K is wrong- try 50K at least. The KS terms use the word contract. In a court I believe that would prevail. So I repeat a previous suggestion= lets file a class action for breach of contract and demand refunds or watches. Does anyone actually believe we will get watches before the 2 year mark has passed in February???? If you do- please consider reality- THESE PEOPLE HAVE never BEEN STRAIGHT WITH THE BACKERS, NEVER BEEN FULLY TRUTHFUL AND IN MY OPINION ARE JUST INCAPABLE OF ADMITTING THEY FAILED AND SPENT A MILLION + WITH NOTHING TO SHOW. I invite anyone to dispute these facts with real data! You know its funny CST has time to log in officially on the 3rd and again today the 5th but don't have the time to leave a comment, as promised, about their trip before Christmas @ Keats You are right about CES. Security would be needed at their booth to keep the angry backers in line CST won't be at CES because if they showed their faces they'd get cornered by backers almost instantly. @Victoria Update #24 from the CST team was consistent with the article..they believed they were a shortly going to be in a position to start full blown manufacturing. An article that was published in Chicago in June claimed the watches would be shipping in a "few short weeks". This article and interview with Jerry O'Leary was published after the survey. They knew at that time that it would not be a few weeks before watches shipped. <url>"bend test" and the "battery issues," and while these two things are 90% of this unique watch, that's only two (2) hurdles before we get our watches! They did say that they would be out to visit the manufacturer (in China?) around about a week before Christmas, and then we shouldn't forget New Year's parties, and let's not forget that Chinese New Years is February 19, 2015 - but once all the festivities are put aside I am sure they'll be solving the last two (2) hurdles and we'll be getting out new watches! Are you guys at CST ever going to admit you are not going to provide rewards to your backers? its been what two or three years? ...would be nice to get a Merry Christmas from the CST guys. #justsaying no comment since the we will do better even if nothing happened from 3 weeks ago. must be the next chinese holiday excuse time,you know,for xmas and new year and all. 2015. no watch. no communication as promised. new year,same old shit. @SeanC - interesting comments. I wonder what KS feels the "contract" is that the backer is entering by making a pledge? Even the terminology is very carefully chosen... "pledge" and "reward". Perhaps KS considers the contract to be what the creator offers in the pledge levels? But it's strange that they have (unilaterally, apparently) decided that these are "contracts" and dictate that the creator should follow them. @Rudy - very interesting point also... I think the ultimate answer is that all of this hasn't been tested in court, apparently. KS has all sorts of disclaimers that your pledge is to the creator, not to them... but KS is the only group who have the ability to do due diligence on creators. They don't give backers the tools to do appropriate DD, so disclaiming responsibility for DD is a bit thin, IMO. Of course, I'm not a lawyer and all that matters is what someone can convince a judge of. But I can most definitely see KS being found liable for the failure of some of these projects. Their hands-off approach is, IMO, designed to remove liability on their part if things go south. But it also means backers are pretty much left hanging when KS could have saved them but chose not to. So much for the "so we will be revising our approach to keep you informed irregardless of whether the milestone we anticipated was met". By tomorrow it'll be 3 weeks since the last update. To me the creators are not only disrespectful to us backers, but also to themselves. If a simple promise of updating in a more timely manner cannot be kept, it will be extremely hard to convince anyone to be supportive in any aspects. It would soon be 1 full year since the "response for info to deliver the reward" was sent. Call me optimistic but I still (and want to) believe that the watch will eventually be there. I'm just very disappointed with the communication and delay. The most interesting part and what I find questionable is ho can you not be consider part of a contract if you are profiting from said contract? Kickstarter writes the contract gets $100,000+ from the pledges and faces no liability. Boy they are sitting pretty good no down side for them. I am so glad I am done with KS. 6 projects backed 3 produced products 1 well over a yr late 1already saying it will be late 1 do not really care about pledge was only $10.00. "By creating a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you as the Project Creator are offering the public the opportunity to enter into a contract with you. By backing a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you as the Backer accept that offer and the contract between Backer and Project Creator is formed. Kickstarter is not a party to that agreement between the Backer and Project Creator. All dealings are solely between Users." This, of course, should have come with several bold asterisks that say "CAUTION: TIMEFRAMES FOR DELIVERY ARE NOT PART OF THIS CONTRACT. EVERYTHING ELSE IS, JUST NOT THAT PART. HAHA. WE'RE NOT RESPONSIBILE FOR ANYTHING DONT INVOLVE US ITS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND THE CREATOR BUT AGAIN, NOT THE TIMEFRAME FOR DELIVERY THATS NOT PART OF IT K BYE" Oh trust me, I know that later in the TOU it states estimates for delivery are just that: estimates. But I think that's sort of interesting, to both specify clearly you are not part of a contract and yet also dictate the terms of that contract. It would seem that the TOU heavily favors project creators and not backers. They should think about this as they wonder why Kickstarter "investments" (this word should NEVER be used in regards to Kickstarter) are on the decline. No more crowdfunding! @JS - you're incorrect in stating that backers have a right to a refund if the project wasn't completed in the time stated. There is no "contract" between backers and creators that states this - the agreement between KS and creators specifically says that the unspent portion of funds must be returned to backers if the creator isn't able to bring the project to a successful conclusion - it doesn't place a time limit on that or say that it must happen in the window estimated by the creator. I'm not saying it doesn't suck that things are so far behind on this project - but there are many projects that have delivered shoddy product to backers. I'd much rather have something good than something on time. Good AND on time is the ideal, but that almost never happens here. In the case of CST, they are obviously working to do things right and clearly aren't scamming considering the money and time they have spent thus far. Obviously they grossly underestimated how long things would take, and the big question is whether there are enough funds left to deliver the watches to backers - they haven't answered or addressed this, but unless they had huge margins in each watch 'sold' here, the amount of time this project has taken must have seriously compromised their available funds and ability to complete the project, I'd think. I stopped backing projects on any crowd funding site due to CST. Good job! @Sean Interesting findings from your research. Shows that perhaps CST is bang on target for the "standard" Kickstarter experience. Checked out the Embrace+ because the guy below mentioned it as yes another KS fail. It's remarkable how similar the comments on that KS page are to this one, "where the ^&%$ is my embrace+?/this design is not complicated enough to justify such delays/i think we got scammed", etc. Apparently the first batches finally started to roll out but the results were not good: "mine stopped working after 1 charge", "mine never even booted up", "it's clear they ran out of money and used cheap materials". I particularly loved the fact that the creators used the Chinese new year as an excuse for a 6-week delay in communication. Sound familiar? Embrace+ was funded AFTER cst-01 (june 2013). The pledges are a fraction of the cost of cst-01 ($50) and the page has over twice the comments we do here. Just in case anyone wants to claim we **** and moan too much...trust me, compared to other backer communities we appear to actually be LESS vocal than the average. I wrote a long Kickstarter "Walk of Shame" projects list. I have boiled it down to make it more readable. First the Happiest of Holidays to all backers who are the folks that make Kickstarter go. Hang in there and go with your heart. For me-- idiot projects-- way overdue, over-promised and under delivered, outright lies as to where they were when they asked for our money have reduced my backing to 24 projects in 2014 ( 7 of those were $5 and under to stay ing touch.) and only 2 were 100 or more. Walk of Shame Machination: A Game of evil Genius—Signal Flare Game Saturn V Relaunch – Paul Sahre CST-01 Central Standard Timing Embrace+ Paul and Rudy --my nomination for idiots of the year. Agent Smartwatch -- Chris Walker – (Secret Labs/ Netduino VACHEN Smartwatch Won Rhee HotWatch PHTL Honorable mentions to Omate Truesmart and Neptune Pine, for delivering way less than promised and very late. ( no iOS app) Happy Holidays No CST, now more Kickstarter! Its a nightmare.... @corporate3-6 technically everybody has a right to refund after a product hasn't been delivered at the date specified in the contract. Would that be bad for the rest of the remaining backers like you and me? Of course but that doesn't change the fact that CST violated the contract which stated that their watch is almost ready and the completed product to be delivered eons ago. @Daniel, They can't give you a refund because some (perhaps most) of your money has been spent on getting from where they started to where they are now. If you get a refund, that screws over the rest of the backers who stick with the project, because it makes the whole project less likely to succeed. Delays suck and it would be great if we had better communication, but it's pretty obvious CST isn't scamming and haven't run away with the money. They are required to deliver on the watches or return the portion of money leftover, but only at the point where they give up on the project - not because people became tired of waiting and demanded a refund. The right way to approach it would be to message them and ask if they are willing to refund a portion of your funds, and if not, nobody has a right to demand it if they are still working on the project. They have interest in the bank received $ 10000000 "We will be back visiting the manufacturer again next week and we will post a brief update after that trip as well." Let's see, you posted this on December 9th which means your trip was the week of the 14th to 20th----- and our update from that trip??????????????????????????? is missed again??? Wow am I surprised. So don't plan on my CST for Christmas? How about next Christmas? Going to stop now. CST is still wrestling with the most simple, foundational aspects of this product's design. You're not going to get this watch. Does anybody really believe he will ever receive the watch? CST will find some more "issues" for new delays and don't forget: within the last 2 years production costs increased. So I'm waiting for an update that CST will ask for some additional money. CST-01 Futures should be bought and paid only in BitCoin. It just feels right. Here's a question.....IF CST said that they needed another £$20 from each of their backers to continue with this project, would you give it to them? I would. CST, don't get any ideas!! :) While I would love to have this watch I agree, pledging was not just about a finished product but about understanding the process to bring a design to fruition. I eagerly anticipate the getting the finished product but also would love for a regular schedule of updates in the meantime. Anyone that thinks a company that is clearly working hard is just out to steal their money has probably never had a big idea that takes time, effort, and creative thought to bring it to light. Hard work eventually pays off! THIS PROJECT IS AN ABSOLUTE JOKE !!!!! This is literally the FIRST crowdsource project I EVER funded. I was extreamly excited about this amazing project even thought the original timeline was quite long! I have since funded 17 more projects (on this and other sites) and I have received ALL those items. It is ABSOLUTELY unprofessional for CST to not offer a refund to backers that are not happy with this ridiculous blowout in timeline! There seems to be NO accountability to the people who have put thier trust in you and have kickstarted your business. I along with many others will GUARANTEE that Many people know about CST and that they should NEVER be truested EVER again! I will ENSURE ALL YOUR FURURE PROJECT BACKERS ARE AWARE OF HOW YOU HAVE TREATED US if you don't offer a FULL refund! Crazy. This is coming up on 2 years since the campaign. $129 pledge is not the end of the world to lose, but still, this and some other projects just make me hesitant to even back things anymore. Might as well wait until a finished product is out (if it ever does come out), at least that way you won't get scammed out of your money. Still hoping something is delivered soon. Yea Alex your name is on the naughty list. Would any 'premium funders' like a loan to pay for the insurance policy on the purchase of a CST 'future'? All I want for Christmas is...... An update from CST to be posted when they say it will! Perhaps I haven't been very good this year! Like a kickstopper? Someone should start a kickstarter to buy all the CST-01 futures! This is great a little levity is found. Come on there can be something else that can be bought lol. Maybe a short or something? Does anyone need 'premium funding' for the insurance policy on the purchase of a CST 'future'?? Anybody want to buy insurance in case a CST-01 "future" becomes worthless? What would be a fair price for such an insurance when accounting for the current risk of default? Lol trading futures you guys are nuggets! Any advice and how to sell a CST-01 "future" on ebay so a potential replacement customer could provide my refund in advance? @ Eric. great link I would argue that kickstarter has a legal responsibility. guilty by association. you can't take our money and say hey that's your problem and we cant control what project creators do. i would also argue that the information was not clearly disclosed. Where is my money? Pls refund so as for me to buy Iwatch available very soon. if any backers would like to take legal action. <url>"Our battery partner has delivered all the custom units." Dec 9 2014 "Dave personally inspected the batteries that pass this test and found a small subset of the batteries seem questionable. We are waiting to hear back from the battery manufacturer for their recommendation on how to resolve the issue." @ Jamie. I've been to China for "business" visiting the manufacturing plant. 10% business 90% fun. just saying... REFUND! I wonder why they can find the time to update kickstarter but not their own website. i want get a refund Can I please get a refund? Seriously, I'm begging. Considering they have a total of - 7 was it? - working, boxed watches. I'd really love to know what they have been spending all of the money on. @Robert It's not that it's not falling in line with our expectations. It's that it's clearly lies. They tell us they've "nailed" everything and it's all good to go, and then 2-3 months later tell us no, there's a basic problem from the start of the project that needs addressing. Next update it's nailed, next update it's a problem. How many times have we heard about an issue with the bands only for them to tell us it's all sorted but then it be a problem again. And it's always the exact same problems, bands and batteries. These things are at the utmost beginning of the project, if they are failing with the very basics, god knows what problems an in store for when they add the circuitry. We're coming up to 2 years now, it does NOT take 2 years to work out how to flatten a piece of metal or put a sticker on a battery properly. Christ. @Herbet - Agreed Well, not to be the devils advocate, but since nothing seems to go forward with this project, maybe the updates only serve to fullfill the KS obligation to update every three months to show the project is not dead. As long as the project has the status active they could drag it out for some more years without any backer having a real chance to sue them. This could either give them indefinite time to come up with a commercial product and ship it or drag it out until everyone looses interest and nobody cares anymore about them refunding the backers. In any case when the watch comes out (if it does) it will not be the innovative product we all wanted to back. There will be probably some working flat e-ink watches in the market in only a few months. If this watch does not happen soon it will find itself being already obsolete in the market. After reading a lot of angry comments I think there is something to be learned for both parties in this case... Do not get too angry if a backed project do not materialize according to your expectations - thats why it is a crowd-funding "risky" purchase / investment.. And do not post a project just because you think if given the means you can pull it off without prober research and engineering knowledge. As a backer I am very disappointed by the lack of communication, no matter how busy you are there is ALWAYS time for a short update. I am just as disappointed by the fact we do not have any deadline yet but this I just have to live with due the previously mentioned conditions of being a backer. I would like to believe that the CST team really IS working hard on this and IF they succeed with making this as beautiful and thin as promised it will be worth the wait. I also no longer have use for this watch but I still want it, I want to hold it in my hand and feel it for a couple of days before flogging it off again :-) It might come before next Christmas ???? It has been nothing but band and battery issues since update 22. That was May (ironically, that update ended with the statement that they'd "finally nailed" the battery. 7 months later....not so much) By the time this thing ships we will have evolved passed the concept of time. Indeed Jeffo. The thing is, it always seem's to be the same. "this is bent", "this is too thick". It's things that, once identified, someone else deals with. It doesn't take 3 months to work out something is the wrong size. A quick update on the plane to the factory would suffice. I absolutely believe that they have the time, they just don't have the content because they aren't really doing much. 2 updates ago we had pictures of finalised, boxed, ready to ship watches. Now were literally back at the drawing board. @jamie I totally agree I believe they should have a minimum level of which they meet. And while they are basically doing this themselves so time might be hard to find. And updates that do not show much improvement may be wasted. They could at the very least update much more often. It does not take a lot. It at least keeps the update hounds at bay. And also for others lets them know they didn't run on the project. I think providing smaller how you doing updates would suffice between this one and the last. But having to think in their shoes does saying I cannot ship their watch again really count as an update? Does showing my personal failures over and over help me or make me feel better? So while I agree with you I still understand their point of view which dulls the pain I otherwise would feel if I were like others on here ready to storm Chicago with torches and pitch forks! Lol @Jon Misplaced anger? I do not understand the personal attacks? I understand you may not like my comment but it does not have to reflect my process of thinking. Maybe I was trying to convey more then just one point? I understand your frustration but there is no reason to take it out on a fellow backer. Logically I am standing right next you in line for the same thing your upset about. And like I said we all have different reactions to the same thing luckly or we would be pretty dull a society. But anyway comparing your business to CST is pointless. I believe the point to "kickstarter" is to not only kickstart and idea but in turn kickstart a business. And do they even qualify as a business if they do not currently and have not in the past had a product to sell? I don't think the same rules apply. While I think they should and it may help. I understand the difference and so I don't hold them to the same standard. If this was Sony or something that would be a different story they are established. Sony is not two guys trying to bring a dream to reality. And I have to say to those who want their money back. While I don't agree with the reasoning. I think you donated the money basically and shouldn't be entitled to a refund. I would say if refunds are given you guys should have to wait until product actually ships. Taking your money now not only is not fair to the rest of us. It's not feasible. You want them to refund the money that you gave them and you don't even know if they have it? You guys understand they may not even have any money left and may be working for free right now right? Hence my previous comment they may have under priced the watch because the price has to match the true cost plus profit of the watch. They I believe prices the kickstarter watch for just manufacturing. I don't think they made much more off it. I mean these people have worth and should be rewarded for their hard work. And wanting your money back is like asking for blood from a stone. At least right now it is. Maybe eventually after they are established God willing they will be able to give your money back and maybe a thank you for your money to help them realize their dream. But then you just marginalized yourself from being a kickstarter backer to a lone shark with no profit to be realized for your money. I say just take the watch. I understand my stance brings a lot of heat towards me and I understand I may be in the minority of feelings towards these backers. But I do not think at any time my opinion or how I react and/or feel about the situation warrants personal attacks. Again @Jon If you run a business maybe you could provide insight some constructive criticism. Maybe you could explain to us who don't have business how hard it is to run a business or even start one up. Maybe it was easy for you and you have a service that sells itself? I don't know but I would be interested in it. I think business owners should be celebrated, modeled after, and learned from. If it weren't for business owners what would be buy, where would we work, how would government function? P.S. Cosmo I did this on my iPhone on the way into work this morning! So have at my grammar skills or should I say lack their of! :) Let's, for a second, forget about the issue of whether this is an investment or a purchase. CST have a basic level and expectation of service which they have not and are not fulfilling. New update in summary: We still haven't made a commercially viable product. We've changed more materials and basic problems still haven't been resolved. We have no completed products to offer you. This user's account has been deleted. @Jon Bit of respect for Ivan please. Where is common decency these days? *Grammar Police* Should be You're an idiot Not "Your an idiot" ;) @ Jeff, Your an idiot. If it takes you some many word to get your point across then your thought process has issues. I have my own business and my customer are what's important. No company out there would treat their customers or backers this disrespectful. That is why there are laws in place to protect us. Crowd funding please... We paid money for a watch it's been way too long and we are just plain tired of waiting. If they said 2 years I would of not backed the watch in the first place. Thanks for the update CST for what it's worth and just a little advice, listen to your supporters and answer your emails doesn't cost much to hire a minimum wage employee to handle your administrative tasks. I don't care one bit for that extra submillimeter of thickness, but after that poll you did I am clearly not your target audience. I have a Microsoft Band now that will never leave my wrist except for charging and and a possible replacement that shows Windows Phone notifications. I have no use for CST now, no matter how cool it might be. I want a refund, and I want it now please. In addition to regular updates, it would be really great if CST would respond to emails. I need to change my watch color and have sent 3 emails over 3 months; no response. @toby I have a lockitron on my door as I write this had it since last summer. They are rolling them out I forgot what number they are up to because I was an early backer and had mine already but they were in the thousands. I kind of been beta testing it since I got it in the 2 round of batches lol but it's solid now and worlds great after many updates. @ Ivan I agree with what you said and have stated much before. I also agree that this is an investment not a purchase. All the defining and what means what as in terms of conditions. This is a crowd funding site where creators look for alternative ways of getting their ideas out there. I honestly believe without kickstarter most people either will not, wouldn't know how, or wouldn't have the will to bring great ideas to light. Starting a company on top of that is next to impossible nowadays. Cannot even run a lemonade stand without the health department citing you for not having the proper facility to dispense beverages. I envy anyone who takes a chance with their lives doing something like this. It's a huge risk if it don't work he's ruined. Hopefully he has a back up plan. But I mean I wouldn't have the balls let alone the know how to do this project. 2 years I wonder how long it took Apple to bring the iPhone to market? The only difference is we are the funders. Apple funding it themselves they have a company with alternative streams of income. Banks funding stuff like this they deal with money? They have plenty of it. When neither of those options are open or selected by a creator and they pick this......this is what happens. I wouldn't be surprised if this is not par for the course of all projects of the same quality. I believe we are going to get an amazing product when everything is said and done. I believe they will be of the best quality of most things we own in terms of craftsmanship. And honestly I am sure the prices we paid for them is not even close to enough of what it has really cost. What we are getting for the money trust me they have to be taking a huge loss. Not only in terms of money but their lives. We all wake up and do whatever it is we do. They wake up and work on this project. They have invested in this project must more then they have been compensated I am sure of it. Hopefully it pays off in the end and they are rich but as much as I got shakey about the project I never ever wished any harm amongst them. I never wanted my money back. And I never felt that they cheated us. I know some people have other ways of viewing this and react differently. And I am not saying how anyone else feels about this is wrong. And I am not minimizing any valid opinions. I am just putting mine out there for discussion. Mixing it up. Anyone who wants their money back or don't want to fund anymore projects it may be better. This type of stuff is not for you. Your local Walmart or a few clicks to Amazon will get you what you seek. But this website may not be for you and I think it's better for the community to weed out the weak links. If I am creating something and I come here I would rather have a community of support rather then discourse. As a design engineer at an electronics/Industrial design and manufacturing house, I empathize with working through the many issues that are part of any such project and how time adds up. I thank you for having a strong, challenging vision for the CST01 (why I backed this) and having the integrity to maintain it over this time. I gave up on you guys and bought another watch :( It tells me the day of the week (mon/tues/etc) and the day of the month (but not the month, I guess I can manage) so I don't have much use for this anymore. I wasn't sure if I could ever get by without my watch telling me the date anyway. Don't mind delays, ty for making it right. Please start offering refunds. <url>"Your Response" > Click the yellow bar or "Edit address." @Keats. Do you have a ruler? With metric on it? Look at it. Focus on the space between one millimeter... Your watch will be thinner than that. Everywhere. @Vigilantes et al, I hope you'll consider your actions are slowing the process and may leave a negative impression of future potential Kickstarters. Unwilling factories means, more struggle, and less awesome projects. (A drop in an ocean, but not without merit) Well, unsurprisingly more delay, battery issue after band thickness issue... But at least there is an update, and I think it is fair to acknowledge the creators for doing that. So thank you. However, at this point I'm taking the "revised update approach" with a grain of salt, as the promise of regular update has appeared a few times but never realized. I'd be more than happy to be proven wrong (which is next week). By the way, would it be possible to share the "a documented test procedure" with us? Good luck with overcoming your last two hurdles (and hopefully no more). Please let me change my address. I already completed the survey and can't do it again. I won't receive my watch unless you reply but nobody answers. For those people quoting the terms and conditions of Kickstarter, are you reading the ones we agreed to at the time of the pledge? They have changed a lot over the almost two years of this project. I appreciate the acknowledgment of the many requests for a status update. Perhaps the project will come to fruition by the 2 year mark! Thank you for the new update! The delay, while extremely irritating is something I can live with. I've long since absorbed the expenditure and am not currently going hungry for making it. The lack of communication however, is absolutely inexcusable. I'm guessing one of two things are happening. 1 CST is cowering in fear of the inevitable legal assault from the angry mob on this thread. 2 Some filthy scumbag of an attorney has advised them to go silent to limit any further liability for unfulfilled promises. If it weren't for the entertainment I find in reading all these angry comments I would have left this project behind long ago. I'm not sure how long though since I don't have a watch. It's a relief to finally come to this comments thread, after over a year of delays, and find that I'm not the only person wondering where my watch is. This was originally intended as a gift for my wife, and it still hasn't arrived 19 months later. Every time someone says "you invested in an idea, you didn't buy a product" it blows my mind. Then again, it doesn't really. People are dumb. But let me be clear. The rules are very simple. They are obligated to fulfill this reward or refund the $$. Those are the ONLY two options. Yes, they could ruin their own reputation by failing to finish a product that was 500% funded, wait for someone to sue them, then file for bankruptcy to get off the hook....but why would anyone do this to their own image? Would that have been worth it? Can the guy at the hot dog stand just say, "sorry, no hot dog for you, you invested in the idea of a hot dog, i dont have to give it to you"? Yes. What keeps him from saying this? Standard market forces; no one would shop at this hot dog stand ever again. It's the same here, since the consequences for failing are severe, NOT refunding/fulfilling rewards isn't really a viable option. So, keep on harping on the fact that Kickstarter calls it "investing" instead of "buying". Let me also just clarify the anger from certain backers. The infuriating thing is NOT the delay in the project--though that is absolutely ridiculous at this point--it's two things: 1) the poor communication from CST, despite promises to improve, and 2) CST has been quoted in multiple publications as saying this project was successful. There's a YouTube video too. That's not sitting right with folks, and rightfully so. Just found this: Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. __ Seems like our purchase/buying contract is only with CST. Did CST write in their contract/pledge page that we just pay them money with no claim in return? Um no. The worst possible outcome I could find which CST mentions in our contract with them is as follows "This may result in a final watch that has slightly different dimensions compared to what our prototype has proven." I think no product at all at the agreed upon date and many moons later is not covered by that and thus CST breeched our purchase selling agreement. -- With the theory covered, still most here including me would cut CST some slack if they were more open about things. Do we really need the watch yesterday or at all? The money? I don't, though the unplanned car accident last Friday isn't turning out to be cheap. All I think we wish for is some honesty/respect. If CST is too scared to face us I feel sorry for them but would understand that too. Still, without any information I can just guess and maybe all is well and they are holding back only to make our watches in the mail a thaaaat much bigger Christmas Surprise. Hope dies last. A defined product at a defined date for a price/investment/pledge is always classified as buying or purchasing. Nowhere on this page CST even hints that we pay the pledge with no return. They are very clear on the kind of product and on the date when it is to be delivered as well as the price we pay/pledge/invest for it. As you picture it we might only get a return if we are lucky or CST feels like it? CST never stated it that way. Again, in this contract with us CST is very clear on what is to be delivered and at which date. A classic purchase if you look at its legal definition. Now there were risks which CST didn't specify up front and maybe Kickstarter mentions them somewhere. The question then is do we "purchasers" have a contract with Kickstarter or CST? Is our contract only with CST and what they wrote on their page of Kickstarter, or is it with Kickstarter and what they wrote in their terms or both? Who got the bulk of our money? Its very interesting from a legal point of view and can be discussed but pretending that its not a purchase/buying just doesn't seem true when looking at legal definitions of such acts. Does it? legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com purchase: acquire, acquire ownership of, assume ownership, buy, buy up, collect, gain, invest in, make payment for, obtain, order, pay for, pick up, procure, procure title to, redeem, secure, secure for a consideration Purchase To buy; the transfer of property from one person to another by an agreement. Under the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), taking by sale, discount, negotiation, mortgage, pledge, lien, issue, reissue, gift, or any voluntary transaction. buy: acquire by purchase, acquire ownership of, bargain for, complete a purchase, contract, get in exchange, make a purchase, make one's own, mercari, obtain, order, pay a price for, pay cash for, pay for, procure, procure title to, purchase, redeem, secure, secure for a consideration, trade You were never "buying" a product. You were investing in a company with a reward of a watch.... that's why it's called rewards not 'products to purchase'. And regarding them still taking pre-orders, hell... so is Lockitron, and that's years late as well. I had contacted all email addresses they had and one answered. Basically CST is just one of their customers and it didn't sound like any joint venture or even partnership. I contacted flex, never heard anything. Ugh! Another lame-duck project. This should have been rather basic and a gift for a friend - but, it is STILL NOT DELIVERED!??? Refund! *Flextronics IN Milpitas This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Filled this out: <url>– invest – in a concept to take it to production. Obviously there have been problems, but I can not imagine the stress the founders are under. I do not doubt their honesty, and it pains me to read some of these comments. If you wish to spend your time pursuing a refund or legal action, please be civil and respectful, at least for the sake of other backers who are empathetic and hopeful. 92 bottles of beer on the wall, 92 bottles of beer! Ya take 1 down, pass it around, 91 bottles of beer on the wall! This song will be over before you know it, Cosmo @Johannes There was a link to an article about the 13 backers. The CST team returned the $1000 to each them. CST claimed most to them were competitors trying to get a watch to copy. I think they returned the money because these guys were more likely to sue. Dear All, I'm sorry I'm not good in English. Would some one could inform the media/press for assistance. Thanks Wonder if the 13 backers for the prototype ever received their prototype watch for $1000? I hope those at CST have a Merry Christmas. Hope your friends and family enjoy the gifts they got from the money you stole from all of us. I've got nothing respectful or considerate to say, Happy Holidays fellow backers..... They are still taking "pre-orders" starting at $300.00. I wonder how many of those people they suckered in. Website still says Summer 2014 delivery. We on Kickstarter backed an idea but those people actually ordered a product. At this time of the year, we should all feel joy and be kind to everyone. It's also the best of time to have faith. But, since I only believe in chinese holidays, I lost all faith and I think I'm way past the kindness and joy... 92 bottles of beer on the wall, 92 bottles of beer! Ya take 1 down, pass it around, 91 bottles of beer on the wall! Another update would be nice. CST, Not CAT. Stupid touchscreen The most frustrating part is CAT signed in Dec 5th. JUST SAY ANYTHING and the majority of us will feel better. Seriously, just get in on the beer song, show us effort by typing for 17 seconds. 93 bottles of beer on the wall, 93 bottles of beer! Ya take 1 down, pass it around, 92 bottles of beer on the wall! come on, we want a WATCH before christmas To be honest, I don't care about the delay, but I am pissed by the lack of update/consideration... You can be swamped with things to do, writing an update shouldn't take you more than 15 min come on, we want update before christmas The CST team have a tough job, and will deliver. As a group we voted for a thinner watch, so they will take their time to manufacture them correctly. They've had supplier issues because they are also pushing the envelope on technology. PLUS CST for sure has investors in addition to backers, and meeting their commitment with backers is the first step to gaining the trust they need as a company. So I think they will come through, any attempts from backers to sue or discredit the CST team will lead nowhere. For now, we should wait a bit more and hope for a nice surprise. 94 bottles of beer on the wall, 94 bottles of beer, ya take one down, pass it around, 93 bottles of beer on the wall. Send a mail to kickstarter, CST give me no answer, so i send all my questens direkt to kickstarter. Everybody here should be send mails to kickstarter to make some pressure! where my watch? I think we should keep posting to show we still care. No matter the creators choose to ignore us or not. I am disappointed with the delay, but not as much as the way the creators are treating us backers. In each sparse update, a lot of excuses and blaming but no estimate or solid milestone was given. Social sites went done or un-maintained. They kept acknowledging they needed to provide a more frequent update but never kept their word. If they are withholding any information to make a long detailed update, they should know by now it is not appreciated anymore -- a frequent succinct "heart-beat" is way more preferred. I agree that this lack of response is killing the good-faith we have in the creators. They may be good designers but evidently poor project managers, and do not seem to learn anything about that over 2 years of campaign. From the way they are spending on the assembly mechanisms and whatnot they seem to have plans for more business or designs. But doing such a lousy job in achieving their first attempt only deters any future investment or customers. Till today I still don't understand the logic behind the creators towards the updates and interactions with backers. At the end of last year I was hoping to receive this watch and bring it to an annual conference, didn't happen. This year I attended the same conference and again without the watch, or any knowledge about when it is going to arrive. Very disappointed. As I mentioned in my previous comments, I do like the design and hope it will eventually be a successful campaign (i.e., I receive the watch in the end), but I must say the experience is bad to say the least. : its worth every penny, usd$144 dollars, considering kickstarter and anything similar would never ever get my money or my children's money, or from any of my bloodline, its worth the education, a well taught lesson to not pay for any unreal "thing(s) ". At the end a warm fuck you for CST & Kickstarter in a very respectful and considerate manner. Adding my voice to the dissatisfied. As a backer/investor, I waited patiently for months on end. I attempted to contact CST via Kickstarter and the email address listed on the CST website to find out the status, but never heard back from them. A few weeks later I sent an email asking for a full refund as is my right per Kickstarter ToS and continue to be ignored. I put together a small portfolio containing the updates CST provided via Kickstarter and anything else I could find on them and sent it to a friend that works for a company that designs consumer electronics. To summarize, he said he felt that 1. "CST was being disingenuous in many of their updates, especially the most recent". 2. "The clever wording and jargon seem to be an attempt to placate the layperson". 3. "What looks like extremely poor project management" 4. "Distastefully blaming manufacturing partners for issues". 5. Either the "product design is flawed or a bad choice in manufacturing partner/partners was made". 6. "I wish you and the rest of the Kickstarter backers luck in receiving the product. Personally, I do not believe they will deliver and if they do, the quality of work will be abysmal to keep costs low." I wish I had the foresight to ask his opinion before backing this project. I am definitely discouraged from backing more projects on Kickstarter due to this experience. Kickstarter profits from projects like these while making sure they are legally bulletproof claiming they are just providing the "platform". The least they can do is make a good faith effort to communicate with project creators on behalf of the backers/investors as negative experiences with projects reflect poorly on Kickstarter as well. "A 0.80mm thin flexible wristwatch with an E Ink display housed in a single piece of stainless steel." is what I pledged for. my first pledge. there are 3 types of tech-centric projects on kickstarter: - the too good to be true tech - marvelous specs, this will be in next year CES. usually a scam (we have infrared/raman spectroscopy in a wristband.... and a bridge). - the tech is here, well known, we just aggregate it it a new way but have no business acumen (this project...) -the tech is here and we have a business plan; we just want to check the water (Skydog... would you like some Comecast for the weekend Sir?). I feel that the project manger for this KS were way over their head. they had a real good idea. a concept. what have you invented today? The reporter who wrote about CST emailed me to say that she tried to get in touch with David Vondle to no avail. "It seems it is harder to get in contact with them than before" she says. CST, you are superstars! ... "Be respectful and considerate." What a joke! Scam scam scam. And Kickstarter be tolerated everything. What a shit. Everything cheat.... if you follow the link below this, by JS and click on it, you go to the vondle page. scroll to the right a few times,for his "timeline" chart. all units shipped to backers by...wait for it...........feb 2014. say goodbye to your money,folks. perhaps we can pester kickstarter to refund us from their multi-millions of profits so we dont spread hate against the site. once the official "sorry we fucked up" update comes, i will delete kickstarter,period,and never return. ever. Nice Christian!!! Are you a super spy? Nice pictures in his Flickr Account: <url>"CST have been communicating, 27 times is the count. I believe the timing between updates has been meeting the minimum required under the T&C's of Kickstarter." .... could you provide a link, I see nothing like this in the ToS This project - yet again - illustrates the problem of crowdfunding. It's essentially like angel investing, but the "investors" have no equity, nor do the fund seekers have any real obligation to those investors. It seems pretty clear there is a major (probably fatal) problem with this project. Whenever the creators go silent, it's almost always because the project is dead, but they haven't admitted it to the backers yet. I don't think these guys are trying to scam or are living on a beach in the Caribbean or anything, however I am almost positive that the funds have been depleted below the level required to produce the watches long ago, and it appears that they still haven't gotten the bugs worked out to where they can manufacture these things. It is the ongoing problem with all KS projects... you have people with no experience manufacturing a product or running a business thinking it's 100 times easier than it really is. They get in over their heads and when backers get angry, the creators stick their head in the sand and take the easy way out - ignoring the complaints. I think the next update will be the "sorry, we tried, the money is gone - we've lost everything... no watches. We even tried to secure investment money but {insert excuse why it's not their fault} prevented that from happening". Maybe they will string us along for another update or two but that's ultimately where (I think) we are. CST guys... if you are reading comments, just be straight with people. It's not like saying nothing is helping your cause, and if you are seeking outside capital, they are going to see during their due diligence that you guys aren't creating a happy customer base. You're just making things worse. @GWE I GUESS UR RIGHT <url>– stop reading them and you can pretend they don't exist. Matthew, if they had any intention of delivering this watch, they would have spoken up long ago. I wonder if the font-level backers even got their font packs or if CST screwed everyone who backed them. The talk of class action will only distract CST from developing the product they have committed to. Personally, I want the watch. Please let the CST team focus on the watch, and not defending them self to such a negative campaign. @ Neil in the USA it's called a class action lawsuit. What citizen advice bureau fail to understand that damages is 1 million dollars of funding dollars. Any law firm that specializes in class action would pickup this case at no cost and they would probably include Kickstarter because they have some of the money. There is something called the consumer protection act. I am not a lawyer better to have them argue our rights in court. @ Dennis Trautmann Don't swear! But well formulated ;) Das ist doch scheiße hier...! 96 bottles of beer on the wall, 96 bottles of beer, ya take one down, pass it around, 95 bottles of beer on the wall. From: Christine Hall, 10:35 AM (4 Minutes ago) Subject: Re: Your Article about CST Thanks for letting me know. Let me talk to my editor and see what can be done. @Cosmo Moore, great idea. I just sent her a note--hopefully she responds. Suggested a follow up article. After all, this isn't just any failed Kickstarter, it's Chicago's most funded campaign of 2013. Since this kickstarter project has started giving off all the signs of a project that has failed or never even existed at all, I am writing this one off as a loss. I'll be amazed if this project will ever result in any sort of real product. Sony seems to have developed a very nice (and really existing) e-paper watch with a matching e-paper band. <url>"Dear Neil Thank you for your enquiry to Citizens Advice consumer service. Your reference number is AK 1247****. We understand that you have invested in a business through a crowd funding website. You are expecting to receive a watch as a reward for your investment but no watch has yet been supplied by the business, which is based in America. You wish to know your rights in this situation. Your rights and obligations If provision of a watch formed part of the terms of your contract with the business, your claim against them will be for breach of contract if the watch has not been supplied.. A breach of contract will occur when one party to a contract fail to meet their contractual obligations. The practical difficulty you face in pursuing a breach of contract claim is that if the business is based in America it will not be a practical or cost effective option for you to instigate legal proceedings if no watch is supplied. Whilst you can try to contact the trader via email to request they supply the watch, you will need to be realistic about what you can achieve in these circumstances. If you want to discuss this further, please call us on 03454 04 05 06 or reply to this email. Kind Regards Chris S Citizens Advice consumer service Tel: 03454 04 05 06 Web: www.citizensadvice.org.uk" I dont think the discussion should be about 'did we purchase a product or not', but about the project itself. CST stopped communicating to customers, claim to various press outlets that the products indeed have been delivered, STILL TAKE PRE-ORDERS and cite problems that shouldnt be there. The batteries for example were listed as complete and done 6 months ago, and suddenly they are a problem. CST can just try to wait us out and hope we will give up 'because we didnt buy a product' or they can man up and fix this. Don't forget that all the issues that have come up were not listed in the risks and challenges in the kickstarter. I'd love to poll a vote. How many people actually believe they purchased a product, v's, backing a business with a fantastic idea? I keep checking in for an update and with baited breath I hope to see a comment on a shipping date from CST but. I'll admit my excitement of late has turned from an update to who will be the 2000 post! Just saying 7658 backer is a pretty big army. We just need to work together. BBB is also another way we can voice our concerns. I don't think kickstarter should be in business if this sort of thing can happen to the consumer Maybe we can ask some of these bloggers to start writing articles about kickstarter and CST and how we get no updates no response to our emails and no watch... I think kickstarter will not like all the bad press. it might not have been so bad if they had just done as they promised,and given us regular updates. i e mailed them begging for an update just before the last one,asking them to either update,or let us know it cant be done,end this campaign once and for all,and stop keeping us in suspense with the smallest of hopes there will actually be a million bucks worth of timepieces for our (bare) wrists,currently. they finally came back,and promised to do better. they should just put us out of our misery once and for all. get the damn thing made,or cancel the gig and enjoy your sunny vacation using our money. Here is a interesting link about CST refunding the top 13 backers who funded $1000 <url>"groundbreaking" one much more carefully. This is a total scam. Im done with crowd funding. It is a disappointment. I've been quietly waiting, but I'm afraid I have to agree with the vocal posters on this board: a) we have vaporware, and b) the silence from the project managers is telling. I'm also done with crowd funding as this first experience is leaving such a bitter taste. It is not about the project failing but about these two scoundrels not even having the decency to keep their backers informed of whether the project is alive or dead. I had such high hopes for this project. They seemed to have their stuff together early on. Sad to see what they are doing to the backers who handed them over a million dollars. If you have blown the money then have enough respect for us to tell us instead of dragging this on and on. Many of us had hoped to have these last Christmas. Maybe next year? Unfortunately, projects like these discourage people from investing in legitimate projects on Kickstarter. I, for one, am done with crowd funding. CST seem conspicuous by their absence from this arena! After what seemed like brilliant and very regular updates, CST have gone very quiet now things seem to be going rather too slowly. An important management lesson needs to be learned here. Never hide from problems . Get everything out in the open and customers, suppliers and staff will all respect you for it. So come on guys...are you men - or mice? Hey team! Any update here? Maybe we'll ship by Christmas? Another update would be nice. At this point you probably know if they will ship in time for Christmas, and we'd like to know the same. Thanks! Looks like Sony is going to beat CST to market <url>"a thing given in recognition of service, effort or achievement" Definition of Purchase..."acquire something by paying for it; buy" Definition of Pay..."give (someone) money that is due for work done. Goods received, or a debt incurred" In my eyes, and Oxford English Dictionary, I think I PURCHASED & PAID for something. I feel the term "reward" is not accurate in these circumstances and on this website. CST certainly have not achieved their goal. Their service is poor to shite so far, and their effort is unknown! Have a pleasant evening @shayne Do one! See below. Definition of Reward..."a thing given in recognition of service, effort or achievement" Definition of Purchase..."acquire something by paying for it; buy" Definition of Pay..."give (someone) money that is due for work done. Goods received, or a debt incurred" In my eyes, and Oxford English Dictionary, I think I PURCHASED & PAID for something. I feel the term "reward" is not accurate in these circumstances and on this website. CST certainly have not achieved their goal. Their service is poor to shite so far, and their effort is unknown! Have a pleasant evening should i still have a hope on this？ @Bryan Yes, we only appear to have reference to two people. Agree, really not enough to run a business with$1.2m to invest in product design and manufacturing. @Neil nope,sorry, can't just change the rules to suit yourself. It wasn't a purchase. Didnt they say somewhere it is just two people running the company? I mean 2 people is just not enough. I feel like they may come to market eventually but i think as i said before retooling for a thinner band(damn whoever voted for that) really hurt them. @Neil - the $1 backer basically provides access to the updates as we see them. non backers can't see the updates. so no, they would have the same level of disclosure as us. ...Additionally, the $5 backers...have you had your purchase / reward?, and the $1 backer, have you been kept more in the loop then the $99+ backers? Hi All, I have looked at contacting trading standards about this Purchase. (Yes, Purchase! take you arguments of it being a "reward is different to a purchase and shove them deep in your rectal passages!) Trading standards website pushed me towards Citizens Advice (UK...I assume other countries have something similar?) where I have completed a complaints for. Not saying its going to do anything, but anything is worth a go when you have nothing to lose (except our initial outlay and the invisible watch!), the link is <url>´；д；｀) It'ss been almost 2 years,,,, WTF..... I. want my money back. toinvest somewhere else.. @sean Lmao! Cracking lol yea but like the liberty bell I can survive with a crack! I have to admit it's looking grim but only because the lack of communication after there was a promise. Prior to that they were doing ok in my book. I still hold strong in wishing them the best! Is there anybody from our 7658 backers who's already launched a project with KS ? I suppose there are rules to respect such as having regular communication with the backers even after campaigns ends, otherwise KS can take some actions against creators and eventually revisit their Terms & Conditions- If you've read the FAQ, you certainly noticed that Kickstarter applies a 5% fee to the funds collected, so it's important for them that creators will continue to use KS, that backers are confident and fund projects so they are accountable to get that business model working .... but to take any action, KS has to know !!! I strongly advise all of you to submit a report to KS by clicking the "Report this project" button at the bottom of this project page - If KS is not taking any further action vs CST after having the 7658 reports, we might consider sharing our concerns and posting our comments, not only within that project page, but within all projects comments place - We are 7658 backers for only 7000 projects ongoing in KS ... On a positive note, I can walk through the TSA metal detector without concern that I am wearing a watch that will set it off! Let's start discussing what to get instead... <url>"Our manufacturing partner has installed daily updates." So they've met with their manufacturing partner over 20 times by now. I'm shocked no progress has come from this (EDIT: NOT shocked). Big Jeff, you say no one wins here, but you're wrong. There's a clear winner. HINT: They're the ones holding $1.02 million, getting totally derailed--most recently--by teeny little metal battery tabs. Wild speculation below: Next update will be in two weeks. New delays because of christmas/new years. Unexpected problems with a new part of the manufacturing process, my guess would be the paint. Supplier is working on problem. New picture of the 7 completed watches. Shipping is 6 weeks away. I am more interested in updates by Keats at this moment. Did he really take legal action A month since last update. Will they ship by Christmas? Yea I don't understand why we have radio silence I have always been on the side of the creators but they are not helping themselves. I hope they get it together and get the watches out not just for us but for them. They took a big chance in their lives and I wouldn't want them to fail I rather them succeed. If it were me I would want to succeed. We need more people willing to take a chance in life to try stuff never tried before. Without them we don't progress as a society. If everyone just gets into their comfortable spot and never tries to get outside the box. Where do we go? Granted some people fail but it is not to be celebrated and we should all want to encourage them to cross the finish line. That is the very reason we are apart of kickstarter. Sometimes failure is the best way to progress. I am sure they failed a lot to get this far. We have been with them. I hope they succeed and I hope they become so rich that they are able to pay it forward one day seeding an idea that otherwise wouldn't make it nowadays. Back in a day you could open up a good stand and next thing you know you have a Wendy's or a McDonald's. Nowadays you cannot even have a lemonade stand from your kids without the health department shutting it down. The regulations alone if you are following them would cost you more then you were actually making at the damn stand. So in light of that you have to congratulate them for getting this far. Not shaming them for failing. If they failed I feel sorry for them I am not mad and not suing. I hope they succeed. Around 2 years and no watch WTF just send me my watch or my money back alreay. Seriously sick of updates. Here is an update im fucking sick of updates and no product. @Big Jeffv How about CST just grow a pair and tell us what is going on in a regular fashion? Yea I believe intentions were true and they have made some watches. But maybe something has happened who knows. But class action law suits or suing individually is not going to produce much if anything in terms of results. We all only have so much skin in the game so no single person has anything to gain. And if we go class action we will see pennies on the dollar while the lawyer walk's away with the lion share. So we all should either chalk it up as a loss and forget about it and maybe we may get a watch at sometime. Or someone with a bunch money they don't know what to do with, and cares enough to take one for the team. Take case themselves. Even then say there is a perfect storm what is there left you prolly be suing the backers just their LLC and they are either broke or don't have anything nearly enough to make anyone whole. You might get the watches finished and unfinished laying around. There is no real winner other then them shipping the watches. When you think about it while I don't believe this is a scam by any stretch of the imagination, I could see scammers doing this once a month or several a month just collecting money and nothing else. Kickstarter while having created a great way to bring projects that otherwise wouldn't come to reality. Have also created a perfect platform for scammers. Come up with a half baked idea keep the buy in low enough that people don't care but high enough that makes it profitable and keep the projects rolling in. I would be willing to bet there have been a few on kickstarter already that were successful in scamming people out of their money. Again I don't believe CST is doing that it just makes one wonder in the situation we are in now the possibilities. All they would have to do to ease much of this anxiety is have regular updates/check ins. Just show you're here. Not very nice. Will we ever receive this watch.... Probably not. Will we ever receive a refund..... Probably not. Will the CST team feel any guilt as they spend our money...... Probably not. So what do we do? Do we report this to kickstarter on mass? They have changed their policies on failed projects. Do we start a class action suit? Or do we hunt the CST team down and beat them until they give back the money they have stolen from so many people? how about the 13 backers for the 1000 dlls pledge...? We are a high volume backer here on Kickstarter and are getting worried about this project - will our watch ever be delivered... Someone mentioned this earlier,but I think it's worth repeating; it took 12 months to build Disneyland. Make of that what you will. You know, I understand that projects can be delayed, and that there may have been challenges along the way, but with 5 times the requested funding this should have been a no-brainer. I still want the watch and I am no pessimist like the other folks here clamoring for refunds but any excitement I had for this product is gone. I have backed several projects here on Kickstarter. Most delivered in a timely fashion. A few had been delayed due to the producer's inexperience but they kept the backers informed and did complete the project a few months late. Then there is this type of producer, who hide from the backers and hopes it will all just go away. I have only had 2 really bad projects that I backed, this one and the gstick pen mouse. While the gstick only had 130,000 to make about 4000 mice, CST got over a million. CST really has no excuse for what is happening. I still back projects that seem like great ideas to me, so don't let a few incompetents turn you off Kickstarter. I don't believe anyone ever intended to screw us over on this. It's a good idea, and it's quite obviously achievable. Through poor project management or simply by grossly underestimating the task (majorly, considering they made 5x the goal in funding), things have gone terribly wrong and the product is 20 months past due. We're all humans. We can have good intentions, but still make mistakes which cause us to fail. What I can't tolerate is when people don't own up to those mistakes. All of us who pledged believed that the CST guys could deliver on their promise to us. They haven't, and their silence is completely and inexcusably disrespectful. This experience not only makes CST look bad, but it makes Kickstarter look bad too. With 5x the expected funding, and almost 2 years late, CST still hasn't delivered. I don't think I'll be pledging for another Kickstarter project. That's unfortunate, because there are people out there who could deliver on their promise of a cool product if they had the funding. Fool me once, fool me twice... Just not gonna happen. C ick ST arter. CST: Your project management and communications skills are utterly atrocious. If you take pride in yourselves, your company, or the CST-01 product at all--if you have any courage or dignity--you'd fulfill your promise to communicate more frequently. Instead, more of the same. First and last Kickstarter here. Good job. it seems they would rather hide than man up and admit they screwed up. They are making it worse by promising to change and communication more then keep doing that same thing. Why is it so hard for this company to communicate with its backers? Don't they understand how poorly the backers have been treated with the lack of communication on the company side. GWE: On the Press section on <url>“I said, 'If other beings besides us exist on Earth, why didn't we meet them a long time ago?” they should engrave this on every watches... for the lingering is as tremendously futile as French poetry. nihilistic to a sense. what is time when you have no watch? Sean: unless CST logs in with a different account to check comments, they have not been on Kickstarter since 11-5-14. They only log in every couple of weeks, so they probably will not log in for another week or so. The only purpose of comments for this project is for the backers to vent their feelings. I asked a while ago, "has anyone living in Chicago gone to the CST offices to see if they still exist and just how "busy" these guys really are." Has anyone done this? Maybe that's why CST fails to acknowledge our comments. Only smart people can see them--HEYYYOOOOOO! I have a feeling that IF CST is reading these comments, and IF the watches are still coming, my box is just gonna be out-of-spec bands and lumps of coal. Nope. Only smart people can see it. Don't you? CST-01: The world's first invisible watch CST where's my watch or are you just a bunch of loser taking backers money. CST where's my watch or are you just a bunch of loser taking backers money. CST where's my watch or are you just a bunch of loser taking backers money. 99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer! You take one down, pass it around, 99 bottles of beer on the wall... Yeah, we're not getting these before February of next year. Definitely not gonna happen. I have precisely 0% faith we'll receive the watches before then. I just turned around and saw the painting behind me was painted by a Gant C. Chart. The picture frame is the "Lunar" model frame, made by a company called Holliday. In tiny font in the bottom right corner, I see the color is considered "PVC Rose Gold" and it's made of 5% titanium. I think they've been Verbal Kint'ing us. I'm beginning to think we could pass a bill through congress quicker scary as this is, we are just over 3 months until feb 22, of 2015 !! 102 days to the 2 year mark. who thinks we will have them within 100 days? anybody? we should have an update by then. hopefully. Jason: The vote was a joke about CST's excuses for all the delays CST's new project should be a Sarcasm Meter. They could make millions! What this shit about a vote? I've received no email or advice? Please explain, I just want me fucking watch. Already one hour after the voting started it became clear that the vast majority prefers one space after the period. 3 people voted for one space and only 2 people voted for two spaces. Now CST needs to reformat its update which was already almost finished and would have come out next week. Now it will take another few months or so. Thanks to you voters. Not!!! :-( They need us all to take a vote before they can continue! Should their update feature two spaces after a period or just one space? THIS IS CRITICAL, FOLKS! VOTE WISELY! And to make matters worse, they've developed another severe tolerance problem: their backers can't tolerate their BS. maybe it is a problem with the Chinese made keyboard. It didn't come up to specs I had heard that the update font was too thick and they could not find a way to turn off BOLD...just a rumor though. Sean: LOL seems about right Good news! CST has just received funding to construct another update. Unfortunately, there are some serious problems with the font and space bar. Out of a batch of 100 updates, only 7 made any sense. Hang tight and remember, update writing is complex and challenging! I think asking for refunds is already too late. Most if not all of the pledged money is gone by now. what the guys are doing is a perfect example of bad project management and customer service. I feel that they pruposely go hiding which to me means bad news. CSt Guys get your sh.t together and gives us some production and financial update. hi, when do you think the first shipment will be out? I want a refund guys. Can no longer wait... Random Fact - The Harlem Shake Videos had not gone viral when the CST-01 got backed. Kinda gives you a good idea of the amount of time we're talking here. I've given up on caring. I bet you we'll all have Apple Watches on our wrists before these even ship. Funded to over a million bucks and these ne'er-do-wells can't even be bothered to regularly update their backers. Utterly scandalous. Nearly at the 2 year mark since funding and........The issues that remain are the bands, batteries and yield targets. Far short of the cardboard box that they are displayed in that's pretty much everything your watch is all about...........7658 backers still waiting for this and at this stage of production you should be down to weekly updates, but I bet your too busy soaking up the sun sipping cocktails just watching that interest money just stack up......Disgruntled! CST logged in today (first time since 10-23) maybe they want to see if the unhappy backers gave up @Matthew You must be easily amused :) @CST -- you have at least one happy customer now! Lol they got evicted people started going into convulsions! And it was just a joke..... These people on here are sitting on the edge of their seats. Lol they got evicted people started going into convulsions! And it was just a joke..... These people on here are sitting on the edge of their seats. The amusement alone I get from reading these comments is alone worth the money I gifted to CST. #justsaying Confirming that the evicted thing was a joke. I am pretty sure them getting evicted because of a lunar holiday was a joke... who found out they were evicted? thats the last straw, from all that excess cash,they cant afford to pay the rent? this for sure is, if true,pretty much a done deal. no watches. live and learn. one of my other kickstarter watches is the exact opposite of these guys, scroll down to the "timeline", to see how it was done correctly. sad news indeed. <url>".....As we come to understand more about manufacturing and durability, we may need to change some of the materials we are using. Currently we are looking into different materials for front mask materials that will achieve a more even surface and be more scratch resistant. This may result in a final watch that has slightly different dimensions compared to what our prototype has proven. Even with a material change we are confident we will be able to keep the thickness below 1mm....." While changing the band material was not strictly needed, mismanagement and poor communication made not lead to legal action it has lead to massive frustration from the backers. The people that have purchased and still are purchasing the CST-01 from the site may have a case for fraud because the CST-01 is not what the site states it to be. The band and specs of the watch are not the same as listed Frederick, again, perhaps you can explain to me how CST has committed fraud. I'm no lawyer, but I've looked up the legal definition of fraud, and CST doesn't seem to be guilty. We have updates showing test units, samples, and completed base stations. We have Flextronics verifying that CST is a client, and that they are indeed building a real physical product, not vaporware. I could see the case for fraud if they didn't post any updates, or if they were building them in their living room, but that's not the case. Don't get me wrong, I'm tired of waiting too, and I'd love some frequent updates, but the last thing I feel they are guilty of is fraud, poor project manegment and a lack of communication skills yes, but not fraud. If the loss of $100 has left you, "on the street with no money", perhaps you shouldn't have backed a project on KickStarter. Well..................evicted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just like the 7,658 backers who had 100+ dollars evicted from their wallets and were dumped on the street with no money, and NO WATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Last update was a joke- I've seen better PR spin from third world dictators.IS there still anyone out there who actually thinks they will get a watch? Folks it time to organize into a class action suit in Illinois and take these guys to court for fraud! *citing They got evicted for being 14 months late on their rent. They apologized for this, sighting a lunar holiday. Has anyone living in Chicago been to the offices of CST to see how busy these guys really are? Or if the office still exist Nitinol is used in all kinds of medial devices, which have much higher tolerance than a watch band. These parts are all made by automated machines. I looked at the Facebook page for this project and the poor people that purchase through the web site are just as ticked as people here. The web site is still taking orders and has a September 2014 delivery date. It also states the watch is .8mm thick not the .98mm now specified. to me this is false advertising but the guys at CST are "too busy" to communicate with backers so they are "to busy" to fix the site. I just thought about this think about those who pre ordered from the website and not through kickstarter I wonder how they feel. They much be must worse off. They have no idea what's going on. This people may be jumping off bridges left and right! Lol losing their minds. Yea I don't remember the reasoning behind the change but I remember the change. I believe they are using a better product in the titanium but that has now become the issue. We were all aware of the battery issues they had early on but the bands have went from done to not done lol. These's watches are so thin I cannot imagine a machine just doing these start to finish. It's going to have to be done by a person one at a time by hand. Of course machines will be in the mix we seen them already. But something this precise they are going to have to do it in person. Which sucks but quality is important in this product there is no room for error pun intended. I hope it works out for them. It would be nice if they could actually build a business around this and be very profitable. Looking back at this like remember those days lol. I think they changed the bands as an attempt to make up for previous delays. Nitinol and stainless steel cost about the same but CST simply choose the cheapest manufacturer. but they could not handle high tolerance the bands require, CST tried to cut corners on the bands to stretch the funds they had remaining and now can't afford to switch to a competent supplier. You raise a good point @jeffyJeffJeff; surely if they wanted to try a different band material you'd test it, not scrap all of your work and imagine that this new material is just going to work for 100% of the process. @james I kind of though the same thing they already had the stainless steel bands why change to the titanium bands? I have read that the titanium bands are better material which is great but if they were not able to get the product out in a reasonable manner with the new bands then it should have been shelved for CST-02 or something. I am glad that we are getting a version 2 the first time. But there has to be a line drawn where shipping of the watches must happen. I don't work in their field of study but I do work in networking. And I work for a big city so it's important that it works. So we have change controls where whenever we do a major change we not only have to let everyone know and they sign off on it but we have to have a blackout procedure in case the change does not work. Downtime is spelled out in the change control and everything is submitted before anything goes into affect. It seems like they could have done something similar in the sense that if the new bands didn't work out they would have the stainless steel bands ready. Like so they could still shit the product and then continue working on version 2 which is the titanium. And everyone signed up for the stainless steel bands so they couldn't complain if they had to ship the stainless steel because the titanium didn't work out. Even at this stage in the game. So while I may be Monday morning quarterbacking they are valid reason at least from my perspective. I may be wrong and only the creators would know. But I am not discouraged and still have confidence in the creators. They seem to pay close attention to every detail which seems to be a double edged sword. They will eventually turn out a perfect product but it will take longer then normal. Mathew Parker, I really hope you're Vondle in disguise...otherwise I can't fathom your motivation for writing your comment. Negative comments have nothing to do with CST's lack of communication. Negative comments are not preventing CST from figuring out their band problems. You think they have legal council? Must be a pro-bono lawyer, lord knows they don't have enough of our money left to afford an hourly guy. @Matthew Parker: CST has had very poor record of communication ever since they got the funding, long before anyone thought of suing. They made a very poor choice of manufacturer for the bands and now that they are running out of money, they can not afford to find a more competent one. Nitinol is used for many high spec items, so making the bands should not be this hard. They are not inventing the wheel. CST doesn't communicate because they are "to busy" they are just hiding until they are forced to communicate. talk of suing is just frustrated people venting. CST doesn't even bother to check the comments for weeks at a time. This idea of suing isn't helping. As a business I'm sure they legal advice on this matter This advice would possibly (or likely) be to avoid any contact unless legally required to do so. What that translates into is that update will be infrequent, aimed to meet a minimum requirement and generally not contain any form of language that could be seen as being a contract. Those talking about suing have ruined it for the rest of us that - I'm certain that many of us think the CST team are delivering what we asked for...a journey of design and the manufacturing a watch. In the time it's taken CST to make 7 watches we've; Dropped 2 men from space Created an electrical generator 1 atom thick Developed a working tractor beam Launched an array of space rockets Grown human intestines inside of mice Made a paralyzed man walk again using his own nose And been able to grow blood vessels in 7 days All of which have never been done before and, I would imagine, is a lot harder than making a very basic watch. @Big Jeff I understand what you're saying, and I would probably agree with you normally. But for me, it's very concerning with the issues that they are having, these are basic manufacturing issues that, for the most part, should have been completed before the design even left the paper. Every update, there's something wrong with the bands. Sure, it's somewhat technical, but we're talking about bending a thin band, this shouldn't be taking years to get sorted. (I have some experience with manufacturing and realise bending metal is not as easy as it sounds). Its like offering the world origami squares and two years in saying you haven't got the right paper. You know? As for the failure rate of the units, what was it 7 completed in 2 years. I imagine that most manufacturers would see that as an epic failure and cut there losses - assuming, like CST, they hadn't got the spec right before manufacturing began. Crippled crab with crutches Quack quack lol I love the duck like never heard of it before but it's great this duck better lay some eggs lol that's crazier then a cripples crab with crutches lol! @jamie you had a good point I didn't think of it that way. While that is not my intention that could be viewed in that way. I don't think they are not going to make good on their promise to ship out watches. I just think that they are having troubles. It's not like they did this everyday for a living. They took a big chance during tough times in a country full of regulations to create something that never existed before. I mean all very tall feats and I congratulate them for getting this far. Think about how much don't make it to the market. I am not condoning behavior to which I don't think is applicable to these project creators. That's all nothing more but nothing less either. I know some people are frustrated and want to see what they paid for. And I know that this is their only recourse and I am sure is a more preferential one for the creators apposed to the other actions taken. So while I do seem a bit harsh it is not my intention to make anyone else's feeling about the project invalid or discourage discourse. I am just very strongly opinionated most of the times and so it seem that way. I also see this in a different light as well. So that helps with what may be perceived misinterpretation of the current status of the project. But all my intentions are true and without malice. Quack quack lol GUYS PLEASE RESPOND !! I NEED A REFUND. @Ursus310 This duck is contractually obliged to lay eggs, which is why people talk of suing them. I don't get why some backers are trying to sue CST. If you want to buy a watch, go to a shop - but this is kickstarter, you are one of many that funded a project with your money as venture-capital because you were the opinion that it is worth the money. If the duck will lay eggs, you might get one. So please CST, get going and please keep updating - if anyone here launched a project for itself, he might have been noticed that it's uncommon that all is running as planned. Like you, I too have enough and, like you, consider this $120 "gone" regardless. But by sitting idly by, you're condoning every person, every dodgy tradesman, out there who takes money from people and doesn't provide the service. It's not so much about "just $100", it's about the morality and ethics. Lol I would have said the same thing. I have said the same thing to people before. I wish I had more money I knew what to do with. I actually asked for a raise yesterday cause I don't have enough. I have been making the same money since 2011 cause the economy my pay has basically frozen. And my 3 kids didn't stop growing yet lol. No I just look at money differently. I hate having to use it just to operate in society. Maybe if I was rich I wouldn't have to worry but I am not there yet. Trust me if I was rich I would send you money just for shits and giggles. But I am looking for a way to eat lunch today and I don't get paid until Thursday. I couldn't afford more then one watch lol I didn't have that much dough at the time I backed this project. I think I backed the lockitron at the same time and I have that on my door now. They were a year past their delivery date and they weren't even on kickstarted they did their own funding thing in their website. And I have mine in fact a second one too! Oops substitute "have yours" for "help you have yours" < /end-edit> @Jeffv If you have money you'd rather not have -- can I let you know my PayPal address and you can pass it on? I could use it at the moment. I'd also like my watches (note: plural -- some of us have pledged for more than one), but failing that I'd like my money -- and I'm quite happy to help you have yours as well if you wish. If you have more money than you know what to do with then think yourself lucky -- but don't assume everyone else places no value on money. I had all this stuff typed up then I thought about it and said o well I guess when CST is don't dealing with the people who want their money back, and attorney generals I think one person said, and any other legal issues you guys are cooking up I might see my watch lol. What can I do you guys are determined lol nothing is going to stop you guys from getting that 100 some bucks from people that may not even have it lol. Seems like a waste of time to me. But we already know all the tradesman and merchants around me know I am crazy lol I just walk down the street giving money away lol or maybe like Jack Nicholson on batman just foreign money off the float with a smile on my face. Lol I just watched that the other day. Great article someone posted below. I particularly like the templates one disgruntled backer created for opening credit card disputes. I'm tempted to try this. You can take a look at the template he created here: <url>❤️ Having to work at such a large scale and making sure mass production will go flawlessly seems really tiresome, but I'm glad you haven't given up. @Frederick Given CST are such a small team, I for one would rather you did't give them yet one more thing to absorb their time -- they've got enough on their hands getting us our watches. And yes, I think that on balance, they'll get there. @trogdor-- I did do something- filed formal complaints with Illinois Attorney General fraud office and Federal Consumer Protection fraud office so back off-. The complaints are in the investigative stage but they are having substantial difficulty ( sound familiar) getting a hold of anyone from CST What a pile of fertilizer- same old same old its some suppliers fault BS no real data on when we can actually expect anything just excuses ( and the same excuses re-worded) that we have been getting for 18 months. Does anyone actually still believe we will ever see a watch??? This "update"says nothing useful and is actually more concerning for its lack of real info the "Nitinol bands" should have never been tried, done, surveyed etc. Should have stuck to the plan. Thanks for the update, guys - please try to do that again next week! That was the LEAST satisfying update we've received to date. Honestly, 7 bands? I'm not one to complain, but GUYS, it's getting pretty ridiculous... Zero substance to the update, literally reiterating almost everything that we've previously heard. Idk what to say, other than enjoy the complaining for the next six weeks. I am 100% with Jamie below...still no bands, still dealing with simple design/manufacturing issues, no timeline or delivery estimate. The people who are gushing about this update are kidding themselves. We're in for a long wait. Do not expect before 2015. And it'll probably be on the later side of 2015 when these things do go out. Same old excuses. Is there any part that CST-01 hasn't screwed up on. Stop whining people. You'll be just as happy as every other backer when the postman knocks at your door. I am a product designer, and among the projects I've been given to work on, some took years to develop, and with existing manufacturing processes on top of that. Give the proper respect to CST guys for starting from scratch and trying so damn hard. They are claiming that money is really tight now and that a shortage of funds might cause more delays/problems. Look to your right - they estimated 200k for this project and are running short of cash after being given over a million. It's becoming clear that they severely underestimated every single part of this project. You people really need to start reading between the lines and ignoring all the spin. "samples" "we were able to assemble 7 working units" (of the 7,658 KS backers PLUS website preorders) Now the stickers on the batteries are a problem.~ The bands STILL aren't finalised. And there is STILL no shipping estimate/date. Chinese "Golden Week" is an excuse - well guess what people, Christmas is coming up and there's going to be a lot more people throughout the process who won't be working. Yes, it's an "update", but nothing has changed. These are things that, literally, should have be sorted years ago. If basic design concepts are still proving to be problematic, you're going to be lucky if you see anything this side of Summer 2015 - if at all. THIS IS SO EXCITING! Seriously, this was worth reading all the other people frustrations and complaints. It was like Dinner, a shoe, and a really nice gift at the end. Keep up the good work guys. I knew that this would turn around. Those finished bands look pretty sweet! Box mine up send it out lol! What it seems to me is that they will take longer to make that's all. I don't mind as long as they are being made. Keep up the good work CST. Hopefully you don't have to worry about these knuckleheads trying to sue while your trying to finish watches. They have no case anyway. There are finished watches on hand and very valid reasons why they don't have more. No judge is going to take the case seriously. Look guys they could I am sure send out halfassed watches and that would be something else to **** about. Or they can have a standard and hold to it? Also with all the moving parts involved I am sure they are more frustrated then we are about the delays. This is their lives they are putting into this none of us here have taken that leap. Those finished bands look pretty sweet! Box mine up send it out lol! What it seems to me is that they will take longer to make that's all. I don't mind as long as they are being made. Keep up the good work CST. Hopefully you don't have to worry about these knuckleheads trying to sue while your trying to finish watches. They have no case anyway. There are finished watches on hand and very valid reasons why they don't have more. No judge is going to take the case seriously. Look guys they could I am sure send out halfassed watches and that would be something else to **** about. Or they can have a standard and hold to it? Also with all the moving parts involved I am sure they are more frustrated then we are about the delays. This is their lives they are putting into this none of us here have taken that leap. sorry only 56.25 failure rate I;m glad for the update, but it is just another list of excuses and the comment that they are running low on funds. They state that they have problems with the batteries, 57.25% failure rate in assembly and the band manufacturer can't make or deliver bands at any reasonable rate. The good news is it only took 19 months to make seven watches. here are a couple of quotes from earlier updates: Update #21 May 7 2014 Our Trip to Flextronics "Believe it or not, attaching the battery has actually been a very difficult process to get right (and repeatable). The process we got to seems like we finally nailed it." Update #20 Apr 25 2014 Final pieces of the puzzle Parts we have on-site that are good to go: The following list are the parts we have qualified, tested and are ready to be implemented once the other pieces of the puzzle fall into place: Base station PCBs All electrical components Zinc weights Torsional springs USB cables E-ink displays All adhesives Batteries Watch programming fixture Battery attachment tool and machine Hot bar tool and machine Ultrasonic weld tooling and machine (for attaching the PCB to Base Station plastics) Watch assembly station. Oh god. Another delay. I lost hope. I'm just going to buy a Timex Originals Watch. See you next year. CST Team - Even though the update isn't quite as positive as we all would have liked, much thanks for posting. As many folks have said, we'd much rather have an update which reports issues than no update at all. And it does seem as if you are making progess. Still hoping for your success. finally !! thanks for the update, glad to see you are still around and havent just disappeared totally. so, waiting for bands,still,is the issue ? i would tell everyone on here that it is not going to be a 2014, xmas delivery. sounds like it's 2015. I just hope before Apple brings theirs out "early 2015". positive side? we got an update,even though it still gave no timeline. pencil it in for 2015 sometime,kids. better late than never,right? I forgot I even funded this lol It'd be nice to get an update :) @Frederick Ampel You keep talking about legal so just do it instead of talking about it. Breathing threats does nothing to help the situation. Frederick, perhaps you can explain to me how CST has committed fraud. I'm no lawyer, but I've looked up the legal definition of fraud, and CST doesn't seem to be guilty. We have updates showing test units, samples, and completed base stations. We have Flextronics verifying that CST is a client, and that they are indeed building a real physical product, not vaporware. I could see the case for fraud if they didn't post any updates, or if they were building them in their living room, but that's not the case. Don't get me wrong, I'm tired of waiting too, and I'd love some frequent updates, but the last thing I feel they are guilty of is fraud, poor project manegment and a lack of communication skills yes, but not fraud. One more thing, if you look at update 23 it looks like about 1/3 of backers took the survey, that's not an insignificant number of people. @Cosmo Moore: CST just stated that the majority wanted to wait, at this point I feel this was just another way to buy them time. Nobody saw the actual results of the survey. The survey was only available for less than a day, I don't think the majority of backers had time to vote and the option was not given to the people that purchased through their web site To all those who chastised me for filing legal complaints about these folks- -Maybe NOW since we have not had an update in 6 weeks, and no watches have been shipped you will re-think your position. IT'S TIME TO SUE THESE GUYS FOR FRAUD. THEY TOOK ORDERS DIRECTLY, WHICH PUTS THEM UNDER FEDERAL LAW, AND HAVE NEVER DELIVERED. FORGET KICKSTARTER THEY WONT HELP- WE SHOULD SUE THEM ALSO, BUT CST IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL LAW AND THEY MUST REPEAT MUST BE SUED - ITS THE ONLY CHANCE TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK. SUING KICKSTARTER WOULD NOT BE A BAD IDEA EITHER AS THEY HAVE SOME OF THE MONEY. I couldn't care less on thickness at this point. So long as it's thick enough to--you know--actually exist, I'll be okay. @GWE - You are probably right. I was trying to think of some reasons why a creator would log in. Let's not forget, they asked us to vote. Do you want it to be officially the worlds thinnest watch and wait longer, or are you ok with it being a couple mm's thicker than some old antique watch that wasnt functional and get it sooner. The vote went in favor of waiting. Sigh. I dont care about the exact thickness. No one's going to call BS on me and bring out a ruler. I've reported them now as well. Everyone should report them: "This creator is not communicating/project status is unclear" is one of the options they give you. If we all report this project, KS is more likely to contact them, and while they can't force CST to get the project out, they can pressure them to give us the inevitable "we failed epically" update we're all expecting. They also logged in yesterday 10-21. They may be just checking on other projects they backed or just to see if the backers are upset again .... maybe my refund LOL "Well they logged in again today (10/22). So perhaps something is in the works." ... Really???! Well they logged in again today (10/22). So perhaps something is in the works. sent them an email just now, oct 21 at 10;25 p.m., basically said update us one way or the other. we are all tired of waiting. let us know whats going on,or admit defeat and close it down, at least we would all not be hanging on in futility and can move on. lets see what,if anything,comes from it. i am willing to bet, nothing. fingers are crossed,and maybe we will get good, but probably bad news,and can avoid kickstarter like the plague from now on, and make sure we yak about it online,so maybe kickstarter will take their millions of dollars in profit and refund us. a million bucks to them is way cheaper than the bad word of mouth. This user's account has been deleted. Time to start the countdown to class action... @chris Tufano: you maybe right about the money CST got from Kickstarter but they have been taking orders on their own web site. This puts them into the category of fraudulent sales if they don't come through with something or file bankruptcy to walk away with the cash. I think CST really was going to make the watch but because of early problems with the internal components and the charging station, they thought it would be nice upgrade the bands as a way to makeup for the wait. They made a bad choice having the new bands made in China, to stretch the money they had left, which lead to more problems and wait times. They will not admit they screwed up and should have stayed with the original bands so they just don't say anything at all. I have reported CST if we can get all backers to do the same then a bit of pressure might help get us an update. Even tho its been stated now, Kickstarter will do nothing to help us should CST decide to not ship any product. Its what it is. There are other projects Im on that are basically "tough luck". You cant get your $$ back from credit card as its past 60 days. You cant really get a lawyer to take interest in a case since the odds are the company/person has spent all $$ actually trying to develop the item and has nothing left to get back to give to backers or pay the attorney fees, so they arent interested. Its really up to CST to decide if they want to finish the watches. No one can make them. Unfortunately, they are literally above the law. I really hope we get our watches though :\ Keep voting guys. <url>"oops, you are on your own and better luck next time." This watch got me to sigh up for kickstarter and was the first Item I pledged for. Its a shame CST has left a bitter taste in my mouth for kickstarter and any crowd funding. They initially asked for 200,000 dollars and got 1million. You would think this would help in the progression but it hasn't. The 7.6k backers have been waiting over a year now and are losing faith. I really hope the watch is shipped soon. you would think for a watch building company they would give us more timely updates and transparency. I'm not saying that this is but I will say it again looks to me like a scam. I did report this project to Kickstarter and this was there respond Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request (#395069) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Melissa (Kickstarter) Oct 03 14:50 Hi Eduardo, Thank you for following up with us about the status of the CST project. I’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about. Thank you again for sharing the experience that you have had with this project. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We hope that you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community. Best, Melissa What really upsets me is the fact that, the creators seem to be aware of many of us backers are more frustrated with the lack of updates or status report, than the delay of the band manufacturing, yet they still chose to ignore even a slight gesture of keeping us in the loop. What happened after you compared notes after lunar holidays? Even if you say the other side refused to give an estimate would prove that at least you've tried to push things forward. I honestly don't think every update has to be solid and full of information is your best approach right now. It's a bit over 10 months since I got a "response need" for the size I want and my address, which, as the creators put it, was "absolutely needed". This gave me the impression that everything was well in order, and should happen after the samples were approved. Well, I was wrong. That being said I still hope the creators can keep their words and give us a "heartbeat" or something in a more frequent manner (less than once a month is not acceptable at this stage), and sincerely hope they can succeed in completing this project. It seems likely to me that what's happened is that either something has gone wrong with the band orders again, or (more likely IMO) they simply have no delivery estimate from their supplier. I've seen this happen on tight tolerance stuff before. Sometimes, the supplier will agree to a tolerance, and just assume that they'll have a fallout of 90%, selecting the matching product for shipping. They can't forecast that accurately, because they have basically no way of knowing whether a batch will work or whether it goes back in the recycling bin. You can keep pushing for dates, but you'll likely never hear anything until it ships. And the manufacturers often won't tell you that they see a problem meeting the target, because they still want the job. I have no way of knowing, of course, but I fully expect not to get another update until they have the whole band order in hand and have sent them back out for PVD. My experience with another kickstarter project that's looking very, very unhealthy is that reporting the project to kickstarter results in them sending an email to the project creators reminding them of their responsibilities. But that's it I'm afraid -- that's all they can / will do. @ Neil Mullet. I didn't realise there was that button to report the project, I have reported them as well, I suggest everyone does the same! Well since they logged in last week, my gut tells me there is an update in the works. But I could also be completely wrong. I'm not sure who is aware of this or not, but back on the main CST kickstarter page, right at the very bottom there is a "Report this project" option. Within there is an option for "Post Funded Issue", within this description, it refers to communication, lack of transparency, concern that the project may not be fulfilled. I have just completed the above...not sure it will get me / us anywhere. But if all 7658 backers do the same, Kickstarter surely cannot ignore all of us..........can they??? @Mark, Thanks for the input. Happy to change the answer choices. Just want to have a rough idea on how the majority feels about this project. Also want the creators to realise what responsibilities thay have as they obviously don't understand or care about. Why to people turn to dishonesty when things go bad? Why can't they say: "sorry we've messed up". @Peter your survey is too polar -- it's either "I trust them and it'll arrive soon" or "I don't trust them at all and the project's a write-off". There's a whole world or attitudes between those two extremes including the position I suspect that the majority here would take: "I did trust them, but with every week that passes with them completely out-of-contact I am forced to trust them less, and the chance of them delivering clearly diminishes with every month that passes." It's been sometime huh� The project is not completed because nobody has gotten the watch. The CST team is not making any comments because they don't want to upset the backers but by default they are they are upsetting the backers by not telling us what is going on even though they have promised to keep us in the loop. They made a poor choice for the supplier of the bands. Man up and deal with the results of this choice. I've been trying to find out if there has ever been a public announcement of this project ever being finished, and January 2014 seems to be the most recent. For all I know, the guy starting this had a heart attack and isn't even there any more. I backed the Pebble too and love it, even though it took longer than expected. That's not unusual. But this project has gone way past that line. His web site is old and uninformative. Good luck everyone, but I think this is a lost cause. and the results: <url>… anybody really did? How about the results? Come on CST, give us an update weather it is good or bad news we will understand only if you keep us inform Hello CST - How is the world longest waiting watch going? Must be still honed the watch to make it to be thinnest watch yet. Good luck and take care of yourself, I am very sad for you guys! CST, It said to be respectful but you guys are one of the most disrespectful people to ignore us for a long time. @David Livermore - I also backed and received the Bradley. It is a great watch and looks amazing in my collection. But I have not lost faith in CST, not sure why I haven't but I think they will still deliver. I normally check in on this project once a month. Was really hoping to read a recent update, considering we're more than a year past the expected delivery now. So, what can you tell us CST? Thanks! Please update your backers! We have financed this project and invested our money, so ignoring us is rude and disrespectful. <url>"the factory is at full speed mass producing the watches." -- I'd be delighted with an update like that about the CST-01 (provided it was true of course!). Backers are not active on this project as compared to other project on KickSucker. See this <url>"technology" projects. I have yet to have one be delivered on time or work as promised. I’m sure the issue is they ran out of cash. They had great updates at first then everything started to fall apart once the cash dried up. If I was a betting man I would say the last update they released with the Flextronics video might have be some VC money that might have been on the table at that time. Please can we have an update? I must the watch is looking dated now. Not sure it is going to be a commercial success. I think that window was lost a year ago Richard, this watch was advertised as the worlds thinnest watch. When they launced the kickstarter they had working prototypes with the promised dimensions. Only 6 months after the initial delivery deadline they indicated they had a problem with these dimensions. I think it is far from certain to claim we would have had our watches already if everyone had voted for the thicker bands. More stuff is going on. How hard can it be to type an update on kickstarter and update the website? I got had by this watch and the embrace...never again...do I have any options for recourse? I'd like to point out that the vast majority of backers voted to wait for a thinner watch instead of accepting the slightly thicker one they offered us months ago. I personally voted for faster delivery instead of the "in tolerance" bands but hey, we made this decision as a group. Let's wait it out as a group My god so tired of waiting...my friends at work laugh at me everyday Over 1 year and 1 month after the time to deliver. Sept 2013 has long gone. The concept was interesting almost 2 years ago. Now, the Apple watch is not far away. I'll never support a similar thing on Facebook again. I got burned on the Embrace+ too. It's highly unlikely to be a deliberate scam – thinking they've faked all the prototypes and images of testing and all the rest of it is in the realm of the fruitcake conspiracy theorist. But we have to assume that no news is bad news, as if they had anything beyond "we are still having problems with the bands, and those problems have yet to be resolved" then they would say something. I guess what I'm saying is that polarising things to scam / no scam isn't helpful – it doesn't have to be a scam for them to eventually run out of money for salaries etc. as this drags on and on :( And yes, the lack of information gets to me too. The occasional update saying "nothing's changed" may feel humiliating for them, but at least we'd be kept informed. Kit S. Talk to you in 10 weeks then. Its not that much compared to how much time has passed already. As usual hope dies last. I'm still hanging in there too, even if I know its getting less and less probable. Updates, even bad ones are always better than nothing and leaving everything to the imagination. What is scarier? The plan you are sitting in has to fly to another airport for "technical reasons". or The plan has to fly to another airport because the windshield has a crack. Most people like to be informed properly, no matter what and thats why they get angry. Not the other way around. Nobody here ever complained after an update. Its always only after a lack of updates. The people that are leaving all of these negative comments might be the reason why there are not so many updates. I would not want to comply with a bunch angry people yelling at me that this is a scam and how disappointed they are with the project so far. If it were a scam, I would congratulate Central Standard Timing for wasting their time and effort for all of the updates they have given us, even though there may seem to be few. I am sure they are not happy about the delays in their manufacturing process as well. I collect unique watches, and although I also want updates and wish that this project would have been released at the set date, I still think the wait is worth it. This is KICKSTARTER, people. You are helping a product become a reality, through all of the problems that might arise within the time for the product to be created. Everyone here still gets the watch earlier and cheaper than the full release of the watch. Let me ask you this, if the watch were to be announced in development at the same point in time as the start of this Kickstarter, and if the watch were to suddenly show up in stores at the same point as it would when all of this is finished instead of the Kickstarter being set up, would you complain then, saying that it took too long and is now irrelevant? Personally, I think this project will pay off in the end. This all being said, I would hope that this watch be shipped by the end of the year, and if not, maybe then I will resort to similar thoughts as others in the comments section. There is no watch! You have been scamed. Move on, live and learn. Want to feel better about our delays (and yet still worse about KS)? Check out www.kickscammed.com Just email these guys and the attny general for there state, maybe theyll post then <url>#page_4 silence is golden. CST got the gold, we get the silence I should've watched this video before I backed this project... sigh... <url>"yes, of course they can!", but hey, it's worth a shot. There is a major flaw in the KS process. They provide a surface for people to freely run away with somebody else's money. On top of that they make a profit on it. I think it is only fair to say that KS should only get the commission once a project has been delivered to its backers not when it has reached it's funding goal. CST Guys what is happening? My patience is now thinner than your watch can ever be. I now wish I had donated this money to charity instead. @Bryan, the class action should be against Kickstarter to get them to start taking some responsibility for the projects they showcase and broker. I am pretty sure they can be classified as a collective investment scheme. Go here and contact them and tell them your willing to fight <url>#page_4 Dear CST-Team, you should definetly post an update. No matter what you have to tell, another delay or positive news - talk to us! Stop being silent, this is more than disrespectful and i question your focus on this project. Are you allready working on another iteration of the watch? Other projects that keep you busy? It feels like this project is not your main focus at the moment, i disregard your previous statements that you are working full time on this, because i just don´t KNOW what you are doing at the moment (or should i say the last months). A few months ago I would have sworn that this watch will deliver. Now I have a rather different opinion. I don't have confidence in the project creators anymore due to their lack of communication and long long delays. There is no way that they don't have time to give their backers a quick update once in a while. I just DO NOT BELIEVE that! Make the effort! At the end of the day you had a over a year doing what you wanted because of us. Respect that and stop hiding. Don't fancy doing the updates, you prefer doing other stuff? Well Sh_t. You got over 1M. Get it done. Seriously guys I don't want to start creating online surveys about your project then post the results all over the internet. Trust me the longer you wait/hide/ignore us the more chance there is that one of us will make it their missing to open your eyes and respect your backers. Don't be a__holes give us some info. Wooow this is wonderful I love wasting time and money. apt... The Pocket God™ Update Song <url>"reasons" (read: excuses) for this in the past: 1. They are busy"getting the product ready for shipping", or have been travelling or in meetings/tolerance tests/conference calls/factory tours and have had no time to update 2. They feel that more frequent updates without tangible results are not worthwhile for anyone. Both of these excuses are complete bullshit. If you receive over $1M from some really generous and EXTREMELY patient people, you can find time at least once a week to sit down and write a short update on the progress that has been made. Furthermore, if you two have been working so hard on this product, shouldn't every small step in the direction of product launch be considered a victory worth touting to your backers? The bottom line for Dave & Jerry is that all of us cared enough about this product enough to give you money to complete it in your vision, but your constant inattention to your backers, total lack of time management skills, and infuriatingly flippant attitude towards it all will continue to ruin you and your company's reputation. Around the one year mark I assumed I would never see my watch delivered, and nothing you guys have said or done in the time since has done anything but make me (and most other backers it seems...) dislike you and your company even more. Their web site is still taking preorders ... I especially like the warning : "Based on our most recent estimates, new pre-orders should be fulfilled in early summer, 2014" What a joke. Still waiting for an update this week. CST-01: The World's Thinnest Excuses CST-01: The World's Finest Bait and Switch CST-01: Find Waldo [or Vondle] Edition CST-01: The World's Thinnest Watch, You'll Hardly Know It's There CST-01: It's Five O'Clock Somewhere CST-01: Do You Have The Time? No. No, I Don't CST-02: Time Traveler [teleport 10 yrs into the future to grab your nearly ready CST-01] CST-01: The World's Thinnest Wa...llet, [screw it, we're making wallets now] CST-01: The World's Most Elusive Refund One 100 character tweet a week would probably appease half these backers. Radio silence is the worst thing you could do. Hell setup buffer and have it auto rotate through "no update today", "we are so sorry", "it's another Chinese holiday", "hola, we are in Mexico buying 11 million pesos", whatever. Just communicate. It's basic. Best CST joke......GO It looks this is more worst project than HOT watches. I am loosing my $ on these two projects and now I stopped backing on Kickstarter projects. I know it is not make big difference for Kickstarter. They will find more people's $ to scam. I wish I can get this watch soon. honest... I ran out of gas, I had a flat tire... i didn't have money for cab fare.... My tux didn't come back from the cleaners...an old friend came in from out of town....someone stole my car.....there was an earthquake....a terrible flood.... Locusts...it wasn't my fault I swear to God!!!!!!! - jake blues Maybe they get a kick (pun?) out of our comments and the longer they wait the more comments there are and the more interesting they become too. i respectfully, and considerately, as per the request in making comments, would like to know why your version of "getting better at updates", is so different from mine? 8 days back i kindly reminded you of your promise to us about this. still no update on whether the band issue finally got resolved within the few days. i'm guessing not, as you probably,maybe,might have updated that news, to give us something. So..........where EXACTLY, do we stand ? Is it going to be 2014 delivery or not ? Just give us, the hardworking folk who backed you so long ago, the truth on delivery. PLEASE. thank you. So I'm at my hotel in Shenzhen, China and the manufacturing hub is in full swing - the holiday is over and people are back to working their asses off. Where. The. Fuck. Is. Vondle? I also want a refund, but is there any way to have a refund knowing that Kickstarter don't assume responsibility for any projects (No security..) and Cst are not responding... I don't even know to who I have to ask for a refond, and I fear I will just speak to a "wall" if I do.. I got a coin and they are in the same boat now this other card is coming out called plastic and it seems to blow coin out of the water and I am not getting a coin until next spring. It really opens your eyes and makes you wonder how much never makes it to market because how difficult it is nowadays. Hey creators, how about an official update, china is back from holiday, your logging in and have to be checking these comments, atleast show us the respect in responding to our questions. Can I change my address again? A lot has happened in 1.5 years. :-) Any update??? Ian check update #18 from February. It has instructions for changing your address Hi, back in January we had a Survey - How do I get my address changed?? With such a delay I now need it delivered to a new address Oh wait, I meant the sequel to 28 WEEKS later. The sequel to 28 Days Later---28 Months later: CST-01 I just want a refund, I have no interest in this project anymore, it's now over a year overdue and am tried of hearing excuse after excuse to why it's been delayed. I can't understand why it's taken you a year and a half to just create the metal band which should have been one of the first things you completed! Also the lack of communication is just shocking, you have shown no respect to us backers. Yea I enjoyed the updates myself. While I don't feel as strongly as some do about getting a refund, or doing something legal. I did enjoy the updates in lieu. I agree updates are scarce and the watching being delayed is fact. I am still willing to hold out. The way I figure it the watch is in the bank. I will just collect it when it's ready. That's what i mean.... @cst "We know that we need to provide you a better "heartbeat" to make sure we're still working, so we will do better at providing this moving forward." As you are obviously not willing to provide something as simple that, I am not sure I should trust you at all. I pledge for an adventure, not only for a product. You are not delivering on both as I have no idea about what is going on and I don't get my reward. If you do not provide some sort of update or a comment this week, I will ask for a refund. @Dennis Nonsense... This project is dead... It's only waste my time and money. So tired of waiting.... I spoke with my cousin, who works for a metals manufacturer, He said the nitinol alloy is a very good choice and has some advantages over stainless steel while costing about the same. He said the only problem with Chinese made nitinol is the quality control. Batches can have a much higher variance than US made nitinol. So I guess the hold up is China's fault Anybody else notice they have sent out the same email twice blaming flextronics this time- its never THEIR fault always somebody else- I still ask the same question- if they are getting 200 bands a day from Flextronics why are they not shipping 200 watches a day? I still have the legal gun loaded and have filed a formal complaint with the a AG of Illinois. I will only believe in this when I get a working watch- anyone want to start a pool as to what year that might be? Just got this mail, they're blaming Flextronics! Hi, You can also check our Kickstarter updates page for the most recent info here: <url>| Founder I can hear and understand anything about delay and production problems. But I need to hear it ! This silence pisses me off. I bought a Moto 360 because of the absurd delay in this project. I want a refund or a class action lawsuit will be filled. You guys had a delivery date over a year ago. They maybe running short on funds. Think about this: The CST team quit their regular jobs to work on this "full time" in April of 2013 (I sure they didn't take a pay cut, probably gave themselves raises) Rent and furnish office space purchased all components for watches (possible stainless steel bands that are not being used) Storage for componets and assembles parts Tooling and printing and other expenses like travel, partnership fees with Flextronics, certification fees, ect... These expense can really add up for a year and half. The last update with a budget graph was #13 in September of 2013, it showed that almost half the funds were already spent. I am so sick of waiting for my watches...and only hearing excuses!! We all should have voted to get our watches out NOW!! Who cares that it might be a little thicker than they originally thought??!?!?!? I WANT MY WATCHES!!! Their lack of updates really pisses me off when I work extremely hard for my money. They need to get to work IMMEDIATELY after the Chinese Holiday ends and insure us that we will have watches in 2014. I can't believe that over a million dollars was pledged and they can not pull together enough sources to make this happen. Very frustrated supporter here! I must admit that I find it difficult to swallow that we won't have these on our wrists for Christmas 2014. It also worries me that they have so little resource available to them that they can't change the "new pre-orders should be fulfilled in early summer, 2014" on their web page to reflect reality. That looks bad in a very public way – so you'd think they'd care enough to make that tiny tweak. They appear to be totally out of their depth :-( This user's account has been deleted. Sometime after the Norwegian sun festival I think. The plastic manufacturers are worshipping the light-god this month, so they're taking a much needed break. So? Nearly a month since the last update promising better updates, and a year since delivery was initially estimated. What progress has been made, and more importantly, when can we expect our watches? These guys are posting Youtube videos (2nd September 2014) talking about how they created and shipped the worlds thinnest watches... past tense! What watches are they talking about and where have they shipped them to? <url>"Thieves Thieves Thieves...Lets go away with your money, let you hope of a futur shipment, oh problem with chinese's holiday, would be a great source of delay! Thieves Thieves Thieves..." o.k. guys,it's been 3 weeks since the last update where you were going to do "better" at it, and that update said that within a day or two,the band issue would be sorted. was it? are we into actual production yet? keep in mind you were going to update us frequently, and we are expecting news now of the outcome awaiting the last update. are we good to go yet ? what is the expected time for shipment? will this be here by xmas, or are we realistically looking at 2015 sometime. thank you for a fast response as per your last update promise made. S. the Chinese holidays matter because they have been a theme and excuse for delays @js The flextronics statement seems like a CYA email. They simply covered themselves and that was it. As to how much they are doing. I mean I seen the pictures of them in their flextronics lab coat and putting stuff together. So they are working on it. And they are doing so much more then that. And I wouldn't be surprised if they are not in dealing where they get some profit sharing for their help upfront. Or just an out right loan. But I am sure they are working on it and it will ship when it can ship. And who cares about Chinese holidays! Christmas is coming and it could still make it before then! Lol here I go again making predictions. Well not so much a prediction but a high hope maybe? Where is my damn watch , damn it ! They log in and say nothing! Class acts! I just reread all the updates. It sure is a good thing that the CST team went "full time" working on this project sometime in early April 2013. If they were only doing this part time it may be decades before the watch is finished. Flextronix and the CST: When CST went silent for a few months I had contacted Felxtronics to get some information about the lack of updates. For some reason I had the impression that Flextronics' startup section took CST under its wings and thus CST would have had some professionals take over many aspects of the CST. Sorry! From Flextronics' response it looks like I was wrong. Per the foot note of the very nice email I can't share the email with you. But the gist was that Flextronics is a supply chain and manufacturer and CST is just one of the normal customers using their services. So I was way off when I thought that Flextronics is playing a bigger role than just supplier in the project. They also suggested to contact CST directly. There is one more official holiday in China (October 1-7) so that will be the excuse for current delay, after that they will have to make something else the problem. China doesn't have any other holidays until January. If they had not changed to design to use titanium band instead of stainless steel we may have gotten the watches by now. I'm still looking forward to the watch it is still a cool idea but it would have been better 6 months ago. Bryan VanAlmkerk something tells me that even if no changes were made to original specs this project would still be severely delayed. Whole thing reeks of mismanagement. They should have never tried to do a damn difference in tolerance. Just give us what was promised. Bow we are waiting because of tolerance issues, its crazy. I hate whoever voted for the change. They should have never tried to do a damn difference in tolerance. Just give us what was promised. Bow we are waiting because of tolerance issues, its crazy. I hate whoever voted for the change. "We have checked these here in Chicago and will compare notes with the manufacturer in the next day or so when the factory returns to work after observing a lunar holiday. At that point, we’ll give clearance to get the production lines going for these parts." That was three weeks ago. Have we gotten production going yet? If not, what came up and caused the delay? I would like a refund please. Unless you got extra funding from else where it is unlikely you still have our funds for production. And they are still taking pre-orders with estimated delivery 'early summer 2014'. Any news? CST-01, The World's Thinnest Watch* *Now made of 100% Vaporware Here we go again....!!! Here we go again....!!! <url>"spamming" please refrain on the comment section of the product you don't want lol. Those of us who still want the watch are here rightfully. Those who no longer want the watch should start a anti CST kickstarter. Then the comments there would no longer be spam it would actually apply to the project. It would be like you walking into a church as an atheist and asking the people in here to please stop praying because you don't get the whole God thing. And in fact you want want a refund because you never got your soul. Lol Now with all that said Fred I would never tell you not to come on here and not voice your frustrations but be aware of your audience. Your bashing a product in the comments section full of backers of the same product your bashing lol I mean?? It don't get much better then that. I just read your post and had to brew some coffee on this comment to wake you up. Because while I wouldn't say you were ever spamming. Using your reasoning and looking at it objectivity I couldn't resist pointing out the obvious. Spam on!!! To Bill Perry, I did email all the media listed on the CST home page who promoted the project when it launch - its been about 2.5 weeks since I did that and so far total silence from the editorial side. I too wonder is NASA will get their space station module in orbit before we get watches. BTW the new Kickstarter terms note that backers have the right to legal action, which as always been the case but is now in print. The last 2 "updates"from CST seem more like stalling tactics than anything else.We styill don't know when or even if we will get anything. To those who wish to wait for these people to keep their commitment- please go ahead and do so, but also refrain from spamming those who have had enough from the creators and don't want to trust them anymore. We have the right to do so, as do you if you have the patience of Tibetan monk. Hahaha! I retired from feather ruffling. That said, a CST pre-orderer who cannot comment here sent me this via email: "Thought I would share this: apparently NASA and Boeing are constructing a new space capsule due to fly to the Space Station in 2017.it will be called CST-100 (true).Question is, will we get the CST-01 before the CST 100 launches? Hmmmmmmm." I thought that was pretty funny : ) How can I initiate the process of getting a refund? I called who? What? lol...... And I have never once complained on here either??? I wrote group think and mob mentality. How you extrapolate all that extra stuff I have no idea. Talking newspeak lol. My wife does the same stuff too. I am bummed if anything if people are not talking on here. Just by looking at all my comments anyone could see that lol. Sean where you at fool! Ruffle some feathers or something...... Jeffv First you criticize us for doing something about the lack of updates then you call us a mob for being more quite because we are happy about updates. Are you ever happy with your fellow humans or always just complaining? Group think! Mob mentality! I think It is amazing how we went from around 10 comments a day to 5 in 5 days and it is all just because CST-01 decided to keep us more in the loop. so cool: <url>"Just wanted to say thank you to the CST team for continuing to work on in the face of some of the comments and threats here" As a reminder they got $1,026,292 to produce the watches we pledged for : I do hope that it is the main reason why they are "continuing to work" :) Just wanted to say thank you to the CST team for continuing to work on in the face of some of the comments and threats here. Other products and projects have no bearing on whether I still want or believe you can produce the 01 and I appreciate your recent updates. Manufacturing, especially to such fine tolerance, is always tricky--moreso with the quantity to be produced here, the desire of backers to be the world's thinnest, and working with overseas factories. Please continue to power through and ship as soon as possible. :) Bryan: Some of us don't mind the delays, and want a perfect watch. As simple as that. I was so excited for this watch i really was. I was fine with the original tolerances etc. I dont know why anyone would vote for a slightly different size and delay us out even more. I looked forward to this due to its simplicity and what looked to be a ready to produce item(of course some delays occur, i back alot of projects). Im fastly learning that maybe kickstarter is not that great of an idea anymore. Atleast 8 projects ive backed are late, arrived useless and or not what they were advertised as. I really hope cst can just get these out. Im Look me up on Facebook lol I never had one and never will!!!!!! Lol Come on. Give Brett a break. He likes titanium. Also, I just looked you up on Facebook. And LOL. @BrettJensen, I know you are upset about the Eskimo Bob series reboot failing...but hey, maybe you got your cool adventure game and medieval RPG? Child. Stay off this thread. I can guarantee no one cares about anything you're saying. @Simon Feldmeier - They may well *say* 200 watches - 400 watches a day, but they also said this would be *shipping* a year ago, not manufactured - *shipped*. Let's not forget, this watch hasn't even entered production yet, they are still working on the design of the thing. I'd be extremely surprised if we see the watch shipped this side of Christmas. Nice update. Hope it will be soon in my mailbox. "Based on our most recent estimates, new pre-orders should be fulfilled in early summer, 2014" lol sry for the doublepost but i saw it is 200watches a DAY as start and later 400 a day, not a week @Bill Perry Show me the evidence that CST won't or can't fulfill their responsibility to deliever the reward. There is no time limit given by Kickstarter and the delievery date were also only estimated. So if it comes to that good luck with that. And as long as you have to wait for a respond (which maybe comes in a few months when CST can catch up with the Mails some Backers send them) I enjoy my CST-01 which I understand that they now finally able to get the right bands. And with a Production of 400 watches a week as start it should take to long (i hope < 2months) Greets I've emailed CST (<email>) again asking for a refund and referred them to this info on Kickstarter that they had to agree to before posting their project: <url>#Acco). Has anyone contacted any of these press companies (<url>"official" holidays in China, until Luna New Year next year, we "should" receive the CST-01 by this year's holiday season, of cause only if everything goes well,and i do hope that everything goes well. not every one is into smart watches, otherwise i would had bought the pebble long ago, instead CST-01 is a fashion statement, hopefully that statement still applies when it arrives, i still believe people will get blow away when they see CST-01 in live. (not gonna be blow miles away, but a couple of feet away is still nice) Didn't see them at TechCrunch today. Looking forward to my CST-1 but I wonder which will ship first CST-1 or Apple Watch The Apple Watch is nice but is for a totally different consumer than the CST-1 @bandar send me you CST it would look way better on my wrist then your shelf I promise. I will even send pictures lol! @ sean what is this dude @brett talking about I got more posts lol. I pity the fool who don't count every comment lol. Busybody is like a word for older people I have never heard anyone use it but like in movies lol. bus·y·bod·y (bz-bd) n. pl. bus·y·bod·ies A person who meddles or pries into the affairs of others. I had to look it up lol it is not even applied correctly if @sean is a backer then it is of his affairs as well. I hope you could add more to the discussion then negative remarks. God knows I am skipping off into the sunset there is not way to upset me lol! Apple watch to my hand CST-01 to my shelf Apple watch out early next year. Bet I get that first! Welp, I need an Apple watch immediately... And now this will sit on my shelf. It is funny to see that the delay has through almost all the Chinese festivals in 2014. C`mon guys, you can make it before the last one. @Brett Jensen. Dude. The fact that you invested in 'Eskimo Bob' on Kickstarter, a children's cartoon that made a whopping $76 of an $8k goal, tells me you'll throw your cash at whatever project strikes your fancy without concern for return on your investment. I hope your 8 years old. That would be the only way your backer history isn't pathetic. You also like to complain of harassment, but then post 2 comments in 2 days calling people names and telling people to GTFO. You're a whiner who took the time to count the words I've posted on a KS thread. Desperate. You should count Big Jeffs words lol @Sean Conte Dude. You've written 76 comments and 2,776 words about this project. Take a deep breath. You are an excitable, bi-polar busybody. Find ANYTHING else to do for five minutes of your life. lol, some people mention legal action and suddenly 2 updates in the space of days. Of course, looking at these updates, the watch STILL hasn't even entered production, so I wish you all the best of luck actually getting your watches this year. I've bought a number of superior watches during the long delay so will probably put mine on ebay when it arrives ...it's all coming together, literally. Happy dayzzzzz :) WOO. Keep these updates coming fellas! Great work and congrats They are measuring in thousands of a millimeter. That's some precise numbers there! The difference between their small and thick bands are of hundredth of an millimeter. This is why it takes so long going from an idea to bands measured to the thousands of a millimeter and the machinery to build them. The partners the facilities the global reach into different partners making materials I mean this is a very complex project. I marvel at how far we all have come and how much CST accomplished. And we all have ourselves to thank for helping bring this idea to the market. We are the X factor in all this. I bet the creators would be hard pressed to point out any other single aspect of the project that has been more influential. Think about this without the funded project do they even peruse the idea further? Are they able to get to market as fast? With the overwhelming support they must have been motivated to really make this happen. It's not everyday you get a million dollars for an idea and the support of thousands of real people to make it and help you across the finish line. Every backer should be proud of being apart of this process and all of those who aren't I hope you come around eventually. It is not unlike watching your kid grow up, watching this project. Skipping off into the subset now lol! Great job guys! Holy smokes two updates within days of each other! I am getting warm and fuzzy inside now..... The sunset is so pretty....... I suddenly feel like skipping ....... @sean Chill dude lol This latest update came mere hours after I found myself thinking: "hey I wonder what's going on with the CST". For the most part I wait patiently and keep hoping to see that ever elusive update on when we'll get the watch. This doesn't mean that I have given up on CST, doesn't mean that I love the product any less, and certainly doesn't mean that I'm angry with them. I've backed enough KS projects now to know enough to wait and be pleasantly surprised when someone's dedication and hard work has paid off. Keep it up guys, can't wait to see the final product! I haven't seen much harassment outside of comments like Brett's own, advising people to "GTFOver it." I think Brett and BigJeff should skip off into the sunset together, chill-dude attitudes and everything lol. Really, most people have been pretty reasonable. It's totally fair to request an update. It's also fair to question why a watch already 1 year overdue is still having fundamental design problems with the band of all things...what some would say should be the first thing to get dialed in. Friends... the majority of us spent $129 a year and a half ago on a novelty item. This will not extend your life or make it better. It's fun, and I also (obviously) want it, but it's not all that big a deal. Please consider the amount of hours you've spent harassing other people, and replying to that harassment with more harassment over $129 and a novelty watch. If you have spent more than a few hours worrying about this in the past 18 months, you've already doubled your loss. GTFOver it. Please. For yourselves. I'l second Patrick's comment – regular comments / updates may stir up questions, but it keeps the vast majority (who aren't firing questions at you) in the loop and informed enough to know things are still progressing no matter how slowly. You're talking to the people who aren't prodding you as well as the ones who are, and there are far, far more of them. Sticking your fingers in your ears and not responding to anything no matter how upset people get just makes things worse for all of us -- not good -- _never_ good. So to surmise this latest update: "We noticed you weren't happy because we haven't said anything for months, so here's some words" "We still haven't even began production" "You're still not getting your watch" "We could give you a shipping date you'll like or we could give you a date to account for unforeseen delays, so what we're going to do to is not give you any date at all." To the CST team: Thank you for the update. From experience I completely understand that apparently simple things can be much more complicated than they first appear. However, there's no excuse for not communicating. The 2 + month communication blackout was the first time I've really questioned whether you'll deliver or not (OK, the second - I also worried when you changed the band material VERY late in the game). A periodic 1 sentence communication saying "OK people we're still here but still working through X" may raise questions, but will at least let everyone know you're still working on things. New product development is a ****. @J S it was not against you ;) You were one of the key players here who helped actively to get the latest update #25. Of course I have to say thank you as well to this action you have taken. Nevertheless I never doubt that CST will deliver the watches and I always believed on this project... for me simply no update was needed. @J S Ha ha... how pathetic... Well... it can't be avoided to read all this negative s*** every day since I am backer and I am looking forward to see the watch on my hand. And you and all other negative persons should do the same ;) Do these people bickering back and forth really expect the other person to read their 130line paragraph? Keep your flaming and trolling concise :) And I don't want to read whining about whining. Probably shouldn't read then instead of typing even more of it? And I don't want to read anymore such pathetic and negative whining from some guys here !!! It is more than boring in the meanwhile... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. While quite amusing to read through the comments, could I ask some of you to refrain from posting comments that are not really relevant to the progress of the watch? This is not really the best place to share your dreams, favorites, or rhetorical questions. And I'd rather see clear, sensible requests, or supportive comments. Back to update #25. Thanks the creators to finally give us something, no matter it's because of our recent demands evidenced by comments/emails/messages/calls, or they decided they have "enough" content to announce. However, I have to say I'm not totally satisfied with what they said. One being having 3 rounds of samples... could you show us what's wrong? Why didn't you let us know they are not up to your standard when you received them? A simple photo would have been sufficient. There is also no mentioning of once the bands are a "go" you are ready to assemble and ship or not. You could do better by saying something like, "if the bands are good, it'll take us 3 weeks to do the rest" -- this would give us a sense of time and prove that you've done something besides waiting for band samples. Now the update also mentioned a booth being at TechCrunch. May I ask if anyone could attend, talk to the creators in person to express our concern and support, and possibly take a few photos of the demo units? And last but not least, the creators stated the knew they need to provide a better "heartbeat", so please keep your word and do so. Once again, all the best to the final stages of fulfilling the reward. I am not a big fan of Carl I like of course Darrel But my favorite is the hat with the hip holster and the S&W Cadillac hunter. I didn't like farmer Rick I think it was weak and I didn't like it. I am ready for him to come back when the final episode aired and Rick said they don't know who they are messing with I was super stoked! Another major story line if you seen the sneak peek video is what happened to Beth. Someone pulled off just when Darrel was about to get some and now she's in some crazy complex? I am very interested in that part of the story. I was not crazy with them jumping around and telling different stories after the jail but if the next season has the Beth story and the New Rick I would totally dig that. Jeff, you are an engineer? Then you are able to enter a jungle with a pocket knife and leave it with a train. Good enough for me. PS: I hope they get Carl this season. So, two days ago i sent an e mail to cst begging them to please let us know one way or the other, are we getting our watches,or should we just think its not going to happen because of cost over runs or whatever. I told them tons of us are waiting for an update as we are so far behind, with this many,can you please just let us know whats going on just now?. Thats the best reply yet, and i feel much better about the delays, and think those of you who were talking about class. Action lawsuits or whatever, hopefully will not need to consider it anymore. Thank you cst for giving us a good update at last. Looking forward to the cool watch to add to my collection. Regards, steve c. only time will tell, a late update is better than no update, at lease the 3months unspoken wife is finally telling you the babe is still coming (10+ months pass due) @shayne you have 3 comments on this project and 2/3 are directed towards me in a negative way using the same attack both times. So it would seem you may need to find something a little more productive to do. I am on here commenting on many different things talking to many different people. All the while staying positive. My grandmom used to tell me if you don't have nothing nice to say don't say anything. I believe I have held true to that. I would encourage you to heed your own advice and in a positive way. Maybe mind the blue text next to the " Post Comment" button as well. There is a reason that is there. @ Shayne I love you to bro! lol come one man there is no need for personal attacks! I am far from a know it all. I am a network engineer and guess what my lead engineer knows more then me!!! lol if i knew it all my title would be Lead Engineer! I wish I did know it all I would be like way richer then I am now. And trust me I have a ton of work to do dude I am just off and not on call this weekend so I am relaxing. @Big Jeffv: You need go find something productive to do. You are a "know it all" that is trying to offer your useless wisdom to people who don't care. @Fred You wrote: "Be very careful who you spam and what you say"... Such threats mean... you are disqualified and you’ve lost already all sympathy here. All your expendable and repeating comments are more than boring in the meanwhile. Thousands of backers still believe in this project even without regular updates. Small pieces of inofficial Information on Twitter, Youtube etc. was sufficient for most of us to trust CST. Being lead along lol the Walking dead don't start for another month dude! This is not good news, you are being led along by a large company that has no interest in your product other than making money, I've been though this and ended up after 5 years doing my one thing to get onto the market. the only person with your interest at heart is their salesman. I was just looking at the updates because I remember them but I only looked at them as I got them and never as a whole. And if your on a computer go to pages 2 and 3 and you will see not only the actual watches and the videos of them in action. But on page 2 you see the certificate for them. Like its so legit it not even questionable. I mean wow how did people fall so far from the tree. On one end you have all these legit updates showing pictures videos and pages of them at that. Showing the progress like there are details over and over again. Then on the other you have a pushed back ship date and 2 month update laps and people are ready to sue? Makes me think of when I read something somewhere once. It was something like if you took people away from everything and put them in the middle of nowhere for two weeks they would lose their mind. Or something like that. It would only take like two weeks without police or a government before anarchy would break out. I know I chopped it up but it was something along those lines. @Dennis lol That last update was my first on my computer by the way. I was trying to get a better look at the pictures and I only ever look at kickstarter on my iphone. It seems the website is configured much more cleanly...... go figure right? And you can kind of see everything when you typing the amount of backers and the money they got well the money they got before kickstarter got their piece of the pie. Anyone know what that percentage would be by the way??? I would be interested in knowing what they likely ended up with at the end of the day. To late CST! I want my money back! HOLY SMOKES! Fred dude you are really wound tight man....... whew man I understand that your an investor. But it is not like you gave your retirement to Madoff? I mean it was 99 to like 130 bucks??? Look I can tell your upset but Seth I believe was just making a joke. Even if he was serious do you really think your going to get the watch last? I mean there is nothing I have seen to support the idea they are shipping the watches biased on anything other then the order in which they received our pledges. Now that was like the serious legal way of saying it lol. The chill out way of saying it " that's just the dude I am " is above that lol. But you may benefit from a walk in the park maybe a beer or another alcoholic beverage of you liking. But should just relax man. There is no need to get upset about this man. I am sure there is more important things in your life going on then this watch now. I mean its Friday you have a entire weekend in front of you. I hope you find some chill spot somewhere and can relax and let this stuff go man it is not worth the anger the frustration. Save it for the more important things in life. Seth, exactly what gives you the right to spam those of us who after 12 weeks of no updates used the only avenue open to us to get their attention- threaten them with legal action. Who the hell to do you think you are? Their contract with the backers specifically states that watches will be shipped in the order that pledges were received. Any attempt by them or you to alter this would be a VERY unwise move. Moreover I point out that teh flurry of threats and other pressure finally generated an update- albeit not much of one- just another pile of excuses as to why they can't finish the project. At least this time they had the sense NOT to promise a delivery date they would have missed ( that would be be number 6 by my count) and just went with "soon"which is totally meaningless and akin to "whenever". I will not back off any actions already takwen, papework filed or legal counsel contacted until I have a product in my hands- and it actually is what was committed to and it works! If anyone does back off due to this BS update you are a fool. Keep the pressure up, keep pushing them to do what they committed to do. And I totally agree that KickStarter is equally at fault here for doing nothing to help.Do you really think we have this update at all if they had not been buried under a flood of very angry backers?If, and I emphasize if they live up their commitment to be more responsible then maybe I will cool off but I for one will not believe anything they say until I see a watch.The amount of untruths, disambigulation and stalling tactics employed by this gorup is astonishing. finally enough peoiple said- STOP and tell the truth, which they sort of did, but not the whole truth. Only enough to look like something. I think they have learned well from political spin doctors how to craft a lot of words that don't really say much. We shall see- a watch in the mailbox is THE ONLY proof they have to offer. Anything else is just smoke and mirrors.Be very careful who you spam and what you say- BTW I wish he same result for you- the end of the line I am sorry not everyone should feel anyway I don't want to tell people how to feel I seen the flames coming when I re read that lol. But I would hope that is how people would see it! How about that a little better? Where you @sean! You hopped on the wagon with me as well you didn't doubt the watches were coming either! How you feeling better? I mean they did provide a pretty solid update. And they didn't have anything in there either to show they were upset with those people on here threatening them. That takes a big man to do that. They are keeping it pretty professional. @seth lol thought that too but it will never be confirmed or denied I am sure! @js yea I agree I am sure that may have helped them to the keyboard but again it's just speciation. We will never know. But they did come through with not just a quip, a two sentence update, or a hello they can through with a very substantive update with pictures and explanations all very valid. A bit of a gap between updates true but that explanation was in there and I believe it. I don't doubt it for a second I fact that was my very same rational I was using on here. So while the update was not like intel with the tick and tock. It was of the same quality they have always given. And so everyone should feel the same they did at the beginning as they do now about the project. Call me a bit vindictive, but I admit that I would get a little joy in seeing anyone who had threatened a lawsuit to inexplicably get their watches pushed back to the final shipments. Jeff, do you think there would have been an update today without lots of us talking about lawyers, suing, and filing complaints? Sad that this was necessary. Now there's new hope and a promise for more frequent updates. Awesome!!! Thank you CST and everybody who helped. Worth the wait,thank you CST! Keep up the good work, we are in this for the long haul! Lol I'll believe it when I see it lol now I sound like a foreigner. I am pretty stoked they once again provided a very good update and are still making progress. As frustrated as you all were I am sure they were way more frustrated. Holy sh*t batman! We got an update! Lol no no no wait a second we are still suing right? No wait let's get a lawyer! lol Come one guys if everyone just stayed calm then we would all be fine. We will have watches in a few weeks! Yea there will be those who respond with " they said that before " and other that will say I will see it when I believe it. I was wrong in the ship date but I was right of their motives they were hoping to just update with a ship date. They provided more pictures a screen shot of the tracking and a very valid explanation. I am very happy with the update and still feel confident we will receive the watches as promised and as I said all along. A tear come to my eye when i saw that there was an update. Good news/bad news does not matter as long as there is news. Thanks for the update. finally. Wow there is an update I almost dropped my phone when the message popped up! It's good news at least. Good update. Hope we can all settle down now Good update. Hope we can all settle down now Is pre order seriously still active on their homepage? The front still looks fine but: I used 3 different browsers on my phone (galaxy s5) and it doesn't let me pay or submit anything at "checkout" Will try desktop PC later. will any update on 09.09.2014 - "wish we could say more"??? just imagine..... I think regardless of the two options (thinner or thicker bands), we would still have not had an update, nor the watches. I really do wish Kickstarter would at least intervene in some way...side on the side of the backers and give them some assistance. I am not suggesting they give us a refund or start demanding one from CST or whoever, but just help us get out voices heard over this painful silence they are putting us through. This was the fist project I backed, two other since, and this is the last to cross the line. I appreciate the technicalities of this product...but still... Throw us a bone or something. Well, their website is still accepting preorders. If they were giving up, I'd assume that's the first thing they'd stop, otherwise they'd be sued left and right for scamming people at a rate of $300 a pop. It at least gives me a little hope in light of the lack of updates. :D just Forget my previous message... I had reasons by mistake why I wrote it... anyway good luck with the action you have taken ;) lol, who would have guessed? ;) I am not from Flextronics Lab IX ;) I am just a backer who is waiting with patience for his watch ;) Same company. Trust me. Its late here but I'm not that tired. :-) Winnie Yu from Flextronics' LabIX (Startups / VC ) was one of the persons I contacted. OK... you were not completely wrong ;) Lab IX is part of Flextronics Twitter account is <url>"Portfolio" and there you can see listed CST Done. Sent one email each to design, consumer, startup and general info as these areas seem to touch what the CST is. Politely described the situation and asked for any information they might want to share. The more people email, the more they might be willing to tell us something. Here is the link again with the email addresses. <url>~6 weeks consecutively ever since the project started, so for most of the angry backers here have facts to say, but youu dont, you are completely overly optimistic; excessive. React before the worst Sigh Jeffv you are out by an order of magnitude. The thicker band would have been tenths of a millimetre thicker. @robb <url>" thicker by millimeters!?!? " We should have them already. And the base idea was a good one but we are talking about small differences it may just have been able to be squeezed in there or they just shave out the ones they already ordered. Cause they are not just throwing all them away that's money spent. And is backers would get all them anyway the new orders are going to get the perfect ones. @Jon, do you have a link? I don't see an update here, Facebook or on their website. Thanks. Looks like ther was an update on the 28th 1st five watches was completed will be shipping soon... @Big Jeffv I am willing to wait for this watch. I still think it will be great. You talk about the guys that paid thousands to get a prototype watch, but I have not seen any comments from one of these people. I would really like to hear from them. I just thought of another possible hold up for this project. What if the larger size of the band .95mm instead of .8mm will not fit the chargers. In earlier updates it seemed that the chargers were ready to build. If the change in thickness effects the chargers, then new molds need to made and tested. I mean I think just to say, "here is what has been taking so long, here's what we're working on now, and here's our most up to date delivery estimate" would be a good update...Been a couple months, you know? @robb I don't have the facts they are found in the update tab of this project. They have already made many of them. Hell if you paid a few grand at the beginning you already are walking around with one. So yea there are a few factoids lol. @sean Buddy! I hear you I don't disagree with anything you said. I am all for it I am just you know putting my two cents out there. Just as much as other people here are. I am just on the other end of the spectrum that's all. There is no difference between what I am saying and what others are we are just on different ends of the argument. That does not make my views any less valid? Does it? Look I don't discourage telling kickstarter and filing complaints. I don't even discourage all the people here upset. But when people want to sue and go that far it to me is just too far. Them not updating you guys are fully right they should update. My only thing I said was what update are you guys looking for other then a tracking number? Some people are looking for two sentences, quick quip, an hello, basic stuff and to me that's a waste of time. I don't care about anything other then my ship date and a tracking number now the project is done nothing else interesting to follow. Nothing else to do then to make them? Is there anyone who disagrees? Anyone here looking for another "hey we are making them" or "we are sourcing new bands" or whatever they have to say next? Look guys don't me mad at me I am not making the watch. And don't be mad at me for having a different view. Hell don't be mad! Life is so much better when your happy! I agree, just a little lifesign would be great. I just figure even one or two sentence updates, or comments would be nice. That would at least be communication. nicht mehr lange warten... 0.6mm thin body <url>"they'll get back to us when they get back to us." Failing to communicate on project status is not in accordance with KS terms of use, nor is it right on a matter of principle. And it's the matter of principle is that has people upset. No one is depending on this watch for their livelihood. It's not life or death. But we gave them money, a TON of it, and people have the impression it has been misused or burned away. It's hard not to speculate when no one is communicating. @Big Jeffv "We will get the watch." Do you have one fact to support that claim? If not, then please spare me your overlong posts that say nothing. I can post weekly updates is it makes people feel better lol! I am just saying what I have been saying for awhile now simmer down. We will get the watch. If hey run out of money do you think flextronics wouldn't carry them to the finish line? I mean flextronics is swimming in apple money they have enough to front them the money until they can bring the product to the market. And flextronics just gets their money back from the selling of watch. Maybe a little agreement signed between flextronics and CST on a little interest on their loan. I mean we can speculate all day. I am just not pessimistic so my speculation is positive and not negative. All you negative nellys lol just chill out. There is no need to get bent out of shape over a watch, 170 some bucks, or lack of updates. There is so much to life then a watch! There's an update with as much substance as any one they could give now. If they are updating with anything less then a ship date how much is the update worth. It's a year over due right? *****Update***** We are working on the watch. Will ship soon. My wife not talking to me is totally different then not getting a update from CST lol. I am not F****** the creator lol. And I never disputed the lack of updates or if it was a fact??? I said the next update should be a tracking number. I mean do you want a update that does not include a tracking number of your watch? I don't. I don't want him to come on here just to say he's working on the watch. Or it's almost done again. I just want the watch. If you want meaningless updates without the product I will make one that will have just as much meaning as one from the creator. @big jeff You can believe whatever you wish, facts are none updates since June, thats what upsetting the entire community here, there are no excuses for the lack of respond, simply if your wife stop talking to you for a few months even within your own house, a serious problem right there, and that is exactly what happened to CST with us, NDA bullshit aint nobody buy into that crap, all these excuses are speculate, the one fact and one fact only, NONE update of any kind in months, that killed the faith of most backers. so to whatever you want to believe, go ahead, but the lack of update is a fact, and things happen and are going to happen are all base on that fact, you simply just cant prove me wrong, and you cant prove anything you said is right, video/pictures/etc all can be fake until the product is shipped, everything can be fake, no update in months, that is real, so cut your S*** If you want to learn your future look into your past. Big Jeff, how do awesome past updates explain the current lack of communication? Do impressive past updates prevent CST from misfortune such as running out of money and being unable to complete their product? Most startups fold in due to lack of cash. Doesn't say that's what happened but also please don't try to hint that past updates indicate current or future performance. Obviously they don't if you just look at the current non existent communication. Non Disclosure Agreement? Sure. Must be a pretty tough one. Kind of national security level so secret that they couldn't even update us on the existence of that NDA :-) @ the below They were wrong? They said they would be done in a few weeks they were not? I don't understand how that is not easily figured out. Maybe they handle their company differently then "all the other industries". I know I run my house my way. I don't follow some kind of industry standard. Maybe they feel a little upset and do not feel like they can update without making things worse. Even if it didn't make it worse they may feel that way. Maybe they did sign a NDA and that is why we haven't heard anything. I mean we can speculate all day why they are doing what they are doing. And if it is industry standard. Or if it is right or wrong it. But I think to follow some of these people on here down the rat hole of suing, and destructive behavior is a waste of time. We have all seen these watches in videos and pictures. We have all seen flextronics and have it proved that they in fact were making them. We all also had the chance to get them now "thicker" or later "thinner" if making then thinner was easy we would have gotten them already. If everyone would have taken them thicker we would not even be here now we all would have had our new watches. I am not sharing anything that is not common knowledge. I know nothing more then the next man. I just know how people are since I have been around for awhile. I am not am expert in people or industry standards etc. I think I am just stating the obvious that seems to be not so obvious to some people. We seen the watches we know they are making them. They have not updated us for reasons only they know. What else is there to say? If they were afraid or upset and that's why they haven't updated then all the vinegar that is spewed is not making it easier for them to update. Some say well that's not right that's not industry standard man up do your job. Well they haven't yet? Time to say the same your self. Just deal with it. Maybe if there was more honey attracting them here to just drop an update then you would feel better. But they are being flamed now who wants to step into a flame session? Some would say well they have to deal with it. Well they are not?? Just everyone go back look at the older updates then post your comment in that light. Look at the videos then come on here and tell the rest of us mindless drones that we should sue cause we are being scammed. @Big Jeffv "Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale. We will keep you posted once we receive the schedule." - This last update was posted almost 3 months ago... Are you sure there's not much to be updated about? Did anyone else get the impression from the video that CST may have gotten VC funding? A NDA (nondisclosure agreement) could be a plausible explanation for the radio silence, I've seen it happen before. @Big Jeffv, I'm not sure how your reach the conclusion that there "is not much else to update about". Obviously there must be a good many things that need updating otherwise their product would have been delivered by now, and not be a year late. I'm not sure what your work experience may be, but from my experience this lack of communication on the part of CST is highly unprofessional and would never be tolerated in any industry with which I’m familiar. Just had a look & CST's last login to Kickstarter was on the 3rd September 2014. So they/someone from CST must still be around. It's a shame they can't take all of a few seconds to let all of their backers know what's going on or not going on etc. @tim I said the same thing! Like a rant or two ago of mine lol. I am totally chillin. The way I see it I will get it eventually. @wei dude how long have you been following the project? They posted very detailed updates that included pictures and videos? I mean we have also seen the damn watches in boxes and on other various forms. It's not like they are not making them. @all the other ranters You guys have to forget a lot of updates and details in order to get to this point. You guys really think we are scammed? .......really? I understand the need for regular updates but we are kind of at the point that there is not much else to update about. And quite honestly the only update we should receive next is a tracking number. I mean any update now would be meaningless and would only serve those on here looking for personal satisfaction. All this in the business world or if we were the CEO and other stuff means nothing??? This is what it is. We will get the watch when it's ready. It's not ready that's why we do not have it. It's that simple. I mean you guys think flextronics devoted man hours and lab space to a scam? Come one they would sue and get their money before any of is would. lol which is not going to happen!!! It's almost like the collective memory only goes back one update! Look if you are getting weary and want to sue or get upset just I back a few more updates maybe start from the beginning and refresh yourself. O yea and my prediction of shipping my Labor Day is now wrong time to panic!!!! @sean Thanks for the effort and information. @tim When a project is 1 year over due and no communication from the creator at all, people should have the right to vent and that's already very kind. My company oem/odm for one of the largest company in the world, and when a project is being delayed without detail explanation for so long, trust me, heads will roll. And as for some unsolicited advice, I would encourage folks to be very respectful. These numbers are publicly posted online or in CST press releases, so it didn't exactly take detective work to get them. Harassment is counterproductive though, so I hope if you do call you are respectful and polite. After my third straight day of trying in vain to call CST on every number I can find, I'm forced to conclude they're ignoring me(us). Not exactly confidence building. I would highly recommend others call and leave voicemails, for two reasons: 1) If more people call, they're more likely to feel the pressure and maybe even post an update (heaven forbid) 2) In the future, if enough folks do come together to try a CA suit or file coordinated complaints, this will demonstrate we took every action possible to contact the creators first. Ignoring/not keeping up with the comments on the KS thread is one thing. Not posting an update after numerous backers reach out to you by phone is entirely different. Please call people! (312) 574 - 0278 - Central Standard Timing (401) 935 - 0626 - David Vondle cell Phone @Tim All I want out of CST-01 [other than the watch] is a status update. Honey -vs- vinegar works both ways.... Let them respond? I don't think any of us are stopping them from responding. They're not responding to anything, on any channel. I log on here a every few days just to troll the hateful comment made by people who have a) no patience (this isn't a microwave dinner, its a design project with vast global partners and high levels of detail) b) no courtesy (these are people working hard to create a project you backed and said that you wanted thinner) and c) no real understanding of how the bringing a project to the market works (btw they have to make at a minimum 7,658 of these things as opposed the the original 1500 or so they expected to make). Be amiable and let them respond to something other than, "I want my money back." Am I the only person who has heard the saying you get more flies with honey than Vinegar? One of the guys in that video is wearing a really cool watch. Thx. Dr. Frank Wehner! Nice video they made. <url>"Pre-Orders" and telling people that they still expect the "PRE-ORDERS" to SHIP IN THE SUMMER OF 2014! I haven't read all of these comments on this page. Please forgive me if someone else (or many others) have stated the same thing. I was really looking forward to wearing this watch. Doesn't look like that will ever happen @Frederick Ampel Let us know if there are any updates. As for the project. I kickstarted this with the intention of giving it to my friend as a birthday present in Sept 2013. I thought he could receive it in 2014, apparently this is not happening. Good job to David Vondle for scamming 7658 backers out of a million dollars, we want a refund. Nick F. as soon as a company does not do as expected, people start reacting. Some will complain, some will wait and hope, most will do nothing and some will take legal actions. The very first thing you can expect as an investor is to get full, complete and up-to-date info. This is something the kickstarters can always do, no excuses. There are a bunch of (technical) risks related to a project like this. A complete lack of communication was not mentioned as a risk. As long as the founders are kept in the loop and know how things are going, these will reactions will not get this extreme. Johannes: If they are looking for investors in their company, they will have a hard time, because these investors will also be hold back by the knowledge the communication will stop some time in the future when the going gets tough. Frederick Ampel <url>"pfffft good luck with that!" Or "it's good to dream son" As for the CST watch, as said above I still look forward to one day strapping it on, I piss away the pledge amount on gin and tonic, wine, beer or take out. CST if your working at it, keep going just fill us in, As a construction manager for multimillion builds updates for all parties are a must regardless of perceived responces, outcomes and deliverables. What doesn't kill us makes us stronger and wiser, I'm sure you know this. Regards Jason. I would like a refund Consolidated List of People Wanting an CST-01 watch refund. --------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over time some people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Central Standard Timing Team. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are many comments. The Team has last official updated this project on Jun 18 2014. They have since logged into the project but not commented. 01. Antoine Gautier 02. Dennis Trautmann 03. wangsonglei @Tom Van Lomoen - I reached out on Friday with no luck. Left messages on every voicemail I could find for them. I figure they won't answer on the weekend so I'm waiting until Monday or Tuesday to try again... To wait a year is stupid ... And for me, I simply no longer interested, because of this poor communication with CST. For sure I will not sign up this stupid list... since I still believe that the project is not dead. Consolidated List of People Wanting an CST-01 watch refund. --------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over time some people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Central Standard Timing Team. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are many comments. The Team has last official updated this project on Jun 18 2014. They have since logged into the project but not commented. 01. Antoine Gautier 02. Dennis Trautmann Well.. First these Origami lamp by this Thaï thief >>Anurak Suchat<< (oh his pinterest here... <url>"Respectful and Considerate" when People like Anurak or the CST Team doesn't respect their bakers and fly away with the money... No security with Kickstarter against fraud... Well welcome nigerian fraud, have a seat! I will repeat the list we've started with this Thief Anurak Suchat : ------------------------------------------ Consolidated List of People Wanting an CST-01 watch refund. --------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over time some people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Central Standard Timing Team. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are many comments. The Team has last official updated this project on Jun 18 2014. They have since logged into the project but not commented. 01. Antoine Gautier I would like a refund. Have emailed repeatedly repeatedly, no reply. What a shameful situation. What would have happened if CST would get only $ 200,000??? I've bought another watch (no longer waiting), not the thinnest watch in the world, but it is a REAL watch! Want a refund! > We apologize for going a bit silent. CST team: the best apology for going silent is to be communicative. i had my trust and faith in CST like all other backers when this project was first created, it was a momentum back in CES 2013, in a few months, CES 2015 will arrive, a year in today tech world is like a decade, when the trend is now heading to smart watches, is CST-01 still worth its value like when it was announced? NO, absolutely not, it is NO longer a trend or a fashion statement (it was meant to be), even in fashion world, things shift in seasons, and it has been 4+ season long, you all get the point, no matter how supportive CST's backers are, faith will tremble with the lack of communication, and this is exactly where things are heading. i do not want to say the F*** word, but S*** isn't looking great, CST can't pull your S*** which you promised, don't F***ing put on a large hat when your head isn't going to fit, you guys are not doing art here, a painting can never be finish, but a watch can be done, if you stick with steel band, stick to the original plan, when you guys do change the plan, make sure there's plan B and plan C and so on, at lease the minimum you can do, which is very F****ing simple, post some S*** to let your supporter knows, you are still trying hard to pull your S*** together, even if you F***ing failed, be F***ing honest, you can't pull your S*** together, and why, it's only a USD$1M failed, no biggy, we all failed more than once in our life time, BUT, WE ARE F***ING HONEST AND ADMIT FAILURE !!! CST if you failed, F***ing let us know you failed hard, apologize, dig a S*** hole and hide, but don't be F***ing silence, i know you can read all the comments, don't pretend, F*** You I would love to get a refund too. Back on June 18th (the last official update), the CST Team stated "We will start shipping as soon as we can get these wrapped up, which we hope will be in a matter of weeks." Since then we got no more official updates, and just one comment post on August 5th. Now it is 2.5 months after that statement and we have no clue what is going on and when (or if) we will receive our watches. The communication level from the CST Team has become pathetic and there is no excuse for that. Technical difficulties and unforeseen delays we can understand but completely ignoring us and not communicating is entirely unforgivable. I've tried sending several direct messages and never got a single response. I've lost all faith in this project and given the chance, I would jump on a refund. Hi Sean, Any news? Thanks Sean. I appreciate your efforts. Hopefully an update will be coming soon. Hey everyone, just a quick update. I called David at both the (401)935-0626 number (cell phone, the result of a whois lookup for domain central standard timing/David Vondle) and the (312)574-0278 number (from CST press release, number supposedly for Dave but routes to a voicemail system for CST). I left polite messages at both numbers requesting an update and acknowledging that it does sound like things are moving re: the recent tweeting (I could not keep a straight face writing that sentence), but expressing displeasure with the lack of communication. I looked at my phone just a moment ago and had received a call back from the 401 number! That's a good sign. I'll attempt to reach out again and keep you all updated. Nearly september 2014 and the watches still have not been shipped. Total scam. Crownfunding is definitly dead to me. I just don't understand...if thing is still moving, why CST makes it so mysterious...is that an update so difficult? Here's that reply to me in all its glory, from @TechinatLABIX: Hi Mark, Hope all's today! Just wanted to say that I looked at the very first 5 watches today! Coming!! <url>"taking legal action", i.e. suing. Just wanted to make that distinction. Hopefully everyone knows that no one is talking about going to court lol. @Frederick, at the risk of sounding like a broken record in these comments and potentially being flamed by all the people claiming this is a scam or thinking it's time for legal action, I must point this out yet again. Not once did they ever promise a delivery date. The dates listed on the pledges, as well as the schedules posted since in updates, have always been estimates based on the info CST had on hand at the time. They're nothing more than educated guesses. Also I count an update about shipping as my prediction coming true as well lol! No one objects??? Hey looking at the picture on that twitter post it seems they took me up on my idea of just selling bands as well like special designs and stuff without a watch. I said I would buy a few myself that they would be cool. I know it's not a watch but thy just have a bunch of bands that do not meet spec and why waste them? Put some design on them and ship them out! Also Labor Day is this coming Monday which would end my prediction of when I was saying we would have some shipping already. So hopefully something happens soon lol or I am wrong! The twitter post seems like they are shipping soon so I have a few more days before I am wrong! I think a lot of folks are with you Frederick. I do think we should give them another chance to update us before going the legal route, but I agree that if we do, we should do so in a unified manner as you're suggesting. Someone has actually succeeded in speaking to David over the phone, so that tells me they haven't made themselves completely unaccessible. I'll be calling tomorrow and hopefully I can get through to them. If it proves fruitless, it may very well make sense to revisit what you've suggested. Together. Embarrassing, backer have to update other backer.... I remind everyone that the original promised delivery date was Sept 2013, and that more than 7K people still have nothing to show for their pledge let alone those who ordered direct from CST. If Mr. Vondel ( if that is even his legal name) can't take the time to post an answer I suspect that the whole thing has gone pear shaped and they are to afraid to admit it, and don't have the money to refund 700K plus to those who gave it to them. I suggest that if there is no reply or a UPS tracking number by Sept 2, that's it time to open the doors on the big legal guns and find out what the heck is really going on. Ladies and gentlemen, Since they has been nothing from the company or its founder in response to the dozens and dozens of where are my watches questions and there are 7000+ of us I suggest its time to contact the Consumer Fraud dept. of the Attorney general of the State of Illinois, since that is where CST is a registered LLC. Perhaps that will get somebody attenmtion. I for one have download and filed their complaint form and suggest you ALL do the same. 7000+people asking about 1 million dollars will absolutely get attention, perhaps unwanted by CST but they have had more than their fair share of chances to resolve this and chosen to not reply- what has happened at this point either is totally fraudulent or just plain theft! Please advise present situation! Please update when you are going to send the watch Sean, thanks for all your work. I appreciate it. Hopefully the guy tweeting knows what he's talking about. Still don't understand how the creator can't take 5 minutes to give a quick update though. Hey guys! One last note. Sorry to spam the board. Someone reached out to me to say the project was very much alive if I had doubts. I said that I did have doubts. He then pointed me towards this Flextronics tweet from Monday: <url>– good luck with the phone call tomorrow. I e-mailed Sean Conte at the e-mail address below asking for the possibility of getting a refund and he said "I'll let you know on Friday when I reach out to David Vondle on the phone. Someone else had success reaching him this way, so I have high hopes. I'll keep you updated!" I'll keep you updated with any future correspondence :) Sean, I've tried contacting the creators both here and on the website. No response from either. I'll keep trying though. I know it has been asked, but are there any of the backers that received the prototypes?? I still want the watch to add to my collection. Def time for an update. $1 mil worth of backers deserves to be communicated to. We need an update to believe in the project..... Update or refund! Thanks to everyone for reaching out via email so far! Keep them coming! I truly believe we're more likely to get a response coming to them in a unified manner like this (and showing them respect of course). This is not the formation of an angry mob demanding the products immediately, it's a unified coalition of backers who want, and are long overdue for, a status update. I think their response to a simple request for an update will be telling of the overall project status at this very late date. And it should better inform us on next steps. Patrica, kickstarter is more or less unwilling to "enforce" their own terms of use. The only fuction of the TofU is to serve as a legal basis for our argument that we deserve a refund in court. And this project is not "dead" enough yet (or expensive enough) to warrant going to court. I think our best option is to ask the creators directly for a refund and/or a real update. And if we do so in a coordinated manner, I really think they're more likely to oblige. If they don't respond, or further disappear, then it's time to look into more serious options. If you're interested in contacting David/CST directly on Friday, send me an email at <email>! I reported this to Kickstarter and was pretty much told "not our problem." I guess they got their money. I haven't checked on this project in a while. Us backers would like an update, that is obvious. Even if the news is bad. Progress is seldom a straight line. 90% of the people who funded this project understood there would be continual setbacks - your conducting special order business with tons of component suppliers, after all. If I wanted a watch delivered on time, I'd have funded one of projects that delivers a Miyota equipped homage. Or I'd go buy a Piaget 900p if I was flush with cash. With the CST-01, the journey is just as interesting as the end product. Your struggles, published to these pages, may provide future entrepreneurs with some much-needed perspective. So think of the kids. Oh, yeah. A change in update frequency is often an early sign of project death. Thank you for escalating Sean. I have now sent them notes through Kickstarter and their own website. My next step will be to call David. I'll do that on Friday (unless this project shows signs of life between now and then). My goal isn't to berate CST or Mr. Vondle, it's to get an update. Or, if his answer is unsatisfactory, request a refund directly. An unsatisfactory example would be: a vague or undefined timetable for reward fulfillment, a lack of any sort of update on project status, etc. I would encourage others with this goal to join me in calling Mr. Vondle on Friday. A more coordinated effort is more likely to yield a response. Anyway, it's not the end of the world. And this is not the most important thing in my life right now. But I'm tired of waiting. And I don't care if others find it "pathetic"...I'd like my $129 back thank you very much! Anyone want to storm the IDEO offices @ 626 W Jackson Blvd, Chicago, IL 60661? Last update was Aug 5 in the comments. I just sent CST another message and will continue to find ways to contact them It's been 2+ months since the last update. Any update and ETA for us backers? Will i see my watch by this Christmas seeing we missed getting them last Christmas? I don't want a refund, i would like what I backed. I have contacted Kickstarter about this project and the lack of contact from the creator. I have only posted their last email back to me, but you'll get the idea... "Hi Neil, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Alfie" Worth a go I thought. Friends, please send message to kickstarter administrations to inform them about problems! I think they can to connect to CST (they has registration contact). Please update when you are going to send me my watch. Or I will have to ask for refund next month Sep 2014. It's interesting to see how our tolerance for the project being late is directly proportional to the amount of updates we receive. I bet if we'd gotten consistent updates every couple of weeks the number of complaints would be cut down dramatically. I would just like an update. I know manufacturing and design can take a long time. I do not want my money back I just was a sweet watch. Please and thanks! I'm with the crowd that would like a refund. This projects lack of updates is a joke. Any of the 13 who pledged $1000 on this comment-board? How were the prototypes? Hopefully they make waiting for the finished product worth it - I haven't worn a watch for more than 15 years so waiting a little longer isn't bothering me too much, but an update would be nice. I would still take the watch if it's in fact going anywhere. Otherwise are there any lawyers here willing to take up the class action suit? I know there have been several now including one that personally bankrupted a project creator who couldn't deliver. $1 million should be pretty attractive for a suit. This user's account has been deleted. Damn. Stick a fork in this project. S'done. An update would be nice... Bert and Fabian - +1 I too want news, and hopefully a watch. I want CST to succeed. I want them to keep us updated. CST - please give us an update. Actually me neither. Way more interested in the CST _and_ information about the current status. Actually I don't want a refund. I want a my 2 CST-01 and I do not mind if it takes a bit longer (after all, I did vote yes for the thinnest band :)). But first I want to know what is going on and be kept informed, even if the news are bad. It is actually BECAUSE "kickstarter is not a shop" that I should be updated on the situation. I think, all (or the most) of us want back their money, but... I am also interested in a refund. Hello, I want a refund. Should have been shipped last September, has now been almost a year overdue. I have no interest in it now, so I want a refund. Hello, I want a refund. Should have been shipped last September, has now been almost a year overdue. I have no interest in it now, so I want a refund. David Vondle, shame on you. i know that feeling Natascha, I'm in over £400 on Radiate :/ but i have a lot of faith with CST still. I understand that many here are pretty angry about the long wait. I have to say though I'm at least glad that we already saw some production photos. So they are at least working on the watch. I know much worse Kickstarter projects *coughs* Radiate Athletics *coughs*... there I already said goodbye to my money. Probably never will see something for that. At least I didn't spend much there. But seriously Kickstarter makes you patient. Or it made me patient at least... with all the projects running late. That said: An update would be nice. I know CST wrote here on the 5th of August. I just think it would be better to write an Update at least every month. Even if there's nothing new, just to keep the backers informed. That's really an advice I would give every project creator. How would thinking reveal that there was an update in a non update section? Thinking? More of random searching and loading and scrolling a few pages just for the chance somebody might have left an update hidden somewhere where it's not supposed to be. Before trying to give people thinking advice try to get better at it yourself. An update was made August 5th by the creator in this comment feed. Think before you comment, please. @Sean Conte - the ToU that KS has provide us as backers with a theoretically enforceable contract with CST. As @JS and @Keats state, there is zero that KS will do, and any action would have to come from backers. . The above said - David could take 10 minutes to update us, and I'd be happy. I still like the watch, and want one. They are a LLC. There are circumstances where the owners of the LLC can be held liable; It's called piercing the corporate veil. Hopefully it won't come to that. Seems like a lot of this could be resolved with any sort of update/sign of life. Kickstarter won't enforce anything. That's why this stuff happens. This is about the fourth thing I've backed where the creator has disappeared. Maybe if Kickstarter started enforcing its own rules, people like us wouldn't be getting screwed. Chuck the legal system enforces it like any other contract.. You don't have a contract with KS but with CST. KS is just a platform a marketplace. CST is the seller. They promised a watch with specific features at a specific date for a defined amount of money. CST even described a few risks, but nothing coming close to no product at all or loss of the deposit or even a portion of it. So legally a refund if you want one should be 100% + interest. Now if the company is bankrupt and the owner not legally liable for his company, its just nice theory of course. You would have to prove that they wasted company money on private things in order to make them have to pay from their private bank accounts. Is CST a limited liability company or is it identical with the owner? If you feel the contract is breached (promised features don't work, delivery date wasn't kept etc) you could ask CST about what is happening, how to fix it or refund etc. If there is no agreement or the other party can not even be reached then there are lawyers and then courts... The problem I see is if a few thousand opt for a refund CST will not have enough money left to produce any watch for the backers who prefer to wait patiently. @Sean. Yes, they're REQUIRED to refund the money. So, who enforces that requirement? Kickstarter? And, where does the money come from? The money is surely gone by now. @Mike Amen to that. I agree, Bert. All of this would have been avoided with just a little transparency. It's not the delays that upset me, it's the radio silence. I do not know what I dislike the most, bakers justifying anything from creators because "KS is not a shop", or creators not keeping bakers informed because "they are very busy". Please. Makes total sense. I find the "Kickstarter is a gamble" argument that certain people have been making pretty ludicrous. I get that there is no guarantee you'll receive the product, but at least the terms of use serve as a basic safety net for you to get your money back if it becomes more obvious that CST just can't figure this thing out. @Sean Conte KS has specifically told me there is nothing they can do besides reach out to the creator, otherwise there is nothing they can or will do. They have advised seeking legal counsel if a Creator has been out of touch for more than a few months (which I take to me 90 days). "When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>" @ Peter - I own a couple of the items you mentioned, and I'm on the wait list for a Honda Jet - put my order in 3 years ago. The $129 means exceedingly little to me as a dollar amount. The waiting to me is entirely acceptable. Stuff happens. Wrinkles come up. What is utterly unacceptable is the lack of communication. To us. To KS. The difference with the LFA and NSX is again, those companies developed those products without taking customer money. Honda took my deposit for the Honda Jet, but I got regular updates, and could call with question ANY time I wanted. My McLaren 12C (pictured here) was 8 months delayed after giving my deposit, but again, I could contact not only my dealer, but also the CFO and CEO and expect a response. And lastly, as I posted before: Directly copied from the Kickstarter Terms of Use (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Maybe they can only have 25 updates and they are saving their last one to tell us it shipped. This is really the only explanation that i can come up with. If you look at the 1st Pledge it says " Pledge $1 to stay connected with our process through exclusive updates offered to kickstarter backers only." I just don't feel like they have stayed connected..... I am sure they are working hard on whatever, I say whatever because I do not work hand in hand with them and with no updates I have no idea what they are doing but I am sure they are doing something. For now I will just continue to day dream about where they are at in the process. I take it back, I guess some people do get on here to call people pathetic and "flame" other commenters. Everyone? Get back to work. Spending an hour out of your day to fight strangers about $129 you spent a couple years ago is incredibly pathetic. It'll be a happy surprise when we get our watches. If you really cannot afford the $129 you spent, and desperately need a refund, maybe this was a stupid thing for you to kickstart. @Peter W For the 400th time, you are REQUIRED to fulfill rewards to your backers, or offer a refund. I'm not sure what people aren't getting about this. To say "you are not guaranteed a product" is a moot point; sure, the company could squander the cash, permanently damage their credibility, and file for bankruptcy, but do you think that's what the company wants to do? For the 401st time, YOU MUST FULFILL THE REWARDS TO YOUR BACKERS OR OFFER A REFUND. And honestly, I have to point out, I really haven't seen anyone "flame" another commenter. I've seen a couple jokes about David Vondle being in the bahamas, which frankly is just a frustrated person making a joke. Our opinions don't matter to you? Great, your opinion of our opinion means nothing to us. So thanks. Here's a strategy you can try. Not sure it will help. Go to any projects that you have backed but have yet to be funded. Wait until a couple of days before funding and cancel. When you cancel there's a place for comments. In the comments point to this project as your reason. Tell them you've lost faith in the Kickstarter project. I just did this. I don't know if anyone reads the comments but it made me feel better. If you currently aren't backing any unfunded projects then get to it. Here's a sobering thought: Disneyland was built in 7 months. Asking for money back is fruitless. I'm sure that it's all been spent. There will be no refunds. Peter Most people don't complain about a delay. It's mostly the lack of updates which is scary. How to address this concern? With even less updates as you suggested? Interesting logic! I'd like to point out that this could be worse. Is this project behind schedule? Yes, but so was Pebble and they raised $10 million. If you think this is bad have a look at Solid Watch, the project creator is an asshole, it was funded 3 years ago, it was going to ship October 2011. Fast forward to today, many backers still have yet to receive their watch, some got earlier unrefined versions, others got later refined versions, and a few have been publicly put on a blacklist by the creator and told that they will get nothing, ever. Or go take a look at the Multi-touch keyboard and mouse, it was funded, it was going well, and it failed to deliver with no refunds. This happens on KickStarter, you are NOT buying a finished product, stop thinking you are. Not once have I seen David say one negative thing to a backer, and at this point I think they have given up with the updates simply because it's not worth the harassment they get from some of you when the schedule changes due to forces outside of their control. $1 million is a drop in the bucket for some of the parts suppliers in China, CST is a small customer with a small order, they are not priority one for most suppliers. At the moment as I understand it this is where we and CST stand, we are waiting for a factory in China to custom roll the bands as the first batch didn't meet specification. In the meantime sub assemblies are still being built i.e. the guts of the watch. Once bands made to specification arrive, final assembly will begin, and watches will start shipping. I'd like to point out something people seem to forget, the original goal was $200,000, they received backing to the tune of 5x the original goal, this means producing 5x the watches. Sometimes more isn't always better, if they had only received $200,000 they might not have decided to try to make it a commercially viable product and just build what was needed by hand like the original design. Since funding they have improved the overall level of engineering of the watch, including a ground up redesign of the electronics and charging system. I'd like to remind you all of the shit they took over the redesigned base station and the relocation to the power/data port. Does anyone remember that they lost the original battery manufacturer? The battery had to be replaced and thus a slight redesign due to the battery company deciding not to produce the needed battery, but they overcame that problem. They found a solid production partner with a proven track record in Flextronic, they tested the watch, found week points and fixed them, but at the end of the day they had a goal, to build "The World's Thinnest Watch" and they are sticking to that goal. Raise your hand if you'd be happy with Apple if the new iPhone was thicker, heavier, and slower than its predecessor. Did anyone raise their hand? I doubt it, because everyone wants what Apple always does, thinner, lighter, and faster. CST is fighting an uphill battle, did they make a common mistake most first time project creators make in over promising delivery? YES. Should we all post on here our complaints, endlessly **** and moaning about every day that passes that we don't have a CST-01 on our wrist? NO. Is the leading reason I've decided not to support future kickstarter projects A: Blown time lines, undelivered products, and or rude project creators. Or B: Having to wade through the endless bullshit and complaints you my fellow backer endlessly post (not limited to this project). The answer is honestly B. Products aren't made overnight, and sometimes shit happens, sometimes you have to throw it all away and start again, ask Lexus with the LFA, Honda with the new NSX, or ask Google how it felt when the iPhone came out. Google had a phone they had put years into creating, and they were set to release it, but shortly before they did Apple rolled out the iPhone, and Google had to start all over again. Have a look at the HondaJet, I can only imagine how upset some of you would be about the years of delays it has suffered, and at $4.5 million a pop no less. Bringing a product to market takes time, some are harder than others, but I know one thing is true, having to stop and answer everyone's question, comment, or phone call takes time and kills productivity, so relax, count to five. Am I disappointed in the delay? Yes, but you don't see me jumping to the conclusion that this is a scam, and we need to take legal action, because that will get you nothing. Now, some of you will feel the need to flame me, have at it, I don't give a shit, because your opinions don't matter to me. Seems David Vondle is aliving and Kicking, and apparently still in charge!! <url>"How do I report a project? If you see a project or any behavior on a project page that you believe violates our rules or Terms of Use, the best way to let us know is with the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. When you submit a report, please provide as much detail as you can (links to the page with the concern, links to an account, details of the problem, etc.)." Sad times, but given the route this project seems to going, it may be the boot up the arse they need!! I know they're not saying "get a lawyer" btw, but you catch my drift. Keats, I'm mainly asking you since you seem to be on the up and up So I know this has been discussed briefly in this thread already, but can any sharp legal minds out there shed light on how enforceable the KS terms of use are? If a project creator is found to be in violation of the terms, does KickStarter take any responsibility for recouping the money raised through the site? In other words, is Kickstarter literally just saying, "Get a lawyer and pursue your money back that way", or would they be an ally to us on this? June 18 was the last update? It's been a few days since then. Mike, there are several legal options we can pursue, and should start pursuing as soon as possible. I'm starting to wonder whether the whole "do you want it a little thicker" survey was a scam to buy more time. After all, we don't know who voted which way and they cut off the voting pretty quickly! This has gotten ridiculous at this point. It only takes a few minutes to give an update and it most assuredly should not be in the comments section. They have over a MILLION DOLLARS of our money and they're a year overdue. I don't think it's too much to ask for a weekly update. This is beyond ridiculous at this point. It's been months since there's been any sort of actual update and there's no proof that the project is even ongoing. At what point do we start pursuing legal action? Man, there are so many times between September 2013 and now that I could have used that $129. Answer: NO! The difference is, that some of these backers got a watch ;-) Has anybody read this article? <url>"The C77 Design Daily: A Printervention" - ok, the funding goal was not reached on May 16. Look at the date!!! And most of the other projects was also ended after Feb 2013! I'm afraid David Vondle is a simple scammer! Is it possible, that a part of our money is going to 27 other projects? What did we actually expect? "Our" developers got a million and now it is gone! Even his Facebook account is deleted! I would be surprised if we hear anything from him again or even get our watches! I Think, it was an (expensive) lesson for us :-( JS, don't take me too seriously there. I know you weren't really comparing the two companies. Would like one of these now... <url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Man, this is crazy town banana pants at this point. Still nothing. I hat having to beg to get an update on KS. I do not mind waiting for a pledge, but I want to be kept in the loop. I don't see this project being obsolete. It will still be the thinnest thing out there and it will still tell time. The majority of us voted for it to be as thin as promised so we have to give them the time for it to get there. Their website still takes pre-orders with estimated delivery 'early Summer 2014.' @Daniel Tucker... Actually you are. You are guaranteed the fulfillment of your pledge reward or if the campaign is unable or unwilling to make good on their pledges must refund the amount pledged. Check the terms and conditions dude. Where is my watch? This already takes to long to wait. Give us result or give my money back. Hey guys, I love your product and I understand you are having problems. It has been nearly a year past the expected delivery date and almost two months past your last update. I'm not asking for a positive result, just an update on whatever is happening with the product, good or bad. Even if it is something small just informing us how your testing is going. You can't honestly expect us to believe you are too busy to spend 30 minutes posting a short simple update. I was very excited abut this project , it sound so good, now i know why. im very disapointed with this. At the time it comes out it will be already obsolete. How can we all do to have our money back? Is there any way to initiate legal accions agains them? I believe when a person decide to become a backer they have their own reasons and expectations. And one shouldn't have the assumption that every project is just a neat idea and therefore not to treat backing as purchasing a product or so. While Kickstart is a good platform for people who are looking for funding or testing out their ideas, it's still a rather new concept and in my opinion it is too early to define what expectations should be for a project, as they seem to vary a lot in terms of maturity, practicality, and so on. At least for me, from the description of the project the creators already had a working prototype, giving the impression that it will be a matter of fine-tuning, sourcing out materials and mass producing them. This was also reflected by pledge amount and expected delivery date. This by itself was a motivation for me to back it. Had the project be vaguely described, with only rendered images and unreasonable pledge options, I most likely won't back it -- and I guess many of the backers would feel the same way. As mentioned in my previous comments, I truly appreciate the dedication of the creators in pursuing better everything in this watch. However, they should also realize there is so much they can do with this first round of manufacturing process. Over the months they have changed almost everything from band materials to base station design, they even have a machine dedicated to manufacture the watches. It slowly gives me the feeling of they are taking the money and experimenting with extensions to their original idea, instead of going-ahead with what they have promised. Their no-so-recent updates about the bands (apparently the "last piece of the puzzle"), be those a "real" update or a quick comment, keep saying they now have samples and should have a schedule shortly. Why can't they just post those samples' photos? What is taking them so long to figure out the schedule? These are answers that can be posted in less than an hour. No matter the creators are reading these comments or not (I hope they do), I think it is important for us to post comments here to let them know many of us, while still supportive, are frustrated with their lack of communication and updates, especially at this stage of delay. Kickstarter has risks, you're not guaranteed a product. We funded this and other projects because they were neat and we believed they could happen. You're not ordering a product, you're putting money towards an idea that hopefully takes shape. The people at CST haven't been making huge updates lately but honestly what do you want? More pictures of test watches? Check out their comments here <url>" Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale. We will keep you posted once we receive the schedule." and "We will start shipping as soon as we can get these wrapped up, which we hope will be in a matter of weeks. " So according to that we should have already received our watches... Yea I have my lockitron lol I think it was funded like 2 years ago. So I have waited years before lol. It was supposed to be a kickstarter project but kickstarter denied them so they did it on their own and people just went to their website and backed it. And its on my door now. The app on my iPhone works with it they have really did a good Job and it was pretty complex as well. The lack of updates is seriously disheartening. I receive more updates from projects that are closed and products delivered than I have from this company. I understand manufacturing and testing delays. I am in the industrial machinery manufacturing industry, it happens but there is always a time line provided from the actual producer. What I fear is that with all the testing and travel and scrapped productions of various parts the funding is all gone with a watch that is partially completed and nothing left to pay final assembly and production. The newness and novelty of this watch has worn off. Now I am just sitting back to see if something will finally come of it. Since this watch has closed on kick starter it have participated in a half dozen other watch projects that have launched closed and delivered in this same time frame. We're all looking forward to getting return on our pledges. To state the obvious, I hope it comes sooner rather than later. "This project was successfully funded on February 22, 2013." Sounds like we could use another update at the very least. Mark, he's not counting these random comments as true updates. I think that's pretty fair. @Keats Eh? They did respond to a phone call, with an update in this comment stream on August 5th -- nine days ago not two months ago. You can see all their comments at <url>"pumping out" mean? Are they already produced and only have to be shipped? Or does the production start now? English is not my native language, and in my language you can only pump out a pool or a lake :-) Son of a beachball! We got an update lol. Brilliant, :) THANK YOU CST. Please keep updating us, even if it's just short comments like this! We very much appreciate being kept in the loop! Wow, as soon as i hit "post comment" their update appeared below. saweeeeeeet Thanks Chris! So you actually called? Wow, I didn't think anyone would do that. Awesome. I guess my concern is that he's saying there is nothing new to report now than there was 6 weeks ago. I guess they STILL have not received the schedule for delivery of the bands? Argh :( Can't say I'll be funding any more Kickstarters, but I have certainly enjoyed chatting with you peeps and learning about the process. I definitely have an appreciation for the complexities of designing/manufacturing something like this. And I still can't wait for the watch, whenever it may come. The band are due to leave the factory this week, and they are working on doing additional tests. I explained to David that I'm not pissed off or anything, just wanted to see if there was any news could pass along. I'm fine with delays.. I'm excited enough for this watch that its fine with me. I also explained to him I was concerned this was turning into the Radiate campaign I was a backer on and just wanted to see if theyre still around (they're being CST). I know no one would want to hear it, and maybe its because I'm just not in a rush to get this, but I'm still confident they're working the project and working to deliver our products. I'd say just sit back. He should hopefully be posting a new update soon, but said he hates to just tell us the same items over and over - which is understandable. As a project manager for a manufacturing company I hate having to get on conference calls or send emails that are the same message that is basically we're workin on it, having vendor delays, etc. Dont worry people. Not yet. <url>"gentle word" with them about how bad their total radio silence looks to us backers? No point to ask for an update simply because they don't even care to login here. Their last login was 26.06.14 Over a month ago. They don't see your requests. This is something they should be ashamed about. Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! This delay is kinda destroying the brand before it even started so I think getting these watches out is at this moment more important to CST than to the backers. That said, an update would be really welcome. Isn't it a shame that there are soooooo many requests on here for a simple status update, so totally and completely ignored? Doesn't it make you feel good you contributed to the million dollar plus fund? Last updates have done nothing except advertise yet another in a long,long line of delays. We get that shit happens, delays happen. Fine. When they do,however, a once a week "we're working hard on it" or whatever,should be the absolute minimum in customer service,ESPECIALLY when you read the comments below. It is not much to ask for,and your shocking lack of customer service is appaling. What would take a few,simple minutes out of a week,is ignored for ages. It is really bad,gentlemen. You have had issues with parts, thats fine, we all get it. You have serious issues with communication, that is not fine, and we deserve better. Delayed yet again? o.k. Par for the course with you guys by this point,but we can be a little more patient as needed. Seriously though, a few minutes to tell us about it with dozens and dozens of requests below? That wouldnt even cost you. And while you (and us) wait for this stuff to be fixed,what are you doing anyway? It's not like you don't have time to do it. I am asking you in all seriousness to PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE give your backers a heads up on the next delayed to date. It is not much to ask for, and a quick read below seems quite important to the people whose money you took. Are we not worth it? Thanks for considering yet another request for an update,let's see if this is as ignored as the dozens of others below. Or do we finally get one with good news,like a shipping date,for real? Sincerely, Us. Hello, I want a refund. Should have been shipped last September, has now been almost a year overdue. I have no interest in it now, so I want a refund. come on guys. throw us a bone, everyone for the most part has been patient... send us an update! I was just on their web site which says pre-orders there would be shipping the summer of 2014. I added a watch to my cart and it looks like the site is still taking pre orders. the price of the pre-order is $299.99 a lot more then what we are paying for one. And more then several smart watches. From what i understand, production on the circuit elements of the watches is basically done. it is just a case of binding the electronics to the bands and putting them into the ( i think) already completed boxes. Well, they have income for the watches already. I would think that (given there is nothing that most of the team can do at the moment re. the CST-01) they will be investing effort into their next project, whatever that is, whilst they wait for the bands to finally reach them. FWIW I don't think it's a scam either, it's just dragging on and on waiting for those in-spec bands... I'm pretty sure the people of CST aren't scamming the lot of us but I'm seriously starting to worry they might be running out of money due to the continuously delayed shipping dates. No shippable products simply means no income for them, and at some point they're going to run into trouble with their suppliers... @Christopher CST starting production would be a big deal – I can't imagine for one minute they'd want to keep that quiet. I assume (hope) that they're simply keeping quiet until that have something to say that they haven't said already, but it is disconcerting that they've gone dark on us – no response to any of us on any channel for a while now. I wonder if they're going to hold off providing any further updates until they have items actually shipping. It seems like something that they might want to do, just to prevent any more slippage announcements. I was looking back over the past updates -- shipping in September 2013, then December 2013-January 2014, then April 2014. I bet they would want to avoid saying September 2014 (a full year past their first ship date) if there's even the most remote chance of not making it. I certainly want my watch, but I understand they have some very challenging materials and machining issues that they've had to overcome. It's a shame we're at the point where they can't afford to make a plan public, but from a "kickstarter-meta" perspective it's all very interesting to see unfold, and I'm glad to be a part of the chaos. You people are a bunch of cry-babies. This project is just like the Hot Watch kickstarter project. If you don't like what's happening, class action suit is the word. Oh for pity's sake Jeff, please, up until recently you were fine, why do you suddenly feel the need to drown out this thread with continuous stream-of-consciousness yapping? It's not helpful. I think this product is a sham and would encourage all investors to get their money back. @neil I agree man and so do many others I would be nice to have just a quip at least. I think the next update will be like hey we are shipping. I stand my my prediction that shipping will start before the end of summer. Lol it's getting closer but that's been what I have been saying and thinking. I know that's not the update you were looking for but it's good to have predictions gives direction. I wonder what would other peoples predictions kind of see where people are at? I am putting my chips on before summer is over shipping will start.... Totally not interested in aggravating people. You may have not read all my comments rather just responses to other disparaging comments. I have encouraged people to continue to use kickstarter. I have tried to calm people down from being so angry trying to find other things to talk about other ideas. I have had some tongue and cheek comments trying to get people to laugh. I don't see how it is clear that I am here to aggravate people. Quite simply I am not that type of dude anyway. I suggest you read some of the earlier comments maybe the mission impossible comments or maybe mine towards Sean or Eric I mean all very uplifting and not negative. Now for people who fine aggravation in my comments that's of their own creation. I learned at a very young age that you cannot make someone angry that's a secondary emotion. Anger is something you have to decide to be. You have to decide to be angry or aggravated about something. If I was able to cause anger or aggravation then everyone would be because I am able to control it. But I am not able to control you or your emotions your in control over them or not in control over them. That fact that you may be upset and others are not proves the point that anger is an emotion you decide to have. Once you figure that out I contend you will have a much easier life knowing you actually control your own emotions and not others. Look at that a little life lesson packed into the comments section on kickstarter lol. I am maybe a little crazy and little looser then the average dude but I am far from a bad guy with malice in his heart looking to aggravate people. Look if this is peoples only vent for their frustration then maybe I am serving as the tap and allowing them to empty. People commenting without any response from the community must be even more frustrating. At least I am here playing goalie and kicking the ball back so you can try and kick it back in? I mean I agree we could use an update but if we don't get anything we must then talk amongst ourselves? So JB come one back and become apart of the community. Don't be upset and only respond out of aggravation. Maybe be specific about how you feel about the project. Aim your frustration at the root of the problem rather then me because I am not making the watches. I think once you zero into why your really angry you might feel a little better. And of course I'll be here! @Big Jeffv - I came on to check the comments as I had not seen any email updates in a long time (I do not use facebook) and while I was not annoyed before, I am now. Its clear your main intent is to aggravate people who are already not happy about delays. These people have no other output for their grievances and so post here. While it is true that people who are happy to keep waiting will just stay quiet, it does not mean that someone who does post is wrong. Just because there is a comment section - it doesn't mean you need to use it. CST 19 days ago "We have been promised a schedule very shortly and will update as soon as we receive it. Thanks for your patience." What exactly the term "very shortly" mean in kickstarter ? I used to love Kickstarter. Lots of hate here huh? Look if your upset about my opinions then don't read them. For every person who responds against there could be there that don't that support or agree with my opinions. And as long as they have a "comment" section I will continue to comment. Tough cookies! Lol It's not the waiting for the watch that frustrates me. It's the communication. Doesn't need to be chapter and verse, just a couple of sentences that hit the pertinent points. Jeffv, opinions are like assholes; I don't want to see or hear yours, got it? @eric I would say look around kickstarter. There are many projects that are for all intents and purposes don't they just need the money to make for product. I have backed a project that as soon as it closed a week later I got that I wanted. There are also other things you may find like the pono player. That was a finished product kickstarter was just the conduit to get it out to the masses. I understand you frustration I am a backer like yourself on the same project. But not every ride is the same. Some rides last a little longer some are short and to the point. I would say just surf the website. Maybe the collapsible cup that looks pottery cool and simple. Or maybe some clothing they have on here. I mean this project is pretty intense and a little on the veteran end of backers. It may just be that you jumped in the deep end. All I am saying is that there is depths in this pool for everyone you just have to venture around until you find something. You took a chance and backed this. That says a lot about you as a person. I would rather see that develop then be lost to something like this. Hopefully after you get the watch your confidence will be renewed! Hang in there dude! I guess ignorant children do frequent kickstarter. The lack of vocabulary = ignorance. The lack of civility = child. I don't work for the company but something tells me that wouldn't matter to you. I wouldn't attempt to speak for everyone like you did especially with your choice of words. When you said no one cares. But I am pretty sure kickstarter does and this is their gig here. Please if you insist on using foul language with a complete lack of manners. Maybe you could add something to the comment section. I could deal with all the curse words if that's the only way you could get your point across. But when your just mindlessly throwing pointless thoughts out there to the masses it's useless in the comments section. If you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing. And like I said if you do, at least have something constructive to say. Jeff, let me explain something to you, unless you work for the company, nobody here is interested in your fucking opinion. I can only say that this project has made me reluctant to back any future projects on Kickstarter. To be long overdue and go months without providing an update, is really bad business. @shri No cool to drop the F bomb on here. I am not sure if that meets the code of conduct but if it does it's still not cool to throw around curse words especially of that caliber. There are different ways to express yourself other then those words. Maybe that should be kept to a message directly he creator if you have feelings that strong. Just simmer down sauce pot and try not let your emotions leak onto the comments section. I would just like to politely point out that kindness kills, The folks at CST made us a promise and i believe they are working to finish for us "The World's Thinnest Watch" the goal they created for themselves. Right next to the "Post Comment" button is this phrase "Be respectful and considerate." I know that as a developer sometimes it takes time to get things right and i for one am willing to wait as long as it takes for them to get it right. On July 14th they told us that "...we just received good news from our guy at Flextronics in charge of the bands. He is currently in China at the Nitinol machining / forming facility and has this to report: A large material order has been placed; the material supplier has now agreed to custom roll stock for us to make sure we are below 0.98mm. A “go” gauge has been wire cut to 100% inspect the blanks thickness We have been promised a schedule very shortly and will update as soon as we receive it. Thanks for your patience." I think we should be civil and patient and kind, and wait to see what happens. I tried to contact them through Twitter with no luck so far... I sent a note to Dave on 6/26 and, to his credit, received a very prompt response. That was the last I heard from anyone...other than the "update"--which appears to have been a little dishonest (or at least not the full story)--posted in the comments a couple weeks ago. Come on CST, people clearly want an update and it would take what? 5 Minutes? For some reason, certain people think that an update is asking for too much. But those people are just silly geese. Thank God for Timex or all would be lost! I'm 0-2 with Kickstarter projects. You won't get me again. Why has this still not shipped yet? Where is the CST team? At what point do I get my fucking money back. Mark, I sent them a note the other day and never heard back. As a matter of interest, has anyone here had a response from CST recently, any response at all? They haven't answered my message to them sent via the "Contact me" link, and didn't respond to email to their contact address on the CST website either. Anyone heard from them recently? At all? This is my first ever post and it took a lot of thinking on whether to post it or not but I read David L's comment in the updates section and he pretty much summed up how I now feel about crown funding projects. It’s a pity because some really good ideas and entrepreneurs with potential stand to lose potential customers because of delays and an inability to deliver on time. Time as specified by the creator. His comments state “No matter which way this goes, I'm no longer a fan of crowd funding because of my/our CST experience. We all know the rules and risks and no nobody need explain to all the uneducated and ignorant people (like myself) the meaning of the "crowd funding" concept again... We ALL get it, it's a gamble.” I might not be part of the list of people called “cool, calm, smart, understanding” or whatever or word used to make being upset at such a huge delay seem like an overreaction. I even read a comment that said “Complaining is just plain annoying, It makes you sound like a baby." I’m fine with that, as an investor I have a right to complain if I’m dissatisfied with some aspect of the service I’m receiving. I didn’t give money to my 12 year old nephew who has no business acumen, understanding of business standards, investor expectations. Well… I understand I’m were not forced to participate but it’s the creators of ideas who suffer and unlike you smart guys, they do care that their projects might not be funded because of the growing view people have about crown funded projects. Even if this is a crowd funded project I feel I chose to invest in a company who understands the terms and expectations on an “investor”. When a company promises to deliver to you, it does so under a contract with you, even if it isn't written down. At this point I wish I could use time is of the essence to get my money paid back FYI time is of the essence is phrase often used in contracts, which, pretty much says: the specified time and dates in this agreement are vital and thus, mandatory, and "we mean it." Therefore, any delay, reasonable or not, slight or not, will be grounds for cancelling the agreement. However, like David and a few other frustrated people I still want my watches and wish the best for everyone involved. Regards KG Can I just refund? How much interest does $1,026,292. Accrue in 13 months since fully funded? I'm very uneasy. CST team is summer vacation??? Please update immediately! @CST,,,,, where is my watch !!!!!!!! I know I am reaching back a few comments but @att dude. I know your worried about the bands but check this out they screw it up they have already sourced bands that are slightly thicker that's totally not a big deal. I would actually prefer a thicker one and voted as such before. So we are going to get something eventually. It's just the community or majority wanted them to head back to the drawing board. Another thing would be sell the bands as is? That would be cool huh? I would rock a bare band. That is no feminine it's thick and silver or black. My kids would love them too. They could punch out designs or laser etch them maybe with words or phrases. I personally would like one that said "confidence" I have a lot of it personally and I find that when stuff don't go my way it's because I lack the confidence in myself or what I am doing. So to have it in my wrist just to give me a heads up now and again on a pretty cool wrist band I would do. Not a watch. And it don't get is watches better but another thing to think about. Dennis your a nut lol. Writing update like that is like the person who presses the button at the elevator more then once. Somehow believing that it make the elevator move faster. (I do it sometimes lol) somehow even though I know that I makes me feel better... Sean totally stoked your chillin like a villain. I for some reason think Homer Simpson when controlling a nuclear power plant. Like is he not the default thing that comes to mind? What other celebrity or person that lots of people know in that profession? Nuclear power plant people get no respect lol! I know homer is fictional but still. Weird? I am not trying to say I am like Homer Simpson but I guess it comes off like that. Yea I know I am crazier then a crippled crab with crutches. But when you do what I do sometimes it's relieving. Maybe we all have a little homer inside of us! Look I know most of you wasted like 2 minutes of your lives reading what I just wrote (or some would say rant) but for like 2 minutes "I" couldn't even think about the watch I still don't have. Mission accomplished! Big Jeff, at first I was annoyed, but you won me back with "I would save lives with the chill I carry." That was gold. Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! Update! I could use a few more paragraphs too huh? (Valid use if the question mark) Writing it in my iPhone it don't always work out like that. It's just easier with the kickstarter app if you don't have it you should check it out. Really convenient.... ( maybe the few dots will be my new question mark at the end of the statement?) I don't know what the few dots mean maybe I am thinking but not typing anymore so I type that I am thinking? Lol dude I am totally to relaxed. I need a job at like a nuke plant or something I would save lives with the chill I carry. @sean I thought the mission impossible missions were pretty awesome! I mean I don't think I know it all either. That was some other guy not you Sean. But look I understand people are upset and looking for answers I am just mixing it up that's all. Changing focus maybe? ( there's that question mark ) I like to think when I end a statement with a question mark is because that's the facial expression I have at the time of writing that statement. It's something new and different I guess maybe it will catch on or maybe I'll be the only special person doing it. But I don't know that's just me. As for adding to the conversation I think all mission impossible missions did I totally had to think them up. Look in the face of darkness and no comments I am just bringing some light and different comments to the table. Think about this if I didn't mix it up or ruffle the feathers then all this comment section would be full of is requests for updates basically? (Again) lol! Look Sean you seem like a pretty cool dude may not be cool with not having your watch but you haven't like flipped out due to frustration. Or made any two cents comments. So I don't mind the back and forth. Plus I have 3 kids anyway so it would take a lot to frustrate me and I have patience on tap. So please don't take anything personal I know some stuff may be Bourne out of frustration but in the end I am just standing in line next to you dude. Waiting for the same thing. If it's one thing we all have in common it's this watch. And I am sure the more we mix it up the more we might find. I know you don't like question marks lol so I may think about that going forward in my "rants" I guess they are rants I have never thought of them like that....... If the bands have been ordered, I'd expect to have a delivery timeline by now. The order was placed two weeks ago. I have to admit, I'm pretty worried about these bands. Going back through the archive, the change from stainless to titanium wasn't done until two months after the original estimated ship date (Nov '13), and then the change from grade 5 ti to nitinol wasn't made until late March of '14. Why four months from the material selection to the first heat treating? However, reading more closely, I realize that even that isn't quite right. The March update said that they were just testing the nitinol, and also other heat treating methods for the grade 5 titanium. Now, the most recent comment suggests that they did choose to switch materials again, but have these new bands actually been successfully heat treated at some point? Mostly, though, the impression is that we've been just waiting on the bands for production to begin. Is that true? If so, updating us on their progress and schedule implications should be pretty easy. If you're still running so ragged that it's impractical to update us more often, then would you kindly at least let us know what other problems you're working to solve? Aside from waiting for the bands to arrive, what other tasks remain? after this venture, probably think about a smart watch. even a not so smart watch that probably just lets you know caller id or just focuses on one function. its around six months behind schedule, do you have a release date in mind? you're still releasing the watch correct? Thanks for the update, looking forward to hearing updates about the progress now that the metal has been ordered. btw people you can see all their comments here which include updates. <url>"hey we are shipping" be adequate for the masses? I am standing by my prediction that we will get them this summer. By Labor Day these puppies should be shipping. If they don't ship by Labor Day then maybe there is something more involved a bigger problem with band thickness. And they may just have to ship the thicker and I would contend sturdier bands. I mean do we all forget that we did have an opportunity to have a slightly thicker band that would have already shipped by now. But the masses sent them back to the drawing board. So there is really nothing else to update about short of shipping dates. And if they don't have ship dates they don't have them. Not a damn thing we can do about it. Chalk it up go to work, pet your dog/cat/next door neighbors dog if need be? What ever floats your boat. But life is not stopping because watches are not shipping. We all have lives to live let's live them. Anyone else have any predictions? Or sample updates? I mean we could crowd source an accurate update? Lol or maybe someone can get their prediction validated? I am game for friendly competition. Who ever is closer without going over gets two thumbs up and bragging rights! Mine is by labor day not all but some of is will be wearing CST-01's they might not get them all out but some will be sent already by Labor Day. Well I certainly haven't been berating anyone...no one has. And I believe he reads the comments Jeff. He left an update in the comments two weeks ago and has responded directly to comments before. Yea I don't know where to even look got that I remember seeing it somewhere but haven't actually looked for it to know myself. I mean I seen the videos and pictures they "are" making the watch so what else is there to know? We will get it when it's done. I don't know what else there is to say? If he has not logged in with his name it does not mean he don't see comments either? I mean all that is required is another account to view updates that is a backer? A few of you have said that the creator hasn't logged in for a month. That's not true. They posted a comment here and on Facebook two weeks ago. Basically they've placed a large material order for custom rolled stock and they'll update us as soon as possible once they receive a schedule. @sean I don't gauge the status of a project from the frequency of updates rather I read the updates and form my own opinion biased upon their content. I just think it gets us nowhere complaining about frequency up updates. He is the creator and he holds all the cards. You don't get someone to show their hand by berating them? He will update when he can and if he don't deliver then we go from there. Until then let's talk about other things like why roads are black and made of asphalt and not clear and made of glass? Or blue? I like the color blue more then black? Lol I mean someone said the creator has not logged in for a month right? So he's not even reading all these requests for an update anyway. Let's talk to each other then about other things I mean isn't that what we are doing anyway. Starting to get bummed now :\ @Richard Adams, I am also a bit curious about that. Would love to hear from folks who received prototype watches. Big Jeff, why are you so aggressively playing the role of apologist here? This project is rounding the corner on one full year behind schedule, with no firm timetable for completion and infrequent (basically nonexistent) updates. Not counting the "update" two weeks ago--which was really just a comment left on the message board--it's been almost a month and a half of radio silence. Infrequent updates were okay back before September 2013, but now they're inexcusable. What gives, CST? What happened to the schedule you were due for delivery of the bands at scale? What is going on? This is just a watch, so it's not the end of the world. I think what's getting people fired up is the fact that this project has been SIGNIFICANTLY delayed and we think we are being ignored by the people we gave our money to. CST Guys, don't you think that an update would be appropriate?! Even if it's bad news, we should be informed. I guess you hit a major dead end with your band thickness order and don't want to tell the bad news. Otherwise why are you hiding? A qucik update takes 5 minutes. @keats You better get on your mission importable, Tom cruise, top secret CST-01 investigation then! We are counting on you to produce results solider! This one is for the team! Lol Just tell them I sent you they will let you right in. Or you can try one of the following. The baby daddy Girlfriend pose as the creators X girlfriend who is now pregnant (use a pillow) and have her demand "where he is to support his kid!" The illegal alien/Tom cruise Or dig a hole from like 50 feet from the fence until you get into one of the buildings. Then hack into the share folder and look for anything CST - 01. Download it to a USB stick and high tail it out of there. Bonnie and Clyde Drive right through the main building and when you exit the vehicle demand answers! The honey pot Find yourself am employee (female preferably) and develop a relationship with her in order to extract information about the location of the place they are making the watch. Then the above may be a little more productive. The eye and the sky Purchase a drone and hover above the plant until you identify the building the creator enters. Then create a fake id in order to gain entry into the main gates. ( janitors clothing is best won't bring as much attention the janitor look ) Then stake out the place when the creator exits the building pull off the over alls (janitors clothing) take out your microphone and begin to interview him as if you were a journalist. Disclaimer: if any of the above is taken seriously do the following. 1. Take a hammer ( a brick could suffice as well ) 2. Place your head against a hard object wall, table, steps. 3. Take the heavy object identified in step 1 and repeatedly bash your self in the head until you have forgotten why you started but before you forget your name. We have several thousand backers here, even I have no idea at this moment but we should group together. See anything can do to giving some pressure to the creator. It sounds like it is time for another update. Please. Folks, The CST Team hasn't even logged into Kickstarter in a month. They aren't reading your comments and apparently don't have the basic curtesy to post updates. I'm very disappointed as they came off as very professional initially but it has gone extremely downhill. The next update, whenever they finally post it, will likely give us nice vague delivery as "the fall". It's pathetic how old this project is and worse that we still don't have a clear shipping estimate. Good luck to everyone ! @Jeff and Peter - I'd love to just "show up" but I've worked with Flextronics before, both in Milpitas and their facilities in China. 1) No way they show/tell me diddly without CST's express permission, and 2) Their facilities are huge, with multiple buildings even in Milpitas, it'd be very difficult to show up at the correct office, without CST saying where they're building. That's why I posted here and requested CST contact me to arrange it. It would be so helpful to them as well to have a backer confirm all their updates - I imagine it would go a LONG way to satisfying backers that their money hadn't just vanished. I wonder if any of the 13 people that backed this project for $1000+ ever received their 'numbered prototype beta watches' that were supposedly delivered in March 2013. Any of you lucky 13 out there care to comment? I start to worry the watches won't delivery to my hand finally. I mean all of this is just for discussion anyway. No one here wants to sue CST, that's stupid. Just want the dang watches and at this point are a little confused as to what's taking so long @John Ahn The Washington state case is not to set an example, it's to set a precedent that there is actually a legally binding contract in place between the project creator and the people who donated money to him. Kickstarter and Amazon disagree, and I suspect the project creator does as well.. . If you want to see what can happen, take a look at the case that Neil Singh filed against Seth Quest. It's an example of why LLC's are a good idea. :P @keats, I think it would be great if you can find out anything at Flextronics. If you do visit, I would just go with the truth - "I'm a backer, I work close by and hoped to get an update." Quite frankly I wouldn't expect Flextronics to offer you much info (client confidentiality and all), but it doesn't hurt to try. You might even run into the creator on the parking lot and get a first person update. Might get lucky and he will have a prototype or something with him he can show you and you can take pictures. Or he could be wearing it and you can see how it looks in action. Lol just don't run up on the creator like a creepy crazy person if you see him lol just be cool and see what happens. Stuff don't happen in life unless your taking chances staying in your comfort zone got whole life can be dull. Doing something out of just your own routine is exciting and can make you feel alive. Doing this can be really exciting and totally cool. I say you plan it out and do it. Maybe call ahead or not up to you let then know your coming or would like to stop by and say hi. I don't know but I am sure I cannot be the only person interested in getting a third party look at what's behind the curtain. @keats I say got for it! Go in there tell who ever is there your story. They are humans lol they will be able to critically think hopefully about your plight. And what's the worse they can tell you no, kick rocks, pound sand, nothing? Hell then when you come back you can have a story to tell us all and that could be a pretty cool quasi update. I know I would be very interested in your story. Maybe you could even get some video of this whole encounter. I mean it's innocent what your doing just going and asking questions right? There is nothing wrong with that. Not sure about how the creators would feel but I am sure if your nice, professional and treat those at flextronics with respect they will do the same in turn. And we will all have a cool story to hold those over for updates with something interesting? I am all for it if I didn't live in the east coast I would be down to go with you. I just caution if you do stop by and say hi don't be a di%k just be cool and see what they can and cannot answer start out simple and work into more interesting questions as they answer them. I think it's nothing more then what a journalist would do right? And you would be filling that role for all of us and for yourself being a backer. @sean I know I kind of went off the reservation in the sense that I was providing examples that are very unlikely. But the spirit of what I was trying to say is that's it really he individual. There are consequences but this individual has to care about them. They have to refund but only if they have the money. We could sue but we would have to win and even then he has to have the money. Basically you cannot control the individual short of putting into jail and even then you still don't get a watch if money if their is neither. And I guess I don't look at it like they are showering them in vinegar. I don't look at the percentage of funding or all the other factors. Not that they are valid in fact I have never thought about it myself? Lol I am just if a different mind set. I am enjoying the wait and the process. When it over I will have to find another kickstarter project to help and follow. I extract a different level of enjoyment then I guess regular people or maybe regular people think like I do? Lol I mean I think the concept of kickstarter is one of the best ideas in a long time. You are exposed to some of the coolest (another kickstarter idea) things and without kickstarter most of this stuff would never make it to the masses. I might haut stay in people's head and we don't progress as a society. How ever the outcome I will be looking forward to many more kickstarter campaigns to come. I posted this in the update without notice... I pass Flextronics in Milpitas everyday on my way to work - think CST will give me clearance to verify they're actually making anything? Be a simple thing to prove that stuff is actually being done and work is genuinely progressing. The fact that they're only saying they've ordered material for the bands a month ago is distressing. CST - contact me if you'd like this to happen, and maybe some of your backers won't continue to verbally eviscerate your service to date. Big Jeff, your point is fantastically moot. You know what binds the creators to giving us the rewards they sold us on? The combined PR and credibility hit they'd take for failing to deliver on a product that was 400% funded. I understand the spirit of what you're saying, but you're talking about incentives........trust me, there are more incentives to actually finish a product as promised/pitched. You seem to suggest there aren't penalties for failing to make this happen, which is totally untrue. You have to refund your backers. @BigJeffv - You're spot on with the first paragraph, but I think you're looking at the lack-of-updates issue the wrong way. Over the last 18 months there have been quite a few of us pleading with CST to get more frequent updates, as a courtesy to their backers. They have even come back and debated the necessity of more frequent updates, but I can't see how 24 updates in 18 months is acceptable for a project that received $1M+. But even putting that aside, the frustration lately seems to stem from the fact that on JUNE 18TH they said "Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale". Since then we have received exactly ONE "update" (comment) from CST with no substantial information or tentative schedule. They (CST) are now building a reputation of promising schedules, failing to deliver on that schedule, and then ignoring their backers when we ask for an update about it. You said "you can attract bees better with honey than vinegar" - this is especially true for CST as a company. Even if I end up receiving the watch and it's better than I expected, I would not recommend them or their products to anyone due to their extremely lacking customer service skills. They have showered me in vinegar with their lackadaisical attitude and lack of respect for us backers at every step along the way. We can debate to the ends of the earth whether or not we're actually "customers", but basic courtesy should dictate an update to the people who pledged over $1M to this company when they demand it; And we've been demanding it for the last year or more. The quick and dirty is that nothing binds the creator from actually giving any backers what they backed unless they want to. There are terms and conditions that have to hold up in court and even then there is not guarantee to receive the product. It's a real simple concept that you cannot get blood out of a stone. If there are no products then there are no products? There is no law that's going to make a deck of cards for the backers or a watch for the backers. A person, company, creator is still required to make it for you. Being rude, threatening, belligerent does not make it easier or help the creator to want to stay up maybe a hour later working on the project. Just everyone relax and let the creator do his work. Providing an update just to spawn more hate or complaining because no progress has been made or very little does nothing. That may be the reason updates are few and far between. Another old saying goes you can attract bees better with honey then vinegar. Anyone else know what the hell Big JeffV is talking about? Comments are totally disjointed and nonsensical and he seems to have a poor understanding of the concepts he's rambling about. To Creator. PLS ANSWER OUR QUESTIONS ASAP. thanks. @tim i meant they didnt give timeline or anything else. Im tired of hearing about tolerances, i want delivery times. Im tired of the bs, i dont care that your in china on our dime. Deliver the watch. I feel the "survey" that you did about changing the watch slightly was a delay to just stall. You should just deliver what was promised. Back in the day legally binging contracts and laws may have meant something but nowadays without getting into specifics because I am sure any fair minded individual can fill in the blanks. But rule of law and glaring examples of laws broken left and right here and abroad. Makes you think about the stuff I said in the previous comment. Law only matters if it matters to the person and if it's enforced. And no law guarantees anything. Easy concepts. @john Dude I under stand the rule of law very well. What you don't seem to understand is that having law on the books that is enforced is an incentive to follow it. Nothing more.?!...? I mean those people suing to get those cards guess what they are still not getting the cards??? I mean no matter what there is no law that guarantees outcome?!?! I have so many question marks because I don't understand how it's not understood universally what I am saying. Just have a law, legal, recourse, terms and conditions guarantee nothing? Only thing that's guaranteed in this life is that it will eventually end. And maybe a few others in nature. But your easily blinded by laws and not noticing with a little common sense that just having a law on the books means nothing. Even worse if it's on the books and not enforced. If everyone did right and there were guarantees on everything would we really need laws? Just take a step back get out of the weeds and think about this....... In order for a law to matter it mean something, it has to matter first to the person breaking it. If it does not matter to the person breaking it then how effective is it really in prevention? Taking someone to court and making their life hell only matters to the person, if they care. It gets no one a watch or a deck of cards. It may not even get any money if they don't have any left. So then what did the LAW do other then react to a crime. Which is great it does prevent further crimes but it took a crime to be committed to prevent further. If it matters to someone and they follow the law then it's been effective. But again it's not guaranteed. <url>"roll out and stuff us all". As for the enforceability of this clause, that is not up for debate. There is a case going on right now in Washington where the Attorney General brought a civil suit on behalf supporters of a failed and apparently fraudulent Kickstarter project (for a deck of playing cards) that just raised only about $45,000.00. I know one of the Plaintiffs in that suit and their goal is to set an example and precedent to deter fraudulent or lazy Kickstarter project creators. Part of the suit involves a civil fine of up to $2,000.00 PER VIOLATION, so we're not talking about a little slap on the wrist on top of simple refund. For example, this project has 7,658 backers and who knows how many total units all these backers pledged for, so that civil fines per violation can add up to a substantial amount of money depending on the total number of backers or total number of products. One of the factors that allowed the civil fine to be added on was the fact that the project creator FAILED TO EFFECTIVELY COMMUNICATE after the project funded. Granted, Kickstarter itself doesn't give a damn once a project ends and they get their cut. But those terms and conditions do give backers legal recourse and we are now starting to see cases where fraudulent Kickstarter projects are being held legally accountable. Of course we cannot force creators to give us the products, but we can be refunded and the creators can face substantial penalties. Having said all this, I am not suggesting we have a fraudulent project with the CST-01 watch. While I am disappointed with their lack of communication recently, I've seen enough to be of the opinion that this is still a viable project and that CST is working hard to ultimately deliver their (greatly delayed) watches. @Creator, It has been over a month since the last official update. Can we please get a new, complete update, including a reasonable timeline for when you will be shipping. Also, please clarify what the final thickness will be as well as the battery life. Thanks... But in light of my comments..... They are extreme and just making a point. I expect the watch sometime this summer or at least them to start shipping this summer. I have nothing but confidence. When you are able to partner up with a company like flextronics that says a lot about your product. Obviously flextronics sees the potential and know more then what we know. We will get the watch no worries! Sorry for the terrible grammar posting on my iPhone in bed almost midnight. Some reason I don't see the errors when I type? Damn 5s's keyboard is not as accurate as past iPhones. Dude Eric a few words on a website means nothing? Just because there is a law that says you cannot murder someone does not mean people are not murdered everyday. To think that kickstarter holds some almighty power that man has not been able obtain to use for anything else (murder) is naïve. The created can just roll out and stuff us all. Kickstarter can send emails to him? There are not kickstarter police. He can be taken to court for breach of contract or whatever else your hearts content. But that does at no time guarantee you a watch. Best case scenario after a successful court challenge (and that's up for debate) is that we would receive our money back. Worse case scenario we get nothing. And those terms and conditions you posted mean nothing. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. @Eric Kwok: You don't have a choice in what you can or can't accept. There are no refunds or exchanges on Kickstarter projects. In fact, there's no guarantee that you will ever get the "reward" you signed up for. HI Richard, Exactly what i wanted to mention. The creator assumed we are accept the watch is thicker than 0.8mm? How is the battery? originally the battery life should able to last for 1 month. may be the creator will post a message said due technical issue. the battery can last for 3 days only something like that. We still have to accept it? Creator, please kindly let us know the solid answer ASAP. Many thanks! Eric has a point. One of the reasons for the delay was to ensure CST's watch was thinner than the 0.98 mm 1979 Delirium watch. Originally the CST watch was purported to be 0.80 mm thick. So, not to be whatever, but will the final product be 0.98mm? Tied with the thinnest watch ever produced? What's the story CST? I can't wait to see how the final phases turn out! Guys take the time to do it right! @Bryan: There was a comment by CST 4 days before: <url>#comment-7289300 So there's really no update, no timeline, no idea when we will have them in our hands. i'm not blame here. just wanna know the watch is now 0.98mm thin instead of 0.8mm? I don't get why people are comparing the CST-01 to the Moment smartwatch or iWatch. The CST-01 is, quite simply, a watch. That is its intended function, and that is exactly why I backed it and not some other watch with fancy features. Personally, I don't need or want a watch that does a bunch of other stuff. I want a watch that tells time and looks good, that's it. Not once have I regretted backing this watch. Anyone being negative about the CST, cut it out. Complaining will do nothing. The fact that you backed this project means that you thought it was worth it, which it is. It will come out when it comes out. yeah, alex, it's really unclear. you compare the mini cooper (the old, iconic one) with the tesla roadster. The one has its own spirit while the other is full of features and so on. But both do drive. So is the CST-01. It's not about the features, it is about the design and the record :D btw if you want you can change the mini with a mustang boss 429 if you like, it's the same deal. i only use old cars as example for the cst-01 because they're already legends where new ones have to write history @Alex Clark - im a bit unclear, could you explain how this would be in any way shape or form anything like the iWatch. besides telling the time i mean. I pledged this Jan of last year, now the iwatch will be out in less than 6 months is it really worth my 130 dollars when this has quickly been outdated before it was even produced Russell Brand, lol! Russell Brown. Russell Brand hit nail on the head. Very well said, thank you! Gahhh! I was expecting better news than "we've ordered the bands"...especially since a month ago you said we'd have a schedule for delivery of the bands in a week's time. What happened? Don't take my impatience the wrong way, I just really REALLY want your very cool product. :) I know we're getting there! Sorry, i see u posted a comment a few hours ago Give us an update please, i think its about time for one . When will we have these Custome rolling the bands are not going to be cheap or quick.... But it does usually mean a better product in the end. I hope this works out. Also having a guy at flextronics is pretty cool. We are in good hands it would seem. People like information, I know you guys are busy trying get everything done but why not just send out a quick mini update on what you guys have done in the last week or so. If nothing has changed and you are still waiting on a vendor, then just tell us that. We don't work hand in hand with you guys so we don't know what is going on. All people want is communication. Their are going to be delays that is fine as long as people know what is going on. I come on here at least once a day to see the new comments. I am excited about my watch and what you guys are doing. If I was not I would not have backed it. I want my watch but I am willing to wait to make sure it is right. It would just be nice to have a little more updates along the way. Almost a month gone and yet again no update. Am I surprised, no. Disappointed, yes. ...I can feel an update approaching. If not, then a serious thought to one should be given :) I'll continue to wait, as long as nothing else comparable beats this to market. I just filed a dispute with my bank over another Kickstarter vaporware, I don't want to have to do this with CST. "Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale. We will keep you posted once we receive the schedule." It's been almost a month. Received the schedule yet? LOL, this watch now is becoming the World's Longest Waiting Watch! THX to Long Ton-That ;-) You're so right... It took apple 3 years to make the first iPhone. The difference is that they didn't do it on kickstarter where everyone looks at every move. They did it in secret. And a company like apple and it still took 3 years!? So stuff takes a long time. I contest the iPhone was already done but it didn't meet Jobs criteria or make it past his quality control. Just like CST the watch is done but it's not meeting their criteria of the worlds thinnest. But it's done and if we all voted to have the thicker we would have a watch by now. So you see they are not going through anything that is out of the ordinary. The only problem is us being in the mix. Apple did it in secret so no one complaining about delays and stuff other then Jobs himself. But it was still in house. Everyone just seen the iPhone and everyone was like great! No one knew of the problems during the 3 years if anyone was fired during or after. I mean all the ins and outs that we are seeing no one knows but us. We are kind of like the employees of apple we all know about the ins and outs if the watch but not everyone else. They will just see it finished and day great! And buy them not knowing what we and the creators went through. To be apart of the process you really have to appreciate the process. Anything else and your just a consumer. Say Great and buy something from amazon or something. This is for those who appreciate the process and other that just want to help create the idea through their dollars. But there are those who think they bought something and are expecting delivery by birthdays, anniversaries, holidays, etc. that's just a waste of time. They are not making a watch to meet your standards or time frames but their own. Like I said I would be interested in updates purely because of interest. And look forward to the finished product and any other products they make afterwards. Not every company gets to partner up with flextronics (apple) unless they are legit and CST has partnered up with them. So obviously they see potential and are confident in the product. What else is needed? @Chuck - But Rome wasn't built in a day - what's your point? I think this is very close - certainly closer to some of projects I backed on IGG. They've just done a runner with everyone's money! Keep the faith - we're backing a development so it should give us some insight in how hard it is to get some of these projects going. Disneyland was built in 7 months. <url>"Our tooling for these bands is set to complete in about a week's time. At that point, they will be able to give us a schedule for the delivery of these at scale. We will keep you posted once we receive the schedule." Please..... We don't need another Super-update with videos, production photos etc etc. Just a quick paragraph letting us know where things are at, what's holding you up, what's the likely date for things to be all sorted out. Just 5 minutes for a few sentences each week. Please? Two and a half weeks since the "hopefully in a few weeks" update. Any news regarding estimated delivery date? I'm afraid of one thing : CST will ship their watches during Summer holidays here in France (July or August) and nobody here at home to receive the packet... @Frederick, sure. Let's all be patient. Go out and enjoy life. Labor day is coming up. Columbus day, Halloween, Turkey day, black Friday, Christmas and New Year. Yea... So how long till we get the watch? Next year? And obviously sherlock, this is not Amazon. I wish it was thought because their return/refund policy is fucking fantastic. CST Team, In the last update (a little under 3 weeks ago), you stated to you would wrap up in a matter of weeks. Can you please provide a status update? Given how close it was, we shouldn't have to wait this long between updates. At this point, I would request short weekly updates until the rewards ship. Thank you. Thanks for the input there Bob. CST is a failure. ? Please stop asking refunds... This is not Amazone, this is Kickstarter. This is not a smart watch with a thicknes of 10 mm nor weights a 68 gram... This is a design watch. A unique project. If you think it is going to slow, that you can do it better, feel free to start a KS campaign. Meanwhile, just relax, enjoy the WC2014 (Happy Belgium is still playing), the sun and the bbq. And be happy they are not rushing so they can send a crappy finished watch. Just because some people thought they were buying at Macey's. holy GD I want this dang watch! Ummm. This watch is way too late for me to get excited for. Smart Watches coming out and def picking up moto 360. Um, Lu, check the last update, 13 days ago, that isnt that long ago. I dont think the project has failed in 13 days The project start like february and now like what July 2014, what the hell took you guy so long to make the damn watch, I tired of waiting and trolling around. See what Google did in Google I/O, a god damn smart watch and I am wonder should I get my refund to buy Moto 360 than this the most longest waiting watch ever in my life. Can we please get an update on how things are going? Thanks. please update if your project has failed. Otherwise when could I expect my watch? anyone who thinks the moment watch will actually happen is delusional I wonder how the tooling of the bands went... The moment Vs CST? Exactly what do you want, two different worlds people, read the original goal "worlds thinest watch" that's it! As well as backing CST I also backed "Glance" which is prefect for when I wear my other watches unfortunately they won't make the cut off date for funding. Now if CST could incorporate the glance smarts... WOW. Just backed the moment smart watch! Wait and see which one will arrive first at my door! That ML watch looks very cool, but thats mainly due to the computer renderings. Specifically the quoted screen res looks way lower that the renders displayed. I wish them well but due to the complexity of their pitch I'd be very surprised if its not incredibly late. I backed Pebble and that was pretty simple in comparison to what they aiming for with the Moment watch. Just saying be wary of a computer rendering, at least CST had a demonstrable prototype Where is my watch ? Hey everyone Dennis T you just cost me $188.00 you had to post that link for the new watch. And I could not pass it up. Thanks for the heads up I hope they can really make this I will be watching it closely. this will be my third Kickstarter watch LOL, this watch now is becoming the World's Longest Waiting Watch Something as simple as a button and this moment gag is never going to happen at least by these people. They are essential in moving the ball forward and getting people to do more and think outside the box. But something as complex as the moment looks does not seem feasible. I mean we are growing into a world where few things are standard everything is proprietary and apple only works with apple and windows only works with windows. While they all use standard wifi and Bluetooth there is sill a level of compatibility that is not achieved with standards. Something like the moment will be weighed down due to the standards. I am looking forward to what apple has to offer. Jobs said it himself they may not be the first to the party but when they do arrive they have done it better. He didn't say that quote exactly but he basically said that. They just do stuff better and I hope Cook does not mess it up. We don't need 5 different watches just one really good one. We don't need two different screens sizes just one if people want a smaller screen buy a 5s. There is strength when you make some thing really good rather then many things ok. Yea that's what I meant the button thingy. You meant Pressy right ? @Big Jeffc "Look at pushy. Something as easy as that has been pushed back over and over due to software. And that's just a button! " Nope. The delay had nothing to do with software. I am a backer (one of the first 300), believe me, I know :) I feel like a chump... It has been so long, similar but better watches are hitting the market and approach on the near horizon. I don't even want it anymore, at this point if it ever shows up it will likely be a gift or wind up on eBay. :/ Pretty major letdown IMO. I mean how many years has apple been working on their watch..... Publicly. Then how mate years has that been on the drawling board before it was even a twinkle on anyone's eye? And they have to be the most capable to build something like the moment. If it were them I would say maybe. But this is being made by bob from down the street with no track record to my knowledge of making anything similar to what they are claiming. Hell I wouldn't be surprised if it never makes it to kickstarter. Making a watch at .9 mm thickness just showing numbers as we all should know is hard enough. The moment is throwing everything but the kitchen sink int a watch of the same thickness? And you think that's possible? Maybe in a few more years maybe in a few more more years. I believe it's possible but I don't think we are there yet. And while I think the moment might move us closer to that it's not going to be what it claims. Worthy of backing if you want to move the ball down field but please don't expect any touchdowns. The moment will never happen. Look at it it's way too complex. I bet that if by chance and I mean very small chance that thing actually gets built it will be full of problems. You have to understand that even if they built exactly what they are showing you. That's only half the equation. The software will be equally as hard if not harder and that will be their Achilles heal. Look at pushy. Something as easy as that has been pushed back over and over due to software. And that's just a button! This thing seems to be able to do everything by the pictures. Anyone thinking the moment will ever be built should take a moment and thing about the process that we are in now. CST is making the worlds thinnest watch that just shows the time. This moment is claiming the same thickness and it's seems to do everything just short of wiping your @$$. Yea good luck with backing that. For me it would be just to follow the process out of pure interest. Nothing more would be expected if I were to back it. That watch doesnt interest me. I dont need/want a smartwatch and i prefer the big numbers of cst Look here you can be a backer of the thinnest watch in the world (NO CEST-01): <url>"outsider" for a smart watch.... I have a Pebble and it is a nice watch, but next time I buy a smart watch if will be from Google, Motorola or Samsung (their next gen). The CST-01 will just be for the look, and I probably wear it once a week , no more. this is becoming desperate... @Jan de Vries I don't think exaggerating the delay helps anyone – it's 9 months late. So far. @Jan de Vries - but that watch won't be ready to go the moment the Kickstarter drops anyway. Assume the exact same time table, which is probably aggressive, and you're looking at a competitor launching a year or two later. How can I ask a full refund of my money? this is coming absourd at the point I dont really want it now This happens when you are one year late: <url>"matter of weeks" for several months now. I sure as hell hope nothing's wrong with my watch once I receive it, whenever that happens. I for one am still looking forward to my watch. None of my friends or family have seen or commented on anything like this, so it will still be "neat" to them. I've no need for a "smart" watch, so I'll patiently wait for a proper watch to be done, and appreciate the update! Production issues aside - has there ever been any chat about having a Kickstarter only band colour? I know I ordered the white, but it sounds like all the colours will be available for general retail once this moves into mass production. So, is there any sort of "special edition" we can order that says "hey, I was a Kickstarter backer"? 'Cause that would be nice. In December I got tired of waiting so I bought a Pebble. The Pebble has become essential to my daily way of doing things that I'll probably never wear the CST-01. So, for that reason I'll have to give it as a gift. +1 Jeffrey I agree, don't waste time on updates (but thx for #24 :D ) and get it done! Make a watch of which you can be proud of! If you can say: "That's the best we could do and nobody could make it better" then we will respect that and wear the watches with proud! So go on, do your fantastic work! This is ridiculous. The kickstarter campaign should not have started till they had a working prototype ready to go into production. I don't think we will ever see these watches. I must admit I'm becoming concerned about this project now. It really is only a matter of time before the CST-01 is eclipsed, and now production is stalled indefinitely until the band supplier can find a way around their technical problems, or, eventually, another supplier can supply bands thin enough. This is not good. I am not so much worried about updates I mean honestly there may not be anything to report. I mean what do you want them to say? "Everything is done still waiting on new bands" , " I had two bowls of cereal this morning" I mean what I honestly do worry about that I didn't think about before is if someone comes out with the same watch. If another company rips off the idea and puts them out. That would essentially mean CST unless they come up with some real innovative stuff and is able to get it out there, would cease to exists. I mean to us this is a big deal and we are in the know. But to Paul next door he has no idea about this watch. So if he's sitting at home one day and a commercial comes on with E ink selling this same idea which CST originate and deserves his money and he goes out and buys it even if it is an inferior product. He has no idea about CST and cannot do a comparison because there is no CST out there yet. Basically if someone comes out to the market first then this may be our only product from CST. That is the true disparity not updates. I have a boss who gives me work all day and then wants a report on what I am working on even though he knows what I am working in because he gave it to me. This is the same here we know they have basically everything done and they have a band issue. What else is there to report? I mean honestly I don't think there should be any more updates unless they say "product done we are shipping" or maybe "we solved the issue and will be shipping soon" then another product done shipping soon update. But I mean you guys want updates just for the sake of updates someone said just to prove they are alive? That is meaningless and gets us no closer to the watch. That is an issue you have as a person that you need to deal with. It is not CST's problem. I mean the updates have been so detailed there is not much to update. Just settle down and hope for, pray for, wish for, whatever you want to do for their problems to be solved and solved fast. @VictorCheung +1. It's unsettling how few updates we're given considering the 16 month project length. And frankly it's a little insulting to not get updates more frequently when it's been clear by the comments for the last year or more that we all want them. I'm sure that a project of this scale keeps you guys plenty busy, but it's a little strange that you can't take even an hour once a week to update the people who gave you $1,026,292 and made your vision for CST01 a reality. We've been calling for more updates for months now, if even to know that you are still alive. PLEASE UPDATE US! @Kippy, according to update #14 (Oct 2013), the Creators left their jobs at IDEO a couple months after the Kickstarter was fully funded. <url>"but at this point I see no reason for a more frequent update", but "but at this point I see no reason for not having a more frequent update". I agree with Russell Johnson. And would like to express my increasing frustration about the lack of updates. Yes the creators have done a great job in terms of details in most of their updates, and their pursue of the highest quality is admirable. But I'm not the biggest fan in terms of frequency and responsiveness. More than 2 weeks ago it was realized that the bands are not thin enough (with the first failing bands received in March), a survey was sent and a decision was quickly made in a day that it's going to be another delay. Until now there is not a single word about if an alternative source is considered/found or more batches from the same source is being evaluated -- these don't seem to be something needing more than 2 weeks to figure out. There is also no update from Twitter or Facebook, and Google+ is not even found. We all understand delay is inevitable for this project with those technical difficulties and uncertainties, but at this point I see no reason for a more frequent update. It's not like you have to redesign the whole thing and go through multiple verification steps again to have something to report, and even if that's the case, there is not a single mentioning so far. Please pardon me for sounding harsh, or not understanding the difficulty the creators are facing, but it might be the very fact that I wasn't updated enough to see this in the first place. @Russell Johnson 2+ @Russell Johnson 1+ @Creator - eagerly awaiting an update! If you're unable to source bands within a particular time-frame, will you approve the first set (those not in tolerance)? If so, what time frame will you allow yourselves? Thanks. I guess that if they haven't yet got samples from the next batch of watch bands then there's nothing for them to say. Everything is stalled until bands arrive that are thinner than a watch of the past which was too weak to wear, and thicker at the edges. If only they could post a comment now and then... Unlike Pressy, CST clock is hi-tech with much custom components. It's not easy to produce that, to copy is hard too. I don't think there would be a much cheaper and still quality copy. E-Ink is trying to hit smart-watches market, that is completely different product. I like CST are just clock, nothing else. I am more worried about CST then the watch so much. I mean of course I want the watch that's the hook. But we tend to forget that we kickstarted a company as well and we will not have fully succeeded if they failed to continue to be a company with the impending copy cats. We should not only want a watch but many more to come. I hope they solve the issue soon and can really make a splash! Will there be a Watch ? It looks like 1Y delay will come true soon... :( So it is delay again for another month? /sigh I lost all faith for this watch. Probably my last Kickstarter. Everyone should learn from Stock Wallet. Hopefully, if it takes much longer to get sub-1mm watch bands, CST will do a first production run using the 1.1mm bands. Seems fair -- those that wish to wait so that they can feel good about having the slimmest watch ever can wait, and the rest of us who'd love to have the CST-01 now, whilst it's still a novelty, can have it now. Though I think the project is cool still — I rather have an $130 than the watch at this point. I'm bored of the idea and finally having the watch won't feel any less of a waste. Yea it seems that if this don't drop soon then it will be forgotten. E-ink has I am sure money to advertise and CST may not at least nationwide. CST will have to be carried by news stories to let people know they have a watch out. Where as E-ink will be able to get to the masses. For me it don't matter but for CST it might be important to get these watches out and make a splash because if you don't this may be the first and last time you get to make the watch. I hope it works out. The longer we wait, the greater chance that a competitor will make it to market: <url>"CST-01" watch from CHINA! Like the "Pressy" Projekt right here from Kickstarter... Kickstarter 27$, China (MiKey) less than $1... and the china version is realy good ;-) So... lets wait a few more month.... :-I <url>"kickstarted" a idea. When you check kickstarter they are called "pledges" not "orders". You backed an idea. The purpose of kickstarter is crowd sourcing the funding of ideas rather then the creator following the traditional funding routes banks, investors, venture capitalist, etc. So by you coming to kickstart to buy something for Christmas you have either been mislead by someone or you misunderstood yourself the purpose of kickstarter. I cannot believe this far into this project the idea of kickstarter still needs to be explained to people. I hope that this serves as a lesson to some of you guys and back other projects not because of but in spite of. I supposed to bought this watch for X'mas gift last year. I'm surprised, i may not able to get it before another X'mas. And I even don't know what is the progress. Disappointed. I am just stoked for the next update. I mean what new challenges do they face? Anything new? With the expanded time is there going to be better features or more features? Like it's the next episode in your favorite series! I say sell the bands that are thicker. Maybe laser engrave names, designs, etc. I would rock out a band like that plain no insert. I would buy one for my kids they would love it! I mean there is a single issue left to solve I am sure with the other hours of the day waiting on these new bands to come in that meet specs. There can be some out of the box thinking or out of the box tinkering. Because after this you guys cannot be done making watches??? There has to be other new things ideas and products. Your going to be a company now! I am excited and cannot wait to see what's next. It's always something low tech that trips you up. Without criticizing, I do wonder if in retrospect, the creators would have just stayed with the stainless steel band. Having the band 'finished' early seems to have tempted them to make changes to it. On the other hand, perhaps the lighter band is necessary now for the stability of the charging station. It's a really interesting case to look at, and I hope that a month or two after the project wraps, the team gives us a postmortem in the style of the major status updates! Agree with Mr.Shane ,,, the should tell us what is going on ?! I think what would really be helpful to Backers if possible would be a constant updating timeline for the Metal bands at this point. every few days give us an update whether in the comments or micro flash, just so we can see that things are moving. If the supplier comes back with an ETA for the next sample, tell us If the circuit boards finish printing/assembling Tell us if your watch accidentally rips a hole in the time space continuum Tell us. I think you've done so well and it must be frustrating for you to inform us of the delays, as much as it is for us to hear them, but keeping us as fully in the loop as possible (obviously some processes are 'trade secrets' or whatever) would probably go a really long way to re-assuring some of the backers. Its A shame for me personally as i am going to be travelling the world from about jan-march time, so any delay really inhibits my use of the watch before i go, so i am quite disappointed my time to show off is super limited, but I still have faith you'll deliver this. I want my money back. You can be disappointed, you can be impatient. But all these people saying it's a failure have probably never worked in the industry. Big projects are delayed all the time, and I'm talking about a known product with known technologies. Here we have a small team, with probably not the most experience in the world, even if they're good. The product is new, with high end technology. It's R&D !! Sure I agree that they could communicate a little bit more, or give the gant chart updated more often. But in the end, they achieved to mass product a device that is awesome, has huge constraints, and that few of the complainers would have achieved. Come on guys, be respectful to their hard work and dedication. They deserve it. It's not just "the thinnest watch in the world". It's the thinnest watch, waterproof, flexible, with great battery life. It's not a galaxy gear or peble watch ! I am extremely disappointed by the terrible management of this project. It was initially funded on February 2013 and to be shipped on September 2013 which is a 7 month lead time. It has now gone 16 months and we still haven't received our product. Instead all we get from you is constant delays and excuses. Surely the metal band should have been one of the first things to complete. It's beyond me how it has taken you well over a year and not completed what should have been one of the more simpler parts of the product. I understand that when we back a project on Kickstarter delays are often inevitable, but it has now become a joke the length it is taking to complete your product. Given the level of detail provided all throughout this process I am glad to see that CST is still planning to achieve the thinnest possible watch. If there had been an ongoing lack of information then this choice may have struck some as strange. Involving your investors in the decision to truck ahead or go with what you have was brilliant, and speaks to the fact that you have your investors at the forefront of your considerations. Good on you guys, and I look forward to receiving my watch whenever it is that you feel it meets your standards. So what happens after a few more months and they still can't meet the thickness they want, wait more months. How many months is unacceptable. I'm not willing to wait 2 years over due. Chasing a specification that may not be attainable within the monetary constraints is bad decision making. If it is close, go with it and finish the product. At this rate we'll never get the Worlds Thinnest Watch because the specifications were too hard to achieve. If it gets too thin, will it break after 10 times wearing it? It needs to be robust enough to take daily abuse. I don't want a watch I have to baby. It doesn't have to be .8 MM thick. I am feeling like you are taking advantage of the funders patience. Do you really plan on producing this produce? When 2020? This project has only one USP: the worlds thinnest watch. For CST to find out that this spec is hard to meet after more than a year of R&D baffles me. I mean, isnt this the core the entire project revolved around in the first place? You started out with this! This user's account has been deleted. The journey might take a bit longer and the delays may cause a few more sleepless nights, but I have no doubt that the tolerance specifications can and will be met. The detailed updates have been great as well! For those of you who are looking for a watch to tide you over in the meantime, take a look at the Piaget 900p. The newest record-holder for world's thinnest mechanical wristwatch is a fantastic feat of engineering. Considering the vast gap in resources available to Piaget (owned by the publicly-traded Richemont) versus the Kickstarter-funded team at CST, I am very impressed with CST's efforts thus far. I missed my chance to vote but was glad to see that the community at large feels the same way i do. I want to see the full vision realized, even if that means waiting a few more months. Anyone who is spinning doom and gloom tales of another year wait is crazy. Now that all the components are coming together with the band and final assembly being the only things to iron out this should take a few more months at most. Worst case would be that there is no suitable manufacturer for the bands and we simply have to accept a slightly thicker watch. Big thanks to the CST team for keeping us updated and diligently working towards achieving the original goal! @Michael, It's only been 15 months since the project ended and only eight since the original estimated delivery date. Do we have our watches yet? No, but it's still a long ways off from "over three years". It's still a long way from even being two years. I can't believe how many people are complaining about the delays and trying to get a refund. When the survey came up asking if we'd rather have the slightly thicker watch and get it sooner I picked to get it sooner. It wasn't because I was impatient, it was because the small difference in thickness was insignificant and I simply didn't care. Am I upset that I'll have to wait longer? Sure but I backed this project knowing it was a new product using relatively new technology. I expected delays, I expected to have to wait, I expected problems. My suggestion, don't back projects if you can't expect the same. Don't pledge your money if you're not willing to see a project to the end. Remember, you all thought this project was worth your money. You wanted to help CST make their product a reality and as a reward for doing so you are going to get one of the first watches they make before the general public can get one. @Jeffrey, Couldn't agree more with everything you said. Honestly I am sure the creators have had many more set backs then we will ever know. So there will still be stuff I won't know until I try it myself. I mean little stuff like because they stayed a little later one night they missed their bus or caught a couple extra lights going home and missed their kids being tucked in at night. Or they had to be at flextronics for a hard deadline and missed their kids school trip. Or they are fighting with their significant others because they spend no time together. Hell I fight with my wife about much less. I mean there is so much more to making this watch then just making the watch. I would hope if I pursued something like this nothing fell on a day I had to pick between my kids and my idea. Or fighting with my wife because she cannot see 10 miles down the road just what's happening right before her. I would and will never know unless I try it myself. And stuff like that is not going to be found in an update. But that is always going to be there. Come one guys there are real people behind this project and we are loosing sight of this. Think about this if we all were not backers and CST did this the conventional way it would still take as long?? If anyone is familiar with the Call of Duty franchise they now have added a 3rd developer. That means each developer will get 3 years to release a game. But since they have 3 developers working on a graduated schedule the consumer gets a new game every year. Not knowing that it took 3 years to make it. And getting a new game every year any. That's the inside baseball behind the scenes of that business. Well we are taking apart of the same "process" by being backers to kickstart an idea. We did not order anything. Kickstarting is not for everyone as we all can see. Some people came here to order stuff. Some people came here with expectations preformed and others took what they were told by the creators as gospel and built themselves up to be let down. Kickstarting a project is a novel idea of providing conventional funding for an idea in a unconventional way. You guys wanting your money back have totally lost sense of the entire purpose. Look sometimes there are losers we all cannot win, pass the test, get a trophy. We are all losing right now. But we have not lost. I suspect some of you cannot take loss very well. Ask the creators about loss they have lost a lot since taking on this project. Personally and in business. And they keep on trucking. If the creators were anything like those who wanted their money back we all would be out of out money and a watch. Be grateful the creators are cut from a different cloth and are better then the average person and not easily swayed into giving in. I suggest for those who cannot handle the loss just forget about it. Write it off chalk it up and go on about your life. When you get your watch one day you will be surprised and happy. For those like me glued to the updates, pictures, wins, losses I will keep plugged in. Those like me who may be inspired in taking a chance and do something similar. I will know what to expect in people wanting their money and complaining about this and that. I mean obviously if your reading this right now and your upset then this may not be your cup of tea. Kickstarter may not be a website you should ever frequent again. If your reading this and agreeing or reading this and coming around to a new understanding and maybe seeing the light. You have come to the right place and hope you frequent many other ideas. I read carefully your update, and I'm sorry to say that it's unclear. How long do you estimate the additional delay ? When and where are you going to find another supplier ? Regarding your survey, the choice was between "some delay" (?) and "some more delay" (??), this isn't really fair. I would have voted for a third option, refund. Whoever voted for the thin band instead of getting this out sooner have paved the way for another year's wait. I wish there was a 3rd option in the survey - "Would you like your money back?" OMG. Over 3 years and counting. You have soured my interest on kickstarter. Rather have my money back then wait. Who cares now about worlds thinnest watch, the technology is now pebble etc. worst retail experience ever! You guys are a joke. I just want out! I have to also wonder about any kind of updated ETA on things, Where are we at guys? Poor decision friends, this will cost us another year of false hope and poor follow up from team cst. Cst= pipe dream. "The worlds thinnest watch except for some stupid, brittle one from the 70s that no one could wear" worked fine for me. Sigh. As if people were going to call you out and google it. I dont remember voting @Dave and Jerry You should hold on to those thicker bands and maybe message some of us later on down the line. I would be interested in buying one of the thicker ones maybe use paypal for the transaction. Don't waste the bands! Hell I would buy the band without the display I bet it would look pretty cool. Maybe you could machine some sort of pattern or holes into them to make them loo more pleasing I don't know. But don't waste those bands dudes! Now that the decision to fix the band has been taken from the survey, do you have an estimated date of completion for the first watch? Do you think that an extra month from today is enough? I am asking for a date of completion, not arrival at my door. I understand that there are other factors that will delay the arrival such as manufacturing rate (a previous message estimated at 1000 watches per day), pledge time (you mention that First pledge, First Served), destination (Non North-American deliveries are likely to take longer), should the first lucky ones expect their watches by September 2014 and the last by December 2014? Alright now this means there should be less complainers! 2 to 1 there should be plenty of patience to go around. Pretty fast response from the creators. Maybe this may be a sign of more frequent updates to quell the other 800 some people who want it now? I only want this to come before the Moto 360 otherwise I'll never get to wear it. My main concern is reliability. If a little thicker is more reliable the I like that. The waiting is no big deal. I didn't vote because I want to vote For reliability. We waited for this long, might as well wait a couple of more for the product that they envisioned. But yeah, more frequent smaller updates might be better than a monthly long update. Either way, just please provide more feedback at his stage. Simple quick one-liners in this comments section would suffice. Take your time, we waited so long that it already doesn't really matter to wait longer .You want to make the thinnest watch? So make it and fulfill your dreams! I personally guess that it will be a nice Christmas gift for my self ;) I agree the opinion that: I back this project because it's the "WORLD's THINEST", if not, refund, or say the project is failed. Sure if 0.98mm still the world thinest, that's OK. If 0.98mm still be the world thinest, I can accept...Or, i perfer wait for longer time. Althought these 2 options already means the project not succesful - I don't want to mention "failed"... I didn't vote because I'll be happy either way when I receive the watch. If making the watch thinner means a long delay (which is my guess, since CST will have to find a new supplier), then I'd rather get a thicker watch. If the delivery time for either implementation is similar, then I would rather get the thinner watch (at about the same delivery time). I voted to send it now lol. Also someone posted earlier about what they "ordered" lol I don't know if this person knows it or not but they didn't order anything. They backed a idea. When they paid kickstarter they didn't even have this finished product yet. It was still a prototype I believe. If you guys came to kickstarter to order something you came to the wrong place. Should have gone to amazon and "ordered" something there. It just seems to be that people totally forgot the shoe point behind kickstarter. We the people fund an idea. We by ourselves cannot fund this person but together we can find anything that comes to ones mind. Maybe this will be a lesson to how the real world works to some people. Instant gratification nation. Calm down not having this watch is not going to stop you guys from knowing the time. It's not going to turn the clock back or make time pass slower. It's just going to tell time. It is not something we cannot do without. Man I cannot believe there are this many people upset about this. I counted like 5 to 1 not including me that was upset in one form or another about this. You have people asking for more charts lol like they are their employer or something. Like they are a boss or something. When it comes down to it only a few thousand people "us" could be upset but do you think the masses who are not backers will ever know or care. As long as when they "order" the watch it comes then what do they care about the process. We are participating in the process we didn't order anything. I enjoy the process and when it's over I might even miss the updates and the growth of the project not unlike my own children. In a sense I might even be more upset when I get the watch because it will be over. But you guys all have to have a reality check and wake up to what this is. IT IS NOT AMAZON ITS KICKSTARTER!?!?!? We are backers! The CST team have done a great job so far. Sure, dead lines have been missed, but that has come with advancements to the design (such as having a PVD finish and a material upgrade to a titanium alloy) which in my opinion make the delays more than acceptable. I'm sure that if they wanted they could have released a slightly more refined version of the prototype to us, but it would have probably been massively flawed. They're simply trying to manufacture the best quality product they can. Also, let's be fair, this is a manufacturer/supplier problem and to a certain extent out of their hands. I voted to keep to their guns and hold out for the desired tolerance. I helped fund this watch not only because I thought the design was great, but because of the technical achievement of have a watch that is less than 1mm thick. Of the course this is just my 2 cents worth. If it's the fatter version and you tell someone it's the world's thinnest watch, is that person going to doubt you and google it? Ok, so it would be the worlds thinnest watch you can wear without breaking, i can live with that. I backed this for the look and uniqueness, not the gimmick of being the worlds thinnest watch. An updated gantt chart with the revised schedule, please. Thinner. Still I am not impressed by this new delay. While I do min waiting, I also really liked the idea with "The world's thinnest watch" (with no "that is xyz"). As previous posters, the extent of the delay a thinner watch would require is what would give me a good base for my decision. But since I think there would be 8-12 weeks AT LEAST, from now to shipping, I would rather hang in here for a truly "The world's thinnest watch". I'm voting on waiting. @CST: You're doing a GREAT job, and have done so from the very beginning, your updates comes right when I start to think about "what is HAPPENING with this?!". Keep up the awesome work, and remember, you will never be able to satisfy ALL of your customers, no matter how hard you try! I like the idea of the survey...ask the masses. Trouble is, a 100% of people won't choose the same answer, which mean that a certain % won't get what they want. Dare I say that a certain percentage may not even see the update and not make a choice? I have not looked at the survey yet, but I hope to see a set of options that let's people choose if THEY want a thicker band sooner, or wait for what they ACTUALLY ORDERED. Person specific requirements. Give the individual backer what they want! I commented earlier about the frequency of updates, within extreme limitations, I would wait still for the original spec'd product, just drop us a update every couple weeks so we know what's going on. I feels for CST, trying to please everyone. Please the individual instead, and give them not what they ordered all that time back if that's what they want. Give everyone else who are happy to wait, what they ordered originally!! Happy dayz!! Cst, please just send the damn watch, it is already a year older and so am I ... or you would have asked much earlier. No professional would as 7,658 backers what they want, becouse thousends of backers become happy and thousends not.... and thats the debt of the other backers... !? Not good. I understand the frustration and the unanswered questions we are human and we all have them. But I don't think it's much of a big deal personally. Really everyone take out a ruler and look at 1 mm and then imagine it being either on one side of the mm or the other. Is that really a deal breaker? Lol that is fine with me it's still going to look like a bad @$$ watch and it's still going to work the same and look the same. I bet with the difference between the thickness they don't even have to change anything with the charging base. It is probably still within tolerance. Like I said before I am fine with the thickness ship mine out when it's ready no need to wait for .15. I hope you achieve it eventually and I hope my contribution helped you to do that. That is what I kickstarted the project to begins with not just to receive a product but to actually kickstart an idea that I thought was worth my money. The fact I am getting a watch out of the deal is icing on the cake. Mm mm I like chocolate icing! So guys what are your decisions? We don't get to see the survey so let's put it on here. Who says now thicker or later thinner? I say now thicker because I was looking at what 1.1mm and that's plenty thin? I mean you do want a somewhat durable watch right? Smaller then a mm is really really thin. I don't think 1.1 and .98 is a visible difference anyway. I mean are you going to have someone pull out a ruler and check? 1.1 is fine in my book and if that's what you guys have pack mine up and ship one to me please! Hi CST, If you know, how much does the slightly thicker band affect the overall weight of the watch? reach your goals and produce the product you want to. this is kickstarter and issues come up that cause delays. you guys have had consistent communication and updates that share a wealth of information so i voted do what you need to do and i will wait. Before I complete the survey whether I want my watch soon but thicker or thin but later, it would be nice to know whether you have an idea of the delay that could occur. If you can make it thinner, but the delay is 3 weeks, I am willing to wait, however if you expect a 3 months delay then I'll take the thicker version. Also you do not mention if there is any other delay in view. I don't want to choose thick hoping to my watch quickly, just to see another delay anyway due to something else. Like I and a lot of others people have kept mentioning, you should better manage information and expectation. Here we have another memo explaining delays AFTER the latest expected delivery date. That kind of attitude is really killing all the goodwill we may have toward the project. A short message every 2 weeks should not strain you too much. It is terrible.... I prefer you continue AND get the watches out sooner.. I DO care about waiting. The requested survey needs a third entry. One entry is "get them out sooner, fatter is okay" while the other is "I don't care about the wait, make them thin". I would prefer to have as a selection: "I don't care about the wait, or the thickness, take as long as necessary to make a good product." "Since we are fast approaching a first ship out, we will post shorter, more pointed, and frequent updates" I'm totally okay with shorter updates... if we were actually getting them. I know the tone of a lot of our comments is pretty impatient, but most of us also recognize that it's a pretty unique thing CST is doing and it's requiring a lot of hard work. We'd just like somebody to poke their head up now and then and say "we're making progress!" These were supposed to start shipping the third or fourth week of May - it is now the FIFTH week of May and not even the courtesy of an updating stating "sorry, another delay". Seriously people, it only takes a minute to write a quick note to us. I'm excited about getting this watch, but as Neil said, my excitement about getting it in May has dwindled considerably. My excitement of receiving the marvellous watch by the end of May has vastly dwindled. Though I am still stoked by the watch itself, and looking forward to finally wearing it....its only overshadowed by the fact that I don't know when this may be. Last update was 19 days ago, brilliantly detailed as always, but I think that given as the project is tantalisingly close to completion, and give the notable steps achieved in the last update, I think it would be fair so say that most of us backers thought we would have at least a fortnightly update, perhaps even weekly. Its the not knowing that gets to people. Post an update saying we are here still, over coming X,Y and Z, and due to the same, we are a week behind our suggested date of ???? from our last update. CST, it is time for an update please. Even if it is vague. @Dennis: that would tally up quite well, given their production runs should see a few thousand a month, new pre-orders would hit the back of the list, and take time. From the Pre-Order Homepage: "Based on our most recent estimates, new pre-orders should be fulfilled in early summer, 2014" LOL waiting waiting waiting... all the time. I don't think we'll be disappointed with the watch. Going back and watching the videos gets my excitement going again, and reading what they've accomplished to date is impressive. Let's hope no news is good news, every second it's getting closer to our wrists. It's kind of long. Hope that after all this time, I will not be disappointed by the watch. @creator - please - we know your working hard but "It's about time" for an update. uggg I was really hoping to have this watch in time for my husband and I's anniversary last year. Then I was hoping for Christmas, then Valentine's Day... I wonder if there is any chance I'll get it by Father's Day or maybe at least his mid-July birthday? @ Mark I don't know if we get production watches we may be the best testers for what production should look like. It maybe we get had made ones. Or maybe they as already in production. What may be the industry standard or our standard may not be theirs. I mean they send pictures and videos of stuff being made. So what are they pre production, test models, mass production? I mean I don't know if going into production can be clearly defined for a kickstarter project. I trust that they are making the watches and we will get them as they make them. @leslie if you have an I iPhone I could tell you I know no other way lol. But when you click on the project you should see a blue button at the bottom that says something like view pledge. Then when you click on it, it should show your number there. just curious , how did you @Jeffrey Venziale found out which number of backer you are?? Wish the last update included some more schedule details... They haven't started production yet (I'm sure they'll tell us when they have – I can't imagine they'd forget :-) so best wait until production is under way before expecting them to land on your doormat ;-) when sent to mexico?? We may not get every detail from them as to yields but hey let's crowd source out own info. If everyone updates everyone else on here what they heard and know to be true we may figure it out better. Hey let's not forget the whole concept of kickstarter and use it to our advantage! Well I am number 606 on the list so I should be in the first 1000 shipment. I don't know that they are going to ship them like that but I'll be sure to post when I get mine. I think I remember them saying they may give us tracking numbers I am not sure but if they do I'll update in that as well. If you know I am 606 and you know your number it might help you get an idea of where they are at and how close you guys are......... I wonder who #1 is??? "Number 1 raise your hand!" Im wondering if maybe they are holding back to tell us all that they are shipped that'd be sweet Hey guys, hope everything is going well. Any news on how the assembly process is going? If anything has come up that will cause further delays then we would like to hear about it. I personally understand that going from prototype to mass production is crazy hard so the delays don't bother me, but now that we are in the estimated window for start of delivery it would be great to hear that watches are starting to come together. I would like to hear about your daily yield as you get the assembly process tuned in. Please do not wait until the shipping date to tell us that you are delayed once again. Hope to hear the watch will start shipping soon @Jussi - While i agree, i guess the omission of confirmation of status could be seen as indicative of future news of delays; which while i fully understand given the nature of the project, will be taken by some as a form of deception. I guess just a simple "so far so good, all on track" is what a lot of us would be looking for here. Like a said: ROBERT SORRY IF I OFFENDED YOU. I'M NOT ACUSIN ANY BODY OF ANYTHING. Bearing in mind that this update didn't show anything that has gone wrong since the last update, but instead showed things that have caused delays previously now being sorted (encapsulation machine, wrist band, battery attachment), there is no obvious reason to assume otherwise than that the last ETA is still current. Which would mean we may actually see the first production watches rolling off the line in the next couple of weeks of so! i have to admit, i wouldn't have minded an ETA update... +1 Robert @Eduardo, Scam? Seriously? If that's what you really think then Kickstarter may not be the place for you. CST has been very upfront about what's been going on and have given us the most detailed schedules they can on when they hope to have things shipped out. Never once have they guaranteed anything in regards to the dates they announce. You're complaining that the ETAs they give aren't correct but the very acronym you're using means "Estimated Time Of Arrival". It's an estimate, not a promise and not a guarantee. This is a new product which means issues will come up that change the schedule and change the ETA. The updates are great but are they aware of the the technological hurdle they are attempting . It see ms to me they didn't plan ahead. I may be wrong. Keep sending your updates but don't give us a dateline you can keep. I'm very disappointed and I hope not but it starting to look more like a scam every date. Sorry if I offended you but this is what my thoughts are. Thanks for the update. I don't think many are aware just what a technological hurdle you are attempting. All this on a 1.1M budget. I say...INCREDIBLE. I knew this from the start. I have funded many other projects and most have been on time. The ones that take the longest are these game changers on shoestring budgets. Here's to the innovative spirit of CST and Kickstarter! Hey fellas, The sizing option--- is it too late to make another change? My desire to gift the watch is no longer a factor due to delays. May I resize my watch back to MEDIUM as it was from the start? Thanks! Just a random thought.... The watch looks effectively like a bangle, though it does tell time. For those who like symmetry and who are considering the style aspect of things, if CST were to make a generic non watch bangle to match the various CST-01 styles, they might find there is a market for them.... Or maybe I am in my own little world... A ring lol great idea maybe not for those with trouble seeing but it would be interesting. So if CST-01 is the worlds thinnest watch then..... EST-01 would would the worlds fastest watch (atomic clock maybe?) have it sync with it rather then being and actual atomic clock. PST-01 and so on. CST-02 should be a ring. @Long — slightly behind the *revised schedule, is what they were referring to. Nine months behind the originally estimated schedule. Hey guys just curious, based on latest update, if the molding issues were fixed and the plastic parts received (based on dates given in update)? Thanks! I was going to leave a comment, but then I changed my mind, and deleted it, then wrote this. TL;DR: We are slightly behind schedule. (LOL) - Just a year slightly behind schedule I say EST-01 because I am on the east coast in Philly lol. I am totally down with a EST-01 watch. Maybe they will make different models and name them after all the time zones! If they followed the sun EST will be the last watch to be made :( Nah ... since I do not expect it to be a timepiece that shows time with sub-second precision, "GMT-01" should be right. Shouldn't it be "UTC-01"? I feel confident that the next one will be "GMT-01". I have had my fair share of projects that were NOT delayed. I do not think it is a KS curse. another month delay. never saw that coming. and what irks about this update is the wording of it...shipment date "more likely" to be 3rd/4th week of may. so,thats a definite maybe then i guess. hmmm, wonder what will be used in may for the next one. "quite possibly" end of june. "almost positively". such a shame that incessant delays are now de rigeur on update day, the expected norm now. oh well. c'est la vie. i hope its at least sometime in 2014 !! kidding aside, thanks for the update,even if it was more of the usual news, i'm just glad to hear something. this,however,is my last and final kickstarter project. soured off of it now. lets all cross our fingers that sometime this summer we will have folks saying "cool watch". CST-02 would be to me the next logical name for the next watch. They cannot make the same model forever. Maybe the next one is not the thinnest but something else targeting another set of people. Who knows basically I was just doing an Xbox. Everyone was calling it the xbox 720 or 1080 then they come out with the one lol. Who knows maybe the next one will be EST-01? @Neil - i believe people are just referencing the probably name of the next watch that CST design after this project is finished. as far as i am aware there are no other watches currently near marketing stage. hey, i totally called it! Thanks again for this precise update, I really feel part of the story each time I read you ! Good luck, and looking forward to read you again ! ...not sure if I have completely missed something, but can someone clarify what a "Cst-02" reference is and where it came from. Someone commented within update 20 and made reference to the same? :/ We all will be fine, everyone simmering down yet? Just relax another month that's 2 paychecks. That's nothing....... We will be fine everyone just relax and when you guys get the shipping email you will be much more happier! Someone feed me some Benzos and but me in coma until next month. I cant handle the constant rebuild of suspense. Figures it'd be delayed. After update 20 Let's see how much longer the delay will be. We might get lucky and get the watch by the end of year after delays. i guess it stands to reason they might not update us until they need to say the products are shipping, or a specific delay has been encountered/projected YEAH. Simmer down, sauce pots. This user's account has been deleted. Please give me watchつД｀)･ﾟ･｡･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ Simmer down sauce pots everything will be alright. Just wait there was an update only 27 days ago. So we will be due for another one soon and, it should be something along the lines that they are making and it shipping some now. It's just a watch it's not like it will be able to slow down time and enable longer days lol. Everyone just chill out lay back and forget about this and one day you will get a package at your door and be on your merry way. Professional would be an update an month.... ;-) Just wanted to say, so far I'm not a discouraged backer thats pissed off. Honestly, I'm just excited to get the watch. Granted i wish I had for Sunday this week for my wedding, but thats not possible and you guys let me know that. While I wish they were more frequent, the updates are very nice, professional and detailed. For that, I can accept my product has not come yet. Probably wouldnt be too happy if we get down another 14 months and not here, but I know how business works... @Michael — in case it's any help, one of the videos in Update #15 sports some fairly good imagery of the watch in the charger. @CST thank you for the progress updates. Could you possibly add a picture of the watch charging in the base in your next update? Thank's for making this cool mod industrial piece of art. Can't wait to sport mine on the town. what he said. except I'm not a professional, but still curious! Hey @CST team -- Seeing that half of April has past, and the last week of April is rapidly approaching, I am assuming that you are fast at work right now, preparing yet one more of your fantastic updates! Now, regardless of whether or not you actually manage to start production in the next two weeks (being fairly knowledgeable of the realities of industrial production, I recognise of course that the likelihood of all the outstanding issues you listed in the previous update actually being in place in time for that to happen are slim at best, so I'm not holding my breath in that regard), here's one thing that I would like to ask you guys to incorporate in the update, beside what I am sure will be a wonderfully detailed chart of the fulfillment plan: the production ramp-up schedule. From SOP, how many units do you calculate will be manufactured and packaged the first week, second week...? And if you could pare it down to the different subassemblies and major components, that would be great! (I ask mainly out of professional curiosity.) Hope for an update which gives us a Date when shipping is starting:-) that being said, i want to point out i have no doubts from you guys, you've been running what i see as a pretty tight ship this whole time, giving us useful updates and reasoned detailing of where delays are and how you are addressing them. good show! Hoping there will be a new update about shipping soon. Hope to know that shipping will start soon . hopefully won't be too long for a new update @CST, Paypal does not know the email-adress: "<email>", so it`s not possible to submit the 15 USD for international shipping. Can you please send another email-adress to send you the money? Okay, let's say they got a 50/50 offer from Theo and Peter. ;-) I'm sure it'll be on the shelves of Selfridges, but with it's acutely style conscious appeal, I somehow have a much easier time envisioning the CST-01 on a more up-market location like Harrods... . Actually, I don't think it would be all that difficult to run the pitch for Agent by the Dragons. Being professional businesspeople engaged in supporting start-ups and small ventures, they are very well aware about the delays that may arise in preparing a new product for production. And while any of them will understand the difference between competing with a "designer" and a "high-street" appeal (to use Gok's language), someone like Peter would also be sure to realise the market difference between a multi-platform device and a platform unique device. But I think that we might move any further discussion on Agent to the Agent discussion page, don't you agree? @Jussi - Substitute Peter Jones for Theo, and Selfridges for Harrods, and you have a point with regard to CST. :-) Now run the same scenario with Agent, and imagine that the first questions out of Peter's mouth isn't "Who's your competition, and when will you be on the shelves?" ;-) As you know, that is a discussion we've had going on the Agent pages for a while. For my own part, I never expected Agent to hit the market before iWatch in the first place; apparently, your assessment was different. But there are still no guarantees you won't have the right of it in the end — if iWatch doesn't hit the shelves until Christmas (with Apple you never know, after all), and Agent's current plan holds, you'll still have your gap filler. . About timeliness and market relevance though, imagine this scenario: CST never started a Kickstarter project. Instead they went to Dragon's Den and got the money from Theo Paphitis. The project has run the exact course since as it did in reality, supplier problems and all, and it hits the retail shelves during this summer. And that is the first time you ever encounter the watch. You have no knowledge of that they had originally thought the watch would ship last September, or that they had had to revise their schedule another couple of times since. Looking at the watch prominently displayed on Harrods, would you still think that this is SO 2013, and is totally irrelevant in today's marketplace? @Jussi - and that - in a nutshell - is what's going to destroy (IMHO) the concept of crowdfunded technology projects. When you go after venture capital, you have a number of experts who make sure that your expectations are realistic, exert control on expectations, and expect a viable ROI. CST is one of the better funded projects, yet is still struggling to deliver a product to market in a timely manner. I define "timely" as delivery with respect to competition and relevance to the market. Fortunately, CST is less "tech" and more just another sexy watch, so they have a much longer viability period than say Agent. Unlike you - based on your comments - I don't see the point of wearing a technologically inferior product on my wrist, and no offense, in the case of Agent, it's just not that special a block of metal. I backed that particular project thinking they could deliver a product to fill the gap between Apples entry into the market and their original delivery dates. I have an Omate on my desk and it's honestly gathering dust - simply not useful in a manner that makes it viable if you are not an Android phone user. Again - my point is that KS is proving that crowdfunding simply does not compete well in the high tech arena as a general statement. For every 5000 tech projects, you have one Pebble and one Oculus - not very good odds in my book. I think that making delivery estimates mandatory — they weren't, the first couple of years of Kickstarter — was what also made it necessary to accept that accurate predictions about the future are very difficult to make, especially for small startup operations developing their first product, which after all is what many projects here on KS are about. . While they missed the original estimate by (to date) seven months, CST differs from many other projects in that (a) the original delivery estimate was set three full quarters into the future, indicating that they did have a realistic appreciation of that there was quite a lot left to do, and (b) when things start going pear shaped, necessitating that the estimate be revised, they communicated this early, and clearly. I have backed quite a few projects here by now, but CST have so far impressed me with one of the best run projects I've had the pleasure of participating in. And yes, that's including the fact that they've had to revise their delivery estimate a few times. In the real world, that's the kind of thing that happens. @Jussi - the fact thatmore and more people now accept that it's "ok" for people to over estimate their abilities in an effort to get funding is what's making KS so entertaining these days. I have simply done a 2.5x multiplier on any technology project to asses if it will still be viable when delivered. You'd be surprised at the number of projects that I would now not poke with a stick - Agent being one we have in common. The above said, I backed this project because the watch had almost no link to technological obsolescence. Apology accepted, Sean Conte. And good for you that you get it, so you are hereby excused from reading my future posts. However, if you somehow labour under the misapprehension that having raised ~$1M+ and yet being all of seven (or even "14+") months behind the original delivery estimate is somehow unique, or even remarkable, here on Kickstarter, perhaps you haven't got it quite as thoroughly as you think... At least it DOES look like its coming, unlike my radiate shirts. sad fact is i sunk twice as much into them as into this. But i have a lot of confidence in this one. Sorry, 14+ months since meeting it's original pledge goal is what i meant. Not ship date. Also, Jussi, I gotta say, reading your incessant commentary is really getting to be grating. Good for you for slinking into the role of apologist, but not everyone has your patience. People are on here to vent about what has been an egregious wait for a product we should have received a calendar year ago. We don't need you chiming in with "please review the Gantt chart" or "if you'll reference update #7--posted on May 2, 2013, exactly 40.2 days after update 6...." after every comment from an annoyed (and ignored) backer. We get it, okay? The watches have been delayed because of this or that and will not go out until the end of April, at best. We understand that. Do you understand that this project has received over $1,000,000 and is 14 months past the original estimated ship date? Not 1 month. Not 6 months. Not a year. 14 months and still going. 1-4. Just checked when i originally backed this project......oof, February 2013. Been a heck of a wait. @ CST, as a backer from Germany I have a problem with paypal to send the 15 USD for the international shipping of CST-01. So can you please mail the IBAN and BIC that I can transfer the money without using paypal? Yea according to the line graph thing they posted, it ended around the last week of April that's what I was going off of. If it's later O well still won't change the fact I and going to be 1 of 7k people in the world looking cool as hell! It is all good I have been waiting much longer for my lockitron! Hey @Jeffrey -- to be precise, this month is the month that CST should be pushing the big Start Of Production button for the coolest thing until laser-sliced bread comes around. Three weeks from now, by the latest projection. Then the production needs to ramp up, the watches need to be shipped ... with something around 10,000 watches to make, package, and deliver, that'll all take a few weeks. Just don't be too disappointed if you're not walking around looking quite that cool, quite so soon... Later this summer might be more like it. Alright Dave after your done with the watch on to the laser knife that toasts bread as you slice it! Lol the worlds thinnest toast! the laser knife (which toast bread when you slice it) will be the coolest thing around when it's invented! till then, yeah, the CST will be awesome. can't wait till i get mine :D It's time! Pardon the pun. But this month is the month that we should be walking around looking like the coolest thing since sliced bread. Looking forward to my watch coming in! Please make sure to add an invoice (stating at least the contents and the pledge amount) *on the outside* of the package. Otherwise backers from the EU will have a lot of "fun" with customs... Thanks a lot! Even though nickel titanium consists of about half Ni, half Ti, this alloy is actually more reluctant to release nickel ions than stainless steel (typically 1-10% Ni). This does however assume that the surface has been passivised, e.g. by electropolishing. The practical consequence would be that besides any surface treatment (e.g. the PVD coating of the NR Edition), Nitinol ought to make those sensitive to Ni still better off than they would have been with the original stainless steel band. Not 0€, but 60€ are realistically :-) nobody knows the real price at the custum :-) Nitinol? Whats with nickel allergy buyers? Lol there would be a heck of a lot of invoices for £0.00 value so no Customs Fees/handling charges/brokerage fees etc. Good update guys. Its nice to read about/see what's going on & how things are progressing, both the good & the bad. Just want the time to go a bit quicker. The clocks go forward an hour in the UK this weekend so that'll be an hour less to wait anyway lol. Write your own invoice and save money :-) Hi Dave, for shipping to Italy, if you put the invoice outside of the package, the italian customs applies the customs duties on the value of the invoice (that are 22% of the value, plus 5 Euro for customs costs plus shipping costs from Custom to my home [this is silly but real! I've to pay twice the shipping costs if customs manually ceck my package!]). For italy is better to put the invoice inside and mark the declaration (CN22) as a gift or a sample with a low value (under 35$). This helps to avoid the customs check. Is this possible for you to do it? @CST just a remark for shipping to Europe: at least for Austria and Germany it is required to provide an invoice on the outside of the package (accessible to the customs guys). The customs declaration (CN 22) is not sufficient. Without that, the package needs to be picked up personally within about two weeks which may mean a longer travel for the backer :-( Just had that with another Kickstarter project - luckily I didn't have far but it did cost two hours waiting. @Sami Hamouri — in the comment @CST posted on this thread five days ago (see below) they said that "we are still aiming to start shipping at the end of April." With about 10k watches to manufacture and send out, it would seem reasonable to assume that you will get yours sometime between May and September-ish. Exactly when probably depends on when during the campaign you submitted your pledge. An update would be nice, but as long as they deliver in a month is doesn't really matter to me Waiting is fun, but so are updates :p Good things come to those who wait! Hello , when do I get my Pledge ? been over a year ! @CST: Thanks for the link! @CST - will your shipping schedule still phased, or will all items be shipped out in one big old go? The schedule is still on Facebook as well. Fantastic! Really great to hear that we're still on track for start of shipping in ... what? Five weeks from now? @CST: Okey Dokey! Thanks for the info! Hi! Does anyone know where I can find the schedule to the project? I looked at the link at Update 17 but the chart has been removed. Is there another link? Thanks. I would hope that one year later (counting from the earliest delivery estimate) most, if not all, of us will have got our watches... In the meanwhile I, at least, am just plain waiting. This user's account has been deleted. Resignation pretty much sums up my feeling as well, with regard to the 1.5+ month average update interval. I personally think is extraordinarily frustrating, but since CST has set themselves such a high standard on the content of each and every backer update, and since once every seven weeks seems to be what they can handle at that level, then there isn't much else to do but to resign oneself to it. And I agree that just posting a comment stating "still on track for end of April" ought to be very simple and quick for them to do. However, I also realise that should they not BE on track for end of April, they would perforce feel compelled to go the full Monty on the update explaining WHY they're not on track, and then we're back to waiting for the next full update. So, I fully expect that we'll have to wait at least another week for a new update -- and do not forget that while the AVERAGE interval between progress updates since the funding closed has been 50.3 days (I just calculated the precise number), the latest ACTUAL interval, between updates 15 and 17, was a humongous 78 days! If that standard applies, we're not even halfway to the next one yet... yeah i do get on here to check every now and then. i take my time as usually there is nothing new being reported anyway. my comment earlier was said regarding ALL the people asking for updates and a complete lack of response from the folks who took our cash upfront. It is a shame we dont seem to matter much. given the lengthy delay, i simply feel every few weeks a quick "on schedule for end of april" would be such a simple thing to do. its not rocket science to provide a 2 minute update especially given the huge number of people asking for one. I clearly stated i get that delays happen, so no biggie. what irks is the avoidance of coming on here at a few minutes of someones time at CST to update more regularly. thats why i dont come on and check much, i figure we're being pretty much ignored in our requests (seriously,just look at the number of people on here asking for this below. it's a good amount). so, i am upset but resigned to the delay of the watch, and i get that it will be better than what we may have originally gotten. fine. the 2 minutes it takes to pop on here every few weeks with so many people asking for a quick update ? that sucks,as it is plainly an easy thing to do, and if I were the one responsible, i'd be on here letting everyone know whats going on. we dont need a huge detailed mega update every few weeks, just a few minutes to say how things are going. why does that seem like so much to ask for? i would think it would be the right thing to do for your backers, no ? anyhoo,,,delayed? fine. i get it. i sure would appreciate some mini updates to keep us informed of timelines being met, etc. I dont think thats way over the top to ask for or anything. given the number of people below saying the same thing,anyway. we are at the mercy of them, and the need to keep us up to date just is not on anyones to do list it seems. i anxiously await my watch, whenever it makes it. i anxiously await an update,too,but c'est la vie. Looking at the history since funding closed, CST has posted progress updates on an average once every 45-ish days. The last progress update was on 10 February, 37 days ago. By this reckoning, if would seem reasonable to expect a new update sometime during the latter half of next week, or thereabouts. Bearing in mind that this also coincides with being exactly one month before the currently projected start of fulfilment, it would certainly be a suitable time to confirm whether or not the project is running on schedule. If they posted the next update earlier it would obviously be a nice surprise, but just looking at the history, it is clearly still at least a week to soon to start rising any big ruckus about a new update now. Update please. Thanks. Hey guys, can we have another update please.... I am so f***ing excited for these watches. I've convinced like so many people to buy them. Gahhhh IF you read update #17, posted a few weeks ago, you will find that the current expectation is that fulfilment ought to start around end of April. Then it is reasonable to expect that with production ramp-up times and thousands of watches to deliver and whatnot, that the very last Kickstarter reward to be delivered will probably not arrive until a few months after that. So assuming that rewards are sent out in the order they were pledged for, you'll finally get yours ... perhaps sometime May-August-ish, depending on exactly when during the campaign you submitted your pledge? When can I finally get my watch? Previously, only the Black & White titanium watches were available to pre-order from the CST website <url>"expected" to ship, summer 2014. asking for an update over a month ago (scroll down to my plea from feb 5th or so), i guess it was completely ignored as usual. seems it doesnt matter how much we aqsk for clarity and quantity, they just ignore us.you know, the people who gave them the cash. asked for an update because everyone on here is getting so ticked off aover a month ago, and zero reply. thanks so much cst guys. glad to see we matter enough to warrant an update and a real time-line estimate. that word "expected" sure leaves room for interpretation. never felt so ignored from someone who took the money up front a long,long time ago. i dont want to **** about delays. i kind of expect it a little (though not as much as this has gone past delivery), its the utter lack of responsibility on whomever is supposed to update us that irks. we deserve better than this. watch delayed again? o.k. shit happens. we get it. updating us in a timely manner to compensate for it? sadly, extremely lacking. someone needs to get on top of this. please. thank you. Not much to say, I guess. We have a fairly detailed timeline; CST doesn't usually post updates more than once per forty days or so, so everybody is in waiting mode. At some point they're likely to let us know how well the Gantt chart is holding up, but right now, we're all just waiting for the last week of April... This place certainly got quiet. @Shane -- update #17 was posted just a couple of weeks ago. It draws the progress timeline to date, and projects it to an estimated start of shipping around end of April. Soo as its been a little over 1 year since pledging finished, i for one am TOTALLY spyched to receive my watch, do we have any updates on progress? I think I understand now...its just been a while since the pre-ordering happened. I signed up to pre-order a separate watch in addition to being a backer. Its just a bit confusing due to the long period of time. thanks and sorry for the confusion. Reference my last post about paying for a "pre-order". Are the "pre-orders" different than the Kickstarter backers? Thanks I received an e-mail today to click on a link and pay for my pre-order. The only problem is the information at the link is not the watch that I signed up for as a backer. I changed to the "Nado Rossi" edition when it was made available. Plus the size is not correct as well. Did the survey I submitted not populate to the payment page? thanks So the new shipping date is end of April. Let's say that you have some minor problems and that shipping starts end of May. In view of the amount pledged and assuming an average watch value of $100, you have to fulfil about 10,000 watches. You expect to be able to ship 1,000 watches per week. People who pledged last should therefore expect to receive their watch 10 weeks after the end of May or about mid to end AUGUST 2014. Looking at the Gantt chart, it would be nice to have shorter updates but more often. Updates detailing the hit and miss milestones, so we can be better informed and monitor the progress. Also after completion, you should post a long autopsy of your project. What went well? What went wrong? Where did you make mistakes? How did you deal with the step between designing a product and manufacturing that project? Knowing what you know now, what would you do differently? That would really help other technical hardware projects. Solid Update. I can see why you waited in order to have a very thorough explanation all in one place. Good update Thank you for the update. It's a bit sad you changing the estimated again but i appreciate your hard work. i will wait for that watch and i expect quality! so take your time, do your best and in the end all will be happy. Greetz In a little over a week you will have had our money for a YEAR and not told us anything in 3 months. Does this sounds like a good business practice to you? I do think however that a monthly update oughtn't be too much to ask. Unfortunately, since the funding closed, this project has averaged well over 40 days between updates — and since the last major update in November, we're fast approaching three months... @Frederic Thank you for the sensible input! One of the main things that Kickstarter tries to stress is that you're not buying a product, you're funding a idea. It's really that simple! These guys have so much other stuff that they're busy doing instead of constantly posting updates, and as much as I'd love to have a bi-weekly update I know how easy it is for projects to just suck time up. Lets all just be excited for the awesome idea that we've helped bring to life! Also, some of us that are fluent, have over zealous spell checkers... @Frederic. Completely agree...well said. Fellow funders, please enjoy the journey for what it IS, not what you want it to be. Please people... Relax and enjoy life. Do not forget this is Kickstarter. Not a online shop with finished products. If you needed this watch urgently, you took the wrong decision. We NEVER received a delivery date. Not when we backed this project and it never was mentioned in the survey. We received ESTIMATES, because this is Kickstarter. And because of this, the launch can be postponed. Due to manufacturing problems, supply issues,... We received good and complete updates, with reasons why things are postponed. We didn't buy a product, we helped CST find the cash they needed to come up with the final design and start the manufacturing of this unique watch. As a REWARD, we'll receive something in return. (in my case, a Nando Rossi Edition). If this concept isn't working for you, then please stop funding products on Kickstarter, and stop asking for refunds. Show some respect for CST and the other backers (not all of us are from the US of A nor do we all speak/write fluently English.) @Jonathan, clearly YOU have nothing else do to either. Back off! Unless you plan to refund all the "whiners" here. Another piece of advice. Go for English classes rather than yoga or meditation. It is "ACCEPT" not "EXCEPT". @**** Shu, I didn't send the email, I'm just a backer trying help people stay informed about the project. Some information can easily be missed (especially in the comments) or misunderstood and I figure if more people know what's going on, the better the chance that things will remain civil. Glad I could help. @robert molder, sorry, English is not my first language, I must misunderstood your email, thanks for explaining, sorry for the complain Jesus Christ, what a bunch of whinny little ****. Do all of you have nothing else to do than feed off each other? Almost every project has delays. Every creator under estimates the problems they'll have. If you can't except that then I hear Walmart sells watches. Yeah, I want my watch also. But I'd rather wait for an awesome product then receive a crappy one. Chill out...Relax...Try Yoga or meditation. It'll happen when it happens. Let the bashing commence. @**** shu, The survey didn't day they would ship in January. It said they were aiming for a Q1 delivery in 2014. That means sometime in January, February, March as that's the first quarter of the year. They missed the first month of that but until they comment or update us themselves, that Q1 estimate is our most accurate date to go by. last time you guys said it;s gonna ship out at sep 2013, that didnt happen, then you guys promised to send it on jan 2014, that didnt happen either, i even received an servery on dec 30, if you cant send it before feb 2014, at least you guys should send us an email, tell us about the delay, this is not only unresponisable, but also unreasonable kickstarted should sell backer-insurance. when a project gets more than 6 months past-due you can pull the plug and get your money out. heck, someone else could do this by figuring out the actuary tables for how likely projects are to fail the 6 month test etc. Got this is response to a message I sent. Doesn't sound good. "We're authoring an update about a current schedule right now, and should be able to post in a couple of days. We are experiencing more delays unfortunately. We understand that you expected us to ship earlier, and we are doing everything in our power to get the watch shipped out as quickly as possible. Thanks for hanging in there, and again, apologies for the delay." I'd really appreciate an update that says "we're still here, and working on the detailed update", instead of having to dig through the comments here to see whether anybody from CST is responding. To be fair I think we all agree that the updates from CST have been well documented. I myself is really impressed with the level of details (especially the recent ones with photos and tests), and I share the excitement with the creators. Delay is not unexpected and from the link shared by @Björn Bayer I'm more sympathetic about the delays. After all these are pioneers and it has only been almost 1 year since the idea was conceived and funded -- the creators had to start from scratch and source every single component, and they didn't have a whole manufacturing department behind them like those big brands. However, I hope, especially after reading all the recent comments about backers not satisfied with the lack of updates, the creators realize the importance of frequent updating, no matter it's good or bad. From the level of details of the updates I have the impression that the creators want to make every update as detailed and as packed with content as possible. While those are enjoyable to read, they lack the assurance backers need when the delivery date gets pushed back several times without a definite timeline. After going through all the updates so far, those up to #7 were pretty frequent. Then after the project was funded, things got a little sparse to one per month or even more. But then starting from #14 (Oct) they said the team was going full-time, so a weekly or bi-weekly update shouldn't be hard. Perhaps that's due to production adjustments, I'm not sure. With a production prototype available in CES, and all those testing done, I don't see any reason why there would be more delay. I agree with @Jussi Myllyluoma concerning us being "crowdfunders" and we want honesty, transparency, and timely updates. @CST has the first two done quite well with their updates, just the last one is still quite lacking. I want to thank the creators for sharing this wonderful idea with us, and wish them all the best. I am looking forward to the upcoming update, hopefully with a definite shipping time. I hold no high expectations of a delivery date being met in any instance, there are always variables that can cause delays. Some delays are small and affect little. Other delays are considerably larger and can't help having an impact on proceedings. This said, a typed message takes little time or effort, but makes the world of difference. I am settled in for as long as needed to receive the watch, but please keep us informed as to where we are with the project. Another project I have backed gives weekly updates. Every Friday without fail is something from them, be it good or bad news. Could you guys possibly manage something similar? You have not made a real update in over two months is the the really the best you can??? I finally wrote to them on their Facebook page and got this response to my question on delivery dates. Hope this helps "We're currently working with flextronics and getting an answer to that this week. We've got 75% of the data and have been working with the 12 seperate teams at flex to align this. (As well as working with them on the actual tooling designs) A few more days and we should have a clearer view of the schedule" I would like a definitive shipment timeline for backers watches. oh no he di'int! I think they have been more than transparent. I would like to hear about the shipment timeline. Dear CST team. Please provide us with an update as soon as possible to stop all this blah blah blah comments. I know you have a lot of work to do. All the time I check this site, I only find sophisticated analysis how bad a lck of information is. It becomes boring. Regards Rüdiger @Kalpesh — I heartily agree with your analysis. Just two (admittedly nit-picky) amendments I'd like to make. The first is an obvious one: CST-1 is not a smartwatch; quite far from it. But your point is still valid, of course. Not sure whether or not it actually applies to CST-1 — yet — but undoubtedly we will learn in the not-too-distant future. The second is that in my view, equating "backers" with "customers" or "investors" falters. We're not "customers" in the sense that we're not "buying" anything in any ordinary sense, as Kickstarter makes a very clear point of not being a storefront. Nor are we "investors", in the sense that we don't own any part of the venture we're funding. What we are, is probably just "crowdfunders". But your point is nonetheless valid: crowdfunders, too, want honesty, transparency, and timely updates. And so far, as far as we can tell at least, we've got the two former, but not so much the latter. Two out of three is good of course, but in this business, unfortunately not quite good enough. @Ryan — at the obvious risk of feeding one — who's trolling? I might ask you to respectfully restrict your comments to the weather or the condition of the roads unless you have something actually helpful to add, but I wouldn't dream of asking you to refrain from commenting just because your comments don't suit me. Do grow up, please, Ryan. Please read this article - <url>— CST have been very transparent about the schedule changes and the reasons for them throughout. The issue is the scarcity of updates, especially now, after November. But, we've been promised that a major update is in the works, and should be posted any day now. This is the only project I've backed. God I hope these things ship soon...so far behind schedule considering the original "best guess" they offered! @Martyn I agree.Sixteen updates in a year is very disappointing given the size of this project. They also have no twitter activity in quite a while, which isn't doing much to ease my worries... I am really disappointed with the lack of an update from CST. I understand that there may be delays and it cannot be helped, but there is no excuse for not giving us backers who made this project possible an update, the last proper one was in November! It takes a few minutes to send out an update, but it seems we aren't even worth a few minutes of your time. @Steven, CST mentioned in the survey and in a recent comment that they aim to ship out the watches in the first quarter of this year. So if all goes as planned, we should have our watches within two months. They also said in a recent comment that they hope to get the next big update posted this week I believe. Hi...can someone at cst please, for the love of god,post a status update for everyone on here complaining about the lack of communication? do you not see how irritated everyone is? we get, most of us anyway,that delays are part and parcel of the process. "estimated" dates are exactly that,but why does it go so far past this date? letting us know would be nice. ignoring all the calls for at least a quick "we're working on it, update imminent" statement isnt endearing your co. to anyone. So, stop ignoring all the calls for at least an update for the anxious backers. It shows a lack of respect to the people you asked for money from. we deserve that, at minimum. it takes but a few minutes to do,and alleviates the anxiety. simple,yes? delays happen,we get it. maybe dont say a few months,then in that time say another few months,repeat ad infinitum. give us an honest,best guess. i mean,are we talking at least 2014? see, if i had an update,i wouldnt need to ask if its gonna be this year. dont read this then walk away. just respond quickly and let us know it's o.k., thats not too much to ask for,is it? sign me patient,but very,very concerned at the lack of response. thank you. @Valentin — then you should be quite satisfied on at least one score, because — as you will know, as I assume you have read all their updates carefully — CST have indeed let us know well in advance (end of July, to be precise) that the Sept delivery estimate slipped at least to Dec-Jan, and they let us know in the end of Dec that the end of Jan estimate has morphed into a more nebulous Q1. A very, very far cry from only letting us know "after the supposed shipping date", in other words! But that being said, I must unfortunately agree with you completely on the frequency of updates. This has otherwise been an excellent project, but it is being continually let down by the time between major updates being over a month — and well over two months, this time! I am just hoping that they manage to deliver the update they say they will have been working on day and night this past week very soon... @ Kel Loh With their online shop, being able to buy just the watch without the charging unit would be suitable if someone already has a charging unit & watch but want to buy an extra watch only. Similarly if someone just wanted an extra charger & not the watch they have the ability to buy just that. With their online shop, being able to buy just the watch without the charging unit would be suitable if someone already has a charging unit & watch but want to buy an extra watch only. Whilst initially more than mildly irritated with the delay, however having noticed @Björn Bayer posted this link <url>— over a month before the survey— and that I quoted in my previous post. With all that executive experience, one would assume an ability to assimilate written information. The reason you are raising more ire here right now than CST is simply that most of us here understand what you so very vocally demonstrate that you have still to realise: that KS projects seldom ship by their estimated delivery date, and that delays are all part and parcel of Kickstarter — one might wish it was otherwise, but one has to accept reality. And as long as project owners communicate openly and can show that good faith efforts are being made to fulfil pledge rewards, it is better to accept that reality with grace than to be a whiner. And that is also, it must be said, CST's biggest failing to date: they do communicate very openly when they actually communicate, but they do it far, far too seldom. I just hope that they manage to deliver on their forecast to have a comprehensive update by the second half of this week. Could someone upload the CST-01 Font again? Relax guys. We can neither change our situation nor speed up delivery by dispute. This is my first crowdfunding project I've backed up. And sure, I am unsatisfied. But as I've read about other projects, funders without experience in bringing up good ideas into mass production will fail on meeting their delivery estimates. Look at this sample: <url>— I beg to differ. The survey where the Q1 delivery estimate is given, was sent out on 31 December — one month ago. I challenge you to produce a single update or comment or email that CST have posted AFTER THAT DATE that refers to any other delivery estimate than "Q1". The delivery estimate of "late January" was given on 24 November, and said specifically that "now it looks like it will be late January before we could start shipping units". See what it says there? "Looks like"? At least in my version of English, there is no promise or fixed schedule even implied in that phrasing. Kickstarter has tried very hard to make people who back projects understand that Kickstarter is NOT a storefront — that pledging to a project means "pledging to a project", NOT "purchasing a product", that backers are "backers", NOT "customers", that estimated delivery means "estimated delivery", NOT "committed delivered-by date", and so on, and so forth, ad nauseam. Uphill work that, obviously. As I noted just a couple of posts down, English is very tricky. Words and phrases that one would have thought were quite unambiguous, childishly obvious even, clearly still can mean something entirely different to certain people. Or then they're just being obtuse. I can't quite decide which… Case in point, right there. I beg to differ. Their updates on their site and their emails are post their survey. It's only 4 days ago (at the time when we were expecting them to meet their estimated shipments of end-January) that they said that they will now come back with an update. Very convenient, don't you think? This has been the trend since September and this is what is agitating me and other backers on this forum. Since you said nobody else was concerned, I discovered that there are quite a few disappointed backers here! They do have a strong PR and communication process, which is in their favour. I am only being a demand now for deliveries and instead of showing empathy to someone who is supposed to deliver, let's show empathy to the customer who has paid. Will this watch survive freezing temperatures? Wondering if I should wear it while skiing. They've even given os a timeline for when to expect the next major update: four days ago they posted that they'll "be working around the clock over the next week" to compile one. Which ought to mean that sometime during the latter half of the upcoming week we can expect to see something. . English is really a very tricky language. It's especially tricky how the same words can mean different things to different people. Judging from comments here and in some other projects, it seems there is a subset of the language somewhere, where the phrase "estimated delivery" ACTUALLY means "legally committed latest delivered by-date". Funny how I was completely unaware of that variation of English before I joined Kickstarter… @Kalpesh, As I said before, those dates were based on there schedules. Schedules change especially when developing a brand new product from scratch. Schedules are best cast scenarios, schedules are targets to reach for, schedules are an estimate. They are not promises, guarantees, or certainties. The Q1 estimate was in the survey form and has been mentioned several times here in the comments by backers and CST themselves. The only way that I know of to see that estimate at it's source was when filling out the survey form. You're the only one worried about it because CST has been very upfront about how much they've spent, who they're partnered with, and where they are in the production schedule. If there's been a major issue they've told us. If there's been a design change they've let us know. CST is not like that scam you backed before and the majority of the backers here know that. I'm giving up trying to help you understand what's going on with this project. @Robert, check the September and October updates which says that they will ship in December. The update in November says that they will ship in end January. I haven't seen any update since then, except one that is about them at CES. Especially not one that now says Q1 is when we can expect this product. This message is to @Kickstarter as well to take fiscal responsibility for delays. The lesson I have learnt is that it is unrealistic to back a goal of 200k that receives 1mn$ in pledges. There has to be a threshold to cut off to ensure that the revised commitments can be met by the project in question. I am not sure what credibility we can place on any more dates but my statement still stands - 1mn$ in funding dries up pretty quickly with each month of delay. Look at the number of iterations they have gone through. They have to manufacture close to 7.5k watches. Why am I the only backer worried about this? @Kalpesh, No I don't work for CST. I just hate seeing people post information that simply isn't true. It just causes people to get upset and hostile for no reason. You insist CST promised a delivery date but I've checked every comment and update CST posted and no such promise was ever made. Estimates sure, they made plenty of those, but no promises. Doing that would have caused them to rush to please backers but ultimately would have caused a poor quality product that would have ended up upsetting backers even more. Never promise anything unless you're certain you can meet that promise without fail. The pledge levels, survey, and the pledge summery seen in the survey all gave the same estimated delivery. The production schedules that have been posted were best case situations based on the information CST had on hand. It was never a promise either as this is a new product and delays are inevitable. I understand that you, and pretty much everyone else from the looks of it, got screwed over by the last project you backed but CST has been very open with us. They've given us plenty of very detailed updates and tried to be as accurate as possible with their schedules. Don't worry, you'll get your watch soon. Within the next two months if the Q1 estimate holds up. @Robert, do you work for CST-01? I disclosure would be good. I've been conned on Kickstarter multiple times and this is my last backing ever. Kickstarter offers no protection for the investors. I can produce communication and updates where we have been promised this watch since September, November and December should CST wish to take this up legally. @CST, Before shipping, please send us another survey for the address. I now Know I will be moving mid March, I don't know where to yet. Thanks @Kalpesh, That's a pledge summary, not the survey that was sent out at the end of December. It also says quite clearly that the date for delivery is an estimate. Regardless, you're worries are for nothing. If they had burned through all that money they wouldn't still be giving updates that show how much the product is improving. They wouldn't have told us that shipping would start in Q1 of this year in the survey. This is the thinnest watch ever made, something never done before. It was never going to be a quick turnaround from pledge to finished product in our hands. I still stand by the fact that a million dollars can burn very quickly in this kind of project and every day of delay will eat into their funds and lessen our chances of getting our deliverables. @Robert, unfortunately I am not mistaken. Please see extract of the mail that came in as a response to the survey I had filled. I have the communication to prove it : "Pledge Summary Amount pledged: $144.00 USD Project: CST-01: The World's Thinnest Watch by Central Standard Timing Reward: The "Nando Rossi" Edition. One BLACK CST-01NR with a BLACK PVD coating on the stainless steel band along with one base station. Free Shipping to US (Add $15 for international shipping.) Estimated delivery: Sep 2013 Shipping: Outside the US" This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Kalpesh, Sorry but you're mistaken. The surveys were sent out at the end of December, not anytime sooner. They also never once promised a shipping/deliver date in this entire project. Every date they've given, including the one shown on the pledge, was an estimate based on the information they had on hand. The survey gave us the most recent shipping estimate of the first quarter of 2014. I am now frankly tired of delays on this project. I had a survey on sizes submitted ages ago where the promised date was September 2013. This shifted to November and now December. Just to remind everybody it now be one year since we had backed this project in Feb 2013. With only 1mn$ in backing, I hope the funding hasn't run out and we will be left holding duds. I expect a clear response now on dates and am no longer interested in updates of how balloons carry this product. Put up or pay back. So Valentines Day is coming up :-) Yes, quality is number 1!!! We all look eagerly forward to our watches, so we appreciate that you try to push production as hard as possible. A note of caution though, if I may: pushing without rushing, I hope! Much as we all hate delays in delivery, I am sure we would hate lapses in quality even more. For my own part, being quite used to delays in Kickstarter projects by now, I would encourage you to take the time you need to deliver the best product you can. All I (and at least a few others here) do ask is that you keep us abreast of what's happening in the meanwhile. While your updates have been wonderful content-wise, letting the Kickstarter project pages hang while you prepare one of them is not necessarily a great idea. If you could hit a pace of posting major updates no more than one month apart, with a mini-update halfway between each -- while keeping an active presence here in the Comments threads with cross-posting and all that -- then I, at least, would be more than satisfied. @CST Yey thanks for the update. Quite frankly I've been checking this page more often than usual and am happy to hear back from you guys :D Hope all things go well and looking forward to your detailed update soon (week after next perhaps?). It's been quite a journey and hopefully the wait will be over soon. I'm really excited about this. Far from *raising, of course. @Herbert — I'm not even sure I'd go so far as to say that the to date advertised delay is severe enough to be called annoying — and certainly far from realising any red flags. Any design project of this magnitude that manages to deliver within two quarters of estimated delivery has done very well indeed, in my experience. My *only* — however, by now unfortunately annoyingly recurring — gripe with regard to this project has been, and remains, the frequency of updates. I have alas had cause to say several times already that letting the time between updates run into months is a bad idea. Over two months...? From what I've seen here before, this gives me cause to fear that the uglier side of KS culture may be beginning to warm up in the wings... @Khaldoun Shobaki: About your point to Jussi Myllyluoma - fair enough, it is a perspective one can take, but also a personal view (on how KS works) should not be pushed upon others. So the argument about patience is also true for you - have patience with your fellow backers and don't tell them how they should behave (e.g. in the way you see things). They don't tell you either, as long as you do not address them directly. This point becomes clearer when you address Alex: You are right that backers should not turn against each other - but one can argue you did just that when you complained about beeing annoyed with other backers who vented their frustration about the lack of communication from the creators - and they did not address you personally. There could be some points made about the general direction KS projects tend to go, and how the backer culture at KS degrades. I do this for over two years now and have backed a variety of different projects, and I could go on for quite some time what is wrong in my opinion with the crowdfunding systems as implemtented by KS, Indiegogo and others - but that would probably go too far. Beside that, I share your opinion about this particular project: While being annoyingly late I have no worries that they will make good on their promises and deliver a quality product in a couple of weeks (or months). I don't see any serious red flags so far. @Jussi, I think your comment accurately (if unfortunately) reflects what I've seen in the Kickstarter world for the projects that I've trolled in the past before I decided to actually support this one. I suppose that you take your backers as you find them, and have to be prepared to have a lot of impatient or annoyed people, particularly if your project is a consumer product. Personally, I view the investment as speculative and will be pleased to see anything come from it. @Alex, so what? Now we are turning to bashing fellow backers? I can't speak for Ryan, but I've certainly read a lot of Kickstarter product comment and update pages over the last few years. Certainly enough to have read about the many, many debacles and train wrecks on crowd-sourcing projects. This doesn't strike me as one of those, just a case of sub-optimal communications from a small team of very busy dudes. Anyway, this is a very cool project, and seems pretty clearly not to be vaporware. This coming from two people who have backed a total two projects between the two of them. Right at this point Ryan, I don't see many people panicking about if they're getting their watches or not. But the lack of update, or even forecasts for an update, from CST is making some people annoyed, and other people worried. The merely annoyed crowd will just keep pointing out that CST isn't really living up to their expectations. Which is fair enough: CST could be doing a better job as far as posting regular and timely updates goes. But here's fair warning: if the silence drags on long enough for the worried crowd to also get annoyed, things *will* get ugly. It seems neither you or your +1 have been around here on Kickstarter for very long, but trust me when I say this: the combination of annoyed people who are worried about what has happened with their money, and a culture where people are far to eager to run to court once they even imagine themselves having a grievance, is toxic, to put it very, very mildly. Better that CST post timely updates, and that particular can of worms can stay firmly and safely shut! +1 to Ryan Maas. Alllllright. Everyone needs to take a chill pill. Yes, we all know you want the watches. Yes, we know they're late. It's actually more annoying logging in here, and seeing all of the complaining - than it is to see a lack of an update. In my opinion in 2013 this watch was to be a uniqe and great look in your hand ,, but in 2014 I'm not sure from all the new watches coming up . @Simon — yeah, I remember reading that, too. On 4 November — almost three months ago. I would have hoped the time would have been sufficient to "improve the process ... make sure anything that might be new information is cross posted ... and make sure we're feelin' the love". Apparently is was not all that important, then. And I agree with you that the updates themselves have been great, once they've actually been posted. The problem is just that their frequency has consistently been low — usually more than one month between each, which I think most of us will agree is far too long. This current pause since the last proper update — over two months by now — is ... well beyond disappointing, let's just say. . @Mark — I'm just getting stuck on the semantics. To me, "hoping to publish" doesn't mean the same as "about to publish". Now, "hope to publish an update tomorrow" would have meant something different entirely. The current "hope to publish one (implicitly, at some point sometime)" just annoys me, bearing in mind the lengthy lapse since the last proper update. And "very detailed" is great. All but complete radio silence while it is being written however, is not. A small post in the Comments saying one is coming and a date would make things infinitely better. And if that date is missed, fine — as long as they keep communicating openly about it! The current state of affairs unfortunately feels very disrespectful, and only serves to annoy people — to my mind, entirely unnecessarily. @Jussi -- CST said "hope to publish a very detailed update" which implies they are writing one. If it is "very detailed" then that takes time. There's no point in them publishing a partially completed draft. About the Importance of Facebook they wrote this 2 months ago, and i think, they make great work. ok, it's my first and only project i backed so far, but this guys have me impressed everytime (except the updates lately, the last ones were released monthly, as far as i remeber) Creator Central Standard Timing on Nov 4 Re: Comments about Facebook vs. Kickstarter: The reason that the two aren't completely in sync is that Jerry and I have to split up the workload between us. Jerry is more active on Facebook than I am, so we divided things this way: I handle the Kickstarter messages and posting updates. Jerry manages info@ emails and Facebook. If someone asks a question on Facebook, it sends a push notification to his phone and he can answer it pretty quickly. The Kickstarter system is not as easy on mobile, so I usually take some time to sit down and answer questions in chunks of time. Sometimes Jerry gets jazzed about what we are working on and posts a bit about it on Facebook. I'll try to be on the watch for those and post those in the comments here. We want to be the ones communicating with you, so we ask that you understand that these two systems aren't always totally in sync. I can say that we always post updates here first. Anything on Facebook is either extremely minor, or a reiteration of something already covered in an update or the FAQ. We are also trying to be considerate of not over-communicating a bunch of small things in a flurry of updates here since they are e-mailed to all of our backers. When we do send updates, they are thorough and well documented. This process takes time, but they end up being better for it, and for the most part people are happier when we take the time to author a well written, full update. That said, we realize this process can still be improved. We will do our best to make sure we cross-post anything that might be new information. We appreciate all of the support you folks have given us and want to make sure you're feelin' the love. -Dave And what, pray, is stopping CST from posting that simple comment here themselves, to the benefit of their backers...? Why is it more important to keep the FaceTube community informed, than the community that gave them the money they're doing all of this with? And what do you mean, "HOPE to publish an update"...? Just WRITE one, for the gods' sake! Delays will happen; here on Kickstarter they are the norm, rather than the exception. No big deal, really. But letting the time between proper updates just drag along indefinitely without even a comment is simply not okay. Even worse is ignoring the feedback telling them that it's not okay. You're running a great project in so many ways, fellows. But the way you're handling updates is a huge big minus. just to share a bit of facebook: Johan Tyborn Hi guys! Any update planned? We're soon in february, and i'm dying to get my hands on one of them beauties... Gefällt mir · · vor 8 Stunden via Handy Central Standard Timing Yup!! We're working through the system at flextronics and hope to publish a very detailed update. (Lots of work still happening) Gefällt mir · Antworten · 1 · vor 8 Stunden I completely understand that you guys have time tables for things to accomplish and revise but i fail to see how constantly revising the shipping dates and then sliding a "Q1" ship date under the table like its no big deal is fair or even acceptable. It's getting on for a full year now since i backed this project and over 3 months past when the initial delivery date was supposed to happen. To not give your 7,658 backers a solid timeline by now is kind of unacceptable in my eyes. Just to reiterate, i understand things were changed and sometimes things happen but this has gone far beyond that. CST, though i can't speak for everyone here, what was an exciting and very cool process to see progress has now turned into a serious disappointment and letdown. The longer you put off an update, the more people are going to be made vastly more upset. Please give us a solid date as to which we can expect the watches. You owe us that much after a long string of delays. An update will be nice . Wondering what the latest details are on shipping? Be great to have an update soon. Thanks. @CST Please give us an updated project plan as promised in update 14 (revised shipping schedule). And please share information over updates, so every backer can get them. Two months since the last proper update, fellows. Surely you will have information worth sharing with your backers by now? @Leslie Lei -- CST's post on this thread 13 January, below: ============================================== > When will the watch ship? > The survey was sent so we know how may bands of each color and size to order. > As mentioned in the survey, we aim to ship in Q1 of this year. @Pitpipo i m wondering where did you heard that info? "Latest official update" Latest official update is "shipping in Q1" so up till March @Cosmo Moore, thank you. Is this from your website(as of today) still ture? "A note regarding production: We are on track to deliver about 10,000 units to our Kickstarter backers in January, 2014. We expect to begin shipping units for people who sign up to 'pre-order' the below items beginning in February, 2014." Can we get another update on shipping please? Thanks! When will these ship? I can't wait to wear my watch :D A real update about where they stand with production and approximate shipping would be nice. Such a long time to wait... almost a year now!! @CST: >>As mentioned in the survey, we aim to ship in Q1 of this year. Taking that to mean March-ish, then? The "late January" mentioned in the November update, while also "in Q1", no longer seems to be in the cards... @Lu, you need to send a msg via the "contact me" option, not here. Dear sirs, please kindly change my order to one CST-01BL with a black front surface and a brushed titanium band instead of CST-01NR. other details remain unchanged. Thank you and kind regards. Jianming Lu Any chance of giving us an update as to when we can receive the watch? Quite overdue.... Any chance of giving us an update as to when we can receive the watch? Quite overdue.... And the more overfilled with messages clamouring for a response their inboxes get while they're away, the slower they'll be able to respond once they do get back. Patience. That's correct Darklord. In their last update we were told that CST was at CES. Give them a few days to get all the business stuff that comes from being at a big event like that out of the way before complaining that they're not answering you. I have no doubt that they'll make sure all of you who entered the wrong size by mistake will get the correct size. Just be patient. Aren't they away at a conference? Maybe we'll get more responses in a few days, until then I am waiting before filling in my survey. I am very unhappy with CST. I have made an error on the size selection - I selected medium and would like to change to a small size. I have now sent multiple e-mails to CST with zero rrsponse. Is there somewhere else where we can alter an order. Come on CST! i'm right on the cusp of the two sizes. instructions say to size down, but if the old chart is correct, the med is 15cm and if my wrist is 17, then there is a full 2cm+ in room to tweak an exacting fit. whereas the small being 13cm on a 17cm wrist would leave a hefty 4cm gap and i'm guessing would fit really tight. seems that sizing down would be more sensible and comfortable. is there a less obvious reason to size down? is titanium not shapable by end user? is the curvature different or advantageous for sizing down? thanks. Ah ... the overlap between the string and strip methods was sufficient for the small one to just land on the line between Small and Medium. So, I'm good for both my watch size selections. But the differences between the size ranges for the two methods still puzzles me. Why is the Medium range so much narrower when you measure with the strip than when you measure using string? Hi I selected large by mistake could I change it to medium? I emailed you but got not reply Thanks Gareth massey To Dave & Jerry, Have submitted the survey response but just wanted to add a note as this was my first Kickstarter pledge. It has been a pleasure to see how things progressed over the year and the updates made me feel involved ever so slightly. I have to say, come what may you have proved yourselves worthy. More timely updates would have added more to the experience but understand the job at hand was time consuming. Thank you for the ride and looking forward to delivery of the watch. Okay ... this is weird. The paper template that I just mentioned printing out, okay? The 3cm scale in the corner that you can double check the print format checked out precisely. I used an engineer's drafting ruler, so it should be reasonably accurate. The size ranges according to the survey are supposed to be: Small = 140 - 170 mm Medium =170 - 200 mm Large = 200 - But when I measure the size zones on the strip, they come out: Small = 146 - 172 mm Medium = 172 - 196 mm Large = 196 - 224 mm The Medium size range is thus almost a full centimetre shorter using the strip than using string. What's up with this? Hmm ... not having a printer handy at the time, I measured using the string method, and submitted the sizes accordingly. But just now, just to make sure, I printed out the paper template, double checked that it had printed in the correct scale, and measured again. Disturbingly, what had been comfortably in the middle of the Medium size zone with the string method, came out smack bang on the line between Medium and Large with the strip... For me, that's still quite all right of course -- Medium is still Medium -- but the second watch I pledged for that measured just barely short of the line between Small and Medium using the string may turn out be a different matter... I find myself in the same position as Adam: put in the wrong size and realized it when I hit submit. Hopefully there's a way to correct that before the item gets sent. Please let me know the weight of one package.....!! This user's account has been deleted. CST i recently completed the survey, but the next screen showed that the small size had gone through instead of the medium i need due to some kind of network issue on my end. Please check your messages. Am i totally screwed and have to buy a brand new full price watch or can my size be changed back to medium? I am waiting for photo's before filling in the survey. Hi you when you are going to start selling or take orders on your web page?... And delivery time to usa Thanks.. Im a backer I put the wrong size on the survey I measured wrong how do I change it??? If the size you go for is slightly big on your wrist, you could always put on of those charity silicone bracelets on underneath or even a wrist sweatband. So my wrist measures 20cm at it's narrowest point, that is right at the top of a medium band, will I really be ok with a medium band? Don't want it not to fit! Sounds like it's certainly scratch resistant then. Anyone who has further PVD coating questions, here's a good discussion about the use and durability of this coating on watches. <url>"none" and in the "effects" tab, "percentage of normal size" is 100%. Now, the centimeters printed on the top of the form are correct. You rock! John Fox, print it in landscape and click the box on your printer dialogue that says "no scaling" or something equivalent. There is a 3cm bar on the page -- you can hold up a ruler next to it to make sure that the printout is the proper size. Argh! When I did the survey, the email response i received said the survey had, for some reason, picked up the wrong values for the style of watch I wanted. How do I change it? I don't want a pink watch :( Sizing question: When I print out your size chart in Portrait mode, the cut-out size band is very small (7 1/4") It measures me as a large and I know that isn't right. When I print out the size chart in Landscape mode, the size band is larger (9 1/2"). On that, I'm more of a med/small. Any advice on printing and using the print-out size chart? Thank you. Hi and happy new year everyone. @ CST: My shipping adress is in germany, but in my survey respone, last line, i can read "Shipping: Within the US" wich is not correct. But i could not change this. I also payed 15$ more for international shipping. I hope everything will be fine. Just want you to have an eye on it. Thanks. Will the Black NR watch scratch through to the titanium? It's what I was planning on getting but I would hate for it to scratch easily and be ruined. O, and I'm just curious what's the size of those that you show in your pre-order website (and the Kickstarter Home page)? Are they custom made just to fit the models? Thanks. Thanks guys for sending out the survey (this means we are close to getting it because I recalled you stressed that you won't send the survey unless you absolutely need the info). Although it took us a while to see it coming into realization, I'm glad that the updates are good and they show how much effort you've put into. Best end-of-year present for me :) I'm one of those border cases between two sizes, but I believe a smaller one would be a better option, since a thin piece of object hanging loosely around my wrist would appear strange, IMO. As seen in the sample photos in the Home page a tight fit seems to look better. Hope this logic makes sense to those who are in the same situation as me. Same as Mark and Peter, please can you post an update with new photos for the colour range? Same as Mark and Peter, please can you post an update with new photos for the colour range? Could i not just simply take a measuring band to find my wrist size? This user's account has been deleted. Nice to see the survey go out. Can't wait for the shipping confirmation to arrive once production comes to a close. ^_^ Wooooooohoooooooo!!! Happy new year everyone!! Xx Thanks CST! I looked into my phone this morning to see when I ordered it just for kicks, and voila, on my way to work I get the survey email! I just got back from work, filled out the very easy survey (after using the sizing chart in the survey that I printed out to make sure I haven't gained any holiday plump in my wrists lol) and I am good to go! Once again thanks guys for doing a great job being very diligent in your work. I am also glad to hear that you really took the time, despite all of the very impatient customers (which you handled very well) to make sure that we got the best that we could for the price. Can not wait to have the worlds thinnest AND lightest watch on display at the casino I work in. I will be sure to continue to spread the word about this watch. Thanks again for the product! P.S. - Can you make sure that we get a shipping order # email when it is in transit? I live in an apartment and they are impatient about dropping off packages even when I am home they have left if I do not immediately come to them when they pull up. If I have an order number posted on my box they have to leave it at my door (which is nicer/easier). Thanks again! You guys win the best telepathy award. The last 3 updates came out just when i started to wonder how this project was doing, and now the survey. Seriously you guys at CST. This design was worth the extra wait. I look forward to your next project :) All sorted. Thanks. Thanks for the survey but what happens if you've pledged for more than 2 watches? Cheers. Hey backers, they have sent me a survey for the sizing. Shipping to be expected soon. Check your email. Hope to reach by first week of Jan for my new year gadget. Jimmy thank you once again CST !! it's a late x'mas present, but i do like the surprise from you guys when i check my email today !! oh yea !!! it's been done, from nothing to something, a culture, a trend !! oh well, happy new year !! i can not wait for "CST-02", it's going to be on my check-list, if it will happen, perhaps adding some high tech feature onto the NEXT CST watch, thank you guys! GREAT WORK!! Sorry for the typo Mr. Vondle Mr. Fondle, please post a best guess for shipping to us please. My wrist turns out to be exactly 17cm at the point I'll be wearing the watch - I hope the 'select smaller size' works out! I would also, if possible, like to see updated colors before selecting. And is it recommended to get the smaller size if between sizes? Thanks! The Estimated delivery date is September 2013 on the survey. Can we get an updated date? Ah never mind, now all of a sudden I can edit my survey... Thanks! Same as Mark, I'd love to see recent photos of the 4 color options before I answer the survey. Thanks for working so hard on this! I selected medium for my watch on the survey but didn't realize I was supposed to pick small because my size is in between small and medium... How can I change my desired watch size to SMALL? Please help! Just got a survey, would it be possible to post what the new titanium raw watches look like. I'm given a choice, but I would want to see them before I decide!! It was great to see the survey! I, for one, have been completely satisfied with the communication. The updates have been clear and thorough. If people actually read the updates, they would understand the process and the schedule. They've been saying December-January since at least July. (To me, that always meant January.) In other words, if you *needed* a watch, you shouldn't have "bought" a watch on Kickstarter. Never mind. Found it. Any last minute tips on what size range to take? I printed out the size pdf but I'm still not sure.... I had the same issue as J Rey below. CST: Please Note: I could only submit the survey by answering ALL questions. So I had to answer Whoops for the last two since I only have one watch. This project has taken so long that I've lost my watch, gotten a new one, and lost that one. 1.3 years is too long to wait for anything. I know the project creators expected it to take this long, but I have buyer's remorse. I appreciate others opinions and mine. I believe no one works 24/7. An update would take 5 minutes out of the day, off work time. The money raised by pledgers is similar to the money stockholders feed into a corporation, it allows capital to be bought to create the project/company, and possibly an ongoing concern. The last update I see here is Nov 4 and Nov 23 in updates. I don't see a problem with expecting a posting update every 2 weeks, even if it is minimal. People people, are we worried about updates or are you worried about them finishing the project? I say let them work! If they have to stop what they are doing 3 times (or more) a day to answer questions, it will only delay them that much more. Please let them finish the project and update us on some down time when they get it. Please don't attack them about updates. They have found ways to improve the product while working (mind you some ideas came from comments and questions). That is not the point. Its like having one job that you have too many people trying to get their hands in on the job. Next thing you know there is an argument about how it should be done, when, tools they should/shouldn't use. Next thing you know, nothing gets done. Please let them work. Your money is in good hands. Have faith/patience. Happy new year! Is the watch going to be shown at CES? Guys, it's Christmas time, so I would expect that the CST folks, like most are perhaps taking a little bit of a break to spend time with family, etc. From the last update, it certainly looks likes things are progressing. I suspect we'll have an update in January. Ok, it's that time of the month when we have to beg to get some news about a project we funded... Please, give us an update. So ehhhh..... CST... What's the deal? Am I getting a watch? Or are you guys testing indefinitely? Yep, at this point it's been almost a year since I backed this project, and it's been more than a month with no updates, no activity on Facebook in a month...I have little reason to believe this project is still going. Sad. No updates, we lost our money, this second time for me :( in kickstarter. Update will be nice Can we please get an update? It has basically been a month since the last update. Thanks. It does work with a case. I think. Just for the record the "it doesn't work with a case" seems to be an iPhone anomaly. It plugs in nicely on my Galaxy Note 3 with a case. But, technically, I guess you could say it doesn't work because there's no app. So, it just sits there and looks pretty. Fantastic TITAN Update! Any updates on the progress? Just curious to know how everything is coming along. Are shipping dates still on track? Have you thought about adding nfc to the watch? Thank you very very much for this update ! Is anyone remember if a question was already asked about the temporal precision of the internal oscillator ? Usually micro-controller internal oscillators are quite precise, and of course enough for a watch. We probably can determine the maximum seconds drift for a year from oscillator precision. I'm very impressed by your conscientious process! And it's so interesting to take part of it thru your updates. The choice of titanium seems perfectly natural when searching the solutions for [thee] ultimately minimalistic watch. Keep sharing, keep up the marvelous work and Good Luck! Great update. Titanium? i do not want to argue against, i am just worried about one thing. i worked with tools made from titanium and it is softer than steel, which does not mean it is the wrong material but the wristband might be damaged easier. 2nd part posted 2 minutes earlier. Wondeful, now a Ti slim watch. It's getting better all the time. Thanks on the other side, very excited about. there is now a possibility to wear it on my job, which is working on MRI Systems. Some tests for the electronic componets in this direction made? which for me means, does it still work after putting it through a 3T MRI for example. you might get some more customers when it is MRI-Safe and i would be very happy. Thanks for the great update and the work you're doing! This watch will be incredible!! @CST: I have a question about your shipping plans. Are you going to ship all the watches yourself, or will you be using a shipping company? If you'll be using a shipping company/companies, could you consider using a European-based company for all shipments to your European customers? This might make it easier on you (it did for another KS project). And it has the added benefit that European customers won't have to pay import taxes. Wow! This is one heck of an update & a damn fine upgrade too. Just when you think it can't get any better - BOOM - it does! A great way to start the New Year by looking forward to the worlds thinnest & lightest titanium watches arriving. Postage will also be cheaper now with the overall weight of the watch being reduced by so much. The only downside will be trying to decide which colour version to go for! When in doubt, buy one of each! I didn't think the surveys had been sent out yet. But when they are, you have the facility to enter your address along with selecting the colour you want. Nothing will be final until you complete the survey. Hope that helps. @central standard time may be it had been asked before, wondering if... 1) can we change mailing address before you ship? (from the survey at the end) 2) are we allow to change the color of the watch we choose at the survey? (change of heart out of sudden) Thank you for your hard work, you have our support all the way, Go CST, we love you!! For those of you who didn't expect updates to be made via Facebook: Latest updates I could find is this: Nov 16th 2013 None as yet, most recent update is on kickstarter right now. We're working on assembling parts for testing, FCC and CE certifications. Oct 15th 2013: We are on track to start delivery to kickstarter backers in December, but our battery supplier is staging production so we cannot ship without batteries. Check the kickstarter updates, there's a project plan showing all the parts and how that affects our delivery schedule. @Frederic & @Chris, You misunderstand... I completely understand production issues however a simple one liner from them would be nice. simply - "We are still having issues with production, we will provide more details soon ... the previously posted timeline is still valid however consider an extra couple weeks for delivery" is completely acceptable and takes 2min. If a bunch of people pitched in large sums of money to help you start your own business would you just go out of contact and not notify them of what's going on at all for significant periods of time? That's certainly not how the business world works. Regarding Facebook... yes, I use Facebook but I don't connect with CST on Facebook and I try to avoid adding anything other that my friends there for privacy concerns. Making updates on the site here gives me an email that I can read on my phone or wherever I go.... I'm sure I'm not the only one. @ Dave/CST - It's been a few weeks since the last update. Any news on how the scale up to production is going with Flextronics? I'm also interested to see if you have rubbed elbows with any of the other kickstarter/indigogo projects that Flextronics is handling right now as well. I think it's interesting that out of the projects I've backed on various sites, 4 of them are currently at flextronics for manufacturing, all at the same time. Seems they are the "goto" company for small run electronics fabrication. @Trademarkd - Please don't forget this is Kickstarter. A website dedicating to help starters start up their business. Looking at all the updates we received on Kickstarter (and Facebook, and face it: 1 person out of 6 in the WHOLE world is on Facebook. So not so small community) doesn't give the idea CST is "running off with our money." And I have all confidence my watch (and that of the other backers) will soon be snapped around our arms. @Trademarkd, calm down man... I see you're a KS rookie, which isnt a bad thing, but you'll soon find out that majority, actually no.... EVERY project misses its date if it involves any kind of manufacturing. Based on your comment below, its clear you are not employed in a manufacturing environment or else you would understand the inevitable delay caused by SOME unforeseen reason. Thats not a bad thing, you just are not exposed to it. When something must be designed AND manufactured, it causes even more shifts. These are to be expected...You should notice the ESTIMATED ship date was September, not guaranteed. The last schedule update they provided showed the first pieces shipping to certain backers the end of this month. Will that happen? I'm thinking no. But it should be soon, with the balance shipping probably in Jan/Feb. You'll get your watch. Just be patient... This is NOT an e-commerce website where products already exist and are off a shelf @ Toby Wild - They had to explain and apologize for not notifying the community that funded their entire operation. Not everyone uses facebook and only comes to kickstarter for updates. I find it somewhat appalling that this update has nothing to do with production standing and only about who is posting on facebook and who isn't posting on kickstarter. I expected to have my device already and the fact that there still hasn't been any kind of update on the time frame is extremely disappointing. With such a major shift in time frames it would be nice to have even a few sentence post just updating how production is going, or if we should expect further delays. CST: The way you are handling this makes it seem as if you are running off with our money. CST - Possibly the only Kickstarter project that had to explain and apologise for too many updates! Not that I do not agree with those who want updates here first rather than elsewhere, but the fact is, they are a business in the process of development. From a business perspective, advertisement is key. Though we have funded the project, more money is not a bad idea to start collecting for the business for the long run. I do not mind waiting for the updates. I am patient enough to wait for the next big thing. When I do receive updates, I cross my fingers hoping for the update saying now shipping. please be patient and understanding. It will be worth it im sure. Id rather they out together a good product then rush it and have to send it back. "Guys — it was we, the Kickstarter community, not the Facetube community, who funded this venture of yours. I would therefore expect that your primary responsibility should be to keep US, not them, updated." Exact!!! I am generally very positive about this project and how it is being managed. However, how updates are being handled is growing to be a bit of an issue. Unfortunately, it seems something I posted in the comments to the last update bears repeating here as well: "Even if you are anticipating being able to post a major update 'any day now' — letting the interval between updates run into months is not a good idea. And posting notices about impending updates only on Facebook is not cool — not all of your backers are on FB." Guys — it was we, the Kickstarter community, not the Facetube community, who funded this venture of yours. I would therefore expect that your primary responsibility should be to keep US, not them, updated. They should've updated here, but they posted on Facebook instead: Oct 13th: "6 months of fulltime work. But…final integrated circuits arrive this week for the CST-01!! A major milestone. Testing all week for quality." Oct 15th, in response to a question about when shipping will start: "December for kickstarter backers. Then staged as we receive super thin batteries. There's a schedule on kickarter with all the details there" <url>— It's been over a month. Also is there a way to cancel my pledge/order? — I'm more curious about if the option is there than actually canceling. My interest in the product is dwindling and I worry I just simply won't care by the time they are sent out especially if it's not going to make it for Christmas. Can we please get an update. Thanks. +1 w/ LFA2012. Not bein pushy, just curious what last 5 weeks has brought us. Everything still on track per the project schedule? I'm really looking forward to my watch, but I'm wondering about the future. Any plans yet for the next gen? Maybe Qi charging & Bluetooth so it can show notifications on specific devices? Sept 3rd any updates on this? My mistake, your are right. Sorry about that. If you mean the Hot Watch smartwatch that currently has a campaign on Kickstarter then your completely wrong about its size. The CST-01 is 0.8mm thick. The Hot Watch is 8mm thick. DIMENSIONS HOT Watch Basic, Classic & Edge: 34mm x 42mm x 8mm That's a big difference. In fact, the CST-01 is ten times thinner & still is the World's Thinnest Watch! CST-01 is not the only 0.8mm watch any longer. The Hot Watch also is also 0.8mm thick. @Bruce - the Indiegogo page was removed. Go @Bert Go! I was just about to post a link to that as well. Seems there is a spate of copies on Indiegogo. Something similar has happened to the game Shadow of the Eternals. Looks like someone is copying you on Indiegogo <url>"inside" the band), and not prominently positioned as we have seen in one of the updates. At the end, the contact points are still on the "outside" but they are now hidden, and that's what people were really after when they were talking about having the contact points "inside". CST understood our expectations on one point, and that is what really matters. No if only the charger could look a little bit better :) @bert, I do understand you, I just disagree. You said this. "people who never question anything ("it was MADE that way" type of people), people who accept any products "blindly" because it was made by "knowledgeable" people, people who spend their time saying that non technical people (the worst kind : consumers) should more or less shut up, are in fact working AGAINST the products and the companies making them." No they aren't. They are leaving the job to people who know what they are doing. If the CST team had given in to the requests of people here, and kept the original design, we would have ended up with the following design flaws 1. A bulky charger which isn't pocketable. 2. Eposed brass contacts on the inside of the watch band, increasing friction and exposed to corrosion. 3. Multiple laminations of the body, weakening the structure. 4. Reduced water resistance. Fortunately the CST team chose to trust its own engineers and designers, who know what they are talking about. "We will probably never know, but I believe that if the contact points are now hidden, it is probably because some "incompetents" voiced their concerns about the look of it. " No. No one actually asked for the contacts to be hidden in the way they are now concealed. People asked for the contacts to be kept VISIBLE, BUT ON THE INSIDE OF THE BAND, as shown in the original design. Let's be clear about this; they asked for what the CST team had designed ORIGINALLY. The CST team didn't give them what they asked for; they gave them something better; now it doesn't matter where the contact points are, because they are concealed. And this concealment is possible because now the body has less laminations, and that is possible because the CST team decided to put the contact points ON THE OUTSIDE, in complete defiance of what people here asked for. Too bad about Thinergy! But like you said, now you have more time to perfect the design and production of the watch. So, good luck, CST!! Hope I was clear, not clean :) (Please KS, let us edit our comments !!!) @jon I am not sure you get my point, and that's probably due to the fact the English is not my first language, but I am going to try to rephrase it in a clearer way: people who never question anything ("it was MADE that way" type of people), people who accept any products "blindly" because it was made by "knowledgeable" people, people who spend their time saying that non technical people (the worst kind : consumers) should more or less shut up, are in fact working AGAINST the products and the companies making them. We will probably never know, but I believe that if the contact points are now hidden, it is probably because some "incompetents" voiced their concerns about the look of it. Yeah, the idea to keep the contact points inside the band was not smart, but hey, without people telling how much they did not like the "golden" contact points on the outside, the contact points would probably still be very apparent. These "incompetent" people did not find the solution to the problem. These "incompetent" people did not make them disappear. They simply draw the attention to the issue and now it is...fixed. That's why engineers and technical guys should always be challenged by "incompetents" like us ! As long as we are not MAKING the products (I agree it would probably be terrible), comments and criticisms, even the stupid ones, should we welcomed and not scorned. So far, CST has shown a positive attitude about such comments. Sometimes they seem to listen to them, sometimes they don't. On the average, they seem to understand that the watches will also be worn by "incompetents" like us an I appreciate it :) Hope I was clean and once again, sorry for my terrible English. @Bert, the people who know what they're talking about already understood what people who paid were hoping for. That's why they came up with an intelligent solution. If that had been left to incompetents who merely 'voice their concerns', we would have ended up with a product which didn't function properly. People who only post here to criticize the decisions of the production team, can't then turn around and claim credit for the skills and creativity of the team. And once again we see the importance to voice our concerns in order to let people "who know what they are taking about " understand what people "who paid/pledged for the whole thing" expect. I am sure we all willl be happy with the end result :) I liked the look of the old charge station better than the look of the new one, but the new one is pocketable and the old one wasn't, which is a huge improvement. The CST team have also been firm about keeping the charge contacts on the front of the watch, and as a result they have managed to reduce the lamination of the device, improving quality and durability. Not only that, but they have now found a way to conceal the contact points despite the fact that they're on the front of the watch. I am very glad they didn't submit to calls to keep the contacts on the inner band of the watch. Once again we see the importance of leaving design decisions to people with the experience and knowledge to know what they are talking about. Nice update. It answered most of my questions, and I like the way they hide the contact points on the watch. Voicing our concerns about how we disliked the way it looked before probably helped them a bit to make this change. Well, I can dream :) The only thing I know for sure is that saying "everything is perfect and should not be questioned in any way by consumers, because, well, they don't know how to make things" is the best way to lead a project to sales failure. Happily for us, CTS seem to care about their backers and future customers. If this project was led by people who do not care about consumers expectations and only think as engineers do, well I would have never been interested in the first place, even if the watch was free (or found in a street). I only have 2 wrists therefore I am picky :) On another subject, I will still expect to get news from the place where I pledged, as it is usually the case with KS projects. Sorry for my clumsy English. Sorry for my poor English, >>Anyway, at least, I still have chance to GET a nice watch, please, don't disappointed me again. After I read the CTS's update, I guess, old charge station is not coming back... So sad, I understand those changed is for a better produce, but I still feel a little bit disappointed. Anyway, at least, I still have chance to give a nice watch, please, don't disappointed me again. @David Livermore, the CST team were providing responses almost every day on Facebook. If people really want information, they'll go to where they can find it. If they want to sit around on the Kickstarter site hitting F5 every day and having a whinge, they'll do that instead. As for 'respectfully and considerately', I don't believe your demand 'Provide an update or provide a refund' matches that description, especially when you said they had gone two months without updating people, whereas in reality they had been communicating almost daily with people on Facebook. If I were them I would issue you a refund immediately, and just kick you off the project. Excellent update, thanks for keeping me posted. Not all of us use FB or other sites for updates. So they should update here initially, then the other sites. I'm satisfied with the update - but people have been taken on Kickstarter. So, as backers, we are a right to voice our concerns, "respectfully and considerately". Mine have been that. Well said Cosmo. And yeah, some of them will probably not comment on the improvement, and try to think of something else to complain about. We'll get more suggestions about how the CST team should have listened to completely unqualified people who don't know what they're talking about. Personally, if I had wanted to spend my money on people who don't know how to run this project properly, I would have just thrown it into the street. This will be an 11 month project. Be patient. Thank you CST for the very thorough update. Would you have rather had them post 'oh sh#t! The battery we were gonna use is no longer an option! Everyone panic!" Instead they waited until they had a solution and answer. Thanks CST, I'd rather you take your time to hammer out the quallity. On a side note all you peeps that were complaining bout the external contact points ruining the look gotta be happy, right? lol@Benjamin. Talk about embarrassing. update. please. we gave you a million dollars, take 4 seconds to post an update even if nothing has changed since the last.... PLEASE! Yes, they're being very communicative on Facebooks. Last update there was July 25, and they've been answering questions all week. Excellent communication. A suggestion to anyone who backs someone on Kickstarter, use social networking sites to better keep track of those projects you back. Yes, getting regular updates all the time here on KS would be great but face it, not everything is worthy of that sort of update. Some things are just better suited to Twitter and Facebook. In regards to updates on this project, CST said on Facebook just a few days ago that they had to find a new battery supplier due to Thinergy leaving the battery market. The very next day they said they see the light at the end of the tunnel and have a new plan/scheduled that works. This suggests to me that despite the battery issue, they still think they'll meet the estimated delivery date of September. They also mentioned that a new update here should be posted within the week. Provide an update or provide a refund - almost two months now with $1 million of users money. I think everyone deserves an update, please. Seeing as the money was all raised on Kickstarter, you'd have thought they could have put any update no matter how big or small here on Kickstarter instead of backers having go look elsewhere for information. About updates No big news yet, everything goes on schedule Watch CST twitter for small updates: <url>"everything is going fine" Any updates? It's been about 6 weeks since the last. Update please, one month from the last one. Thank you I think I remember getting an email stating they now have to clear up some contract / legal questions. They stated it was tedious work. Yes, please update. You need to keep people up to date. I wonder if the CST-01 team went to "KS school" :) Please, UPDATE. "Sharing the process Once your project is successfully funded, don’t forget about all the people that helped make it possible. Let backers and spectators watch your project come to life by sharing the decisions you make with them, explaining how it feels as your goal becomes a reality, and even asking them for feedback. Keeping backers informed and engaged is an essential part of Kickstarter." <url>#project_updates @ Leon...Let's cross our fingers! It's the watch we will be wearing on our wrists, not the charger. A charger that is small, neat and works is surely fine? I'd be upset if they changed the look of the watch at this late stage -- after all this is all about the watch. But the charger? Best they design and engineer that to work as well as possible, not to preserve the original look... I hate the new design of the charger too... :( PLEASE DON'T CHANGE IT!!! An update would be greatly appreciated. This is starting to look like another geode, rather not go through the hassle of getting a refund again. On another note, have to agree with the sentiments here in regards to the charger. The old charger had a more stylish design IMO. Also is there a way to avoid having to actually insert it. I'm generally loath to "Dock" things and prefer to place them. For example the charger on the pebble is great at solving this or the MacBook charger. Patience! I love how CST respect their users by doing many regular updates and consider bakers opinion prior doing major changes to project. It's been more than a month since the last update. How are things going? Thanks! @Marco, you're 2-3 months too early. The earliest delivery date for non-beta watches is September. Uh, where's my watch? You never know, the charger design may end up changing again before production commences. I really loved the old charger design, it looked better than the new one Dear CST, can we get our monthly update and best guess for backer shipping date ? @Jon Burke @Lak I partially agree with Lak's idea that we like the design that's why we pledge. Also, we're backer, so that i think we can raise up our point of view. But I also agree that the project owner can change design with reasonable reasons. To the new design, @Central Standard Timing, I think the "Yellow Contact Points" is not well enough, at least looks not well, especially under "Black" background. If @Central Standard Timing is able to neutralize this issue with improved design, will be good I got an answer to my question : Thanks CST, could you please tell us if there will be a risk of "wear and tear" due to the fact that we will have to "insert" the watch inside the charger ? Thanks for your answer. CST : "We are prototyping and testing this to ensure we avoid wear and tear." Consumers are a driving force, pushing companies to get beyond what their engineers say is feasible or sensible, and from my own 30 years of experience (product marketing and advertising), it is very often for the better good .Thanks NH for your comments and expectations. I agree with corporate3-6. The company for which I work receives regular comments from customers about how to 'improve' our product. Currently studying a PhD in industrial management, and having a considerably better understanding of our product than the average customer, I know exactly why 99% of customer suggestions are impractical at best. They typically demonstrate a significant misunderstanding of the engineering challenges involved (and in some cases the underlying physics). In this particular case, while I liked the original charger design I can understand why it was changed. I'm also happy that the new charger is pocket portable, whereas the previous one wasn't. That's a significant advantage as far as I'm concerned. NH, I don't think backing a project entitles one to have access to every detail of the project, and have input on every design decision. Any product designed by committee will be a failure. The CST guys produced a fabulous design that looks amazing, and they should trust their own judgement over that of a massive herd of people who all have different opinions and ideas. I don't mean that to sound too caustic, it's just the reality of design. I personally don't really understand the commotion over the charger. I think the original looks nicer, but I'm not expecting to impress anyone with the charger- it's functional and that's all I expect from it. As for the gold contacts on the exterior side of the watch... maybe on the interior would be optimal, but it's not such a massive issue that it turns a beautiful watch into an ugly industrial looking piece. I think you are drastically overstating your case regarding the effect of the contacts on the outside. I wish my iPad had an SD card slot.. but not having it doesn't make the iPad junk. It means Apple has something to strive for. the CST guys got a million dollars because they were able to come up with a design that was fascinating to thousands of people. They need to trust that artistic eye and judgement that got them here, and not be swayed by backers, IMO. Also, it gives them something to strive for in version 2.... after they learn from making the CST-01, maybe the CST-02 will have contacts on the back, or a color screen, or.. who knows. The possibilities are endless. Placing them on the end of the band but still on the interior, doesn't solve these issues. 1. Placing the contacts anywhere on the interior of the band (even on the end), is going to bring them into regular contact with your skin, unless you hold the watch with your other hand to keep the contacts from ever touching your wrist (which is highly impractical). 2. This is not just about what's behind the screen, it's explicitly about 'Getting everything to stay stuck down on the band'. That's 'down on the band', not just 'behind the screen'. 3. As they have said, '8 holes in the back of the band could jeopardize our ability to best keep everything together'. "Finally, there is a difference with stating that they have not had an issue than stating that they have specifically stress tested that part given that it is an obvious friction point. An equally acceptable response would have been that they fully intend to stress test it to ensure that no wear marks appear after simulated years of use." To me, an acceptable response is a logically coherent and rational answer based on their engineering knowledge and their personal experience with their own product. I expect them to know what an acceptable answer is; I do not expect anyone here to understand what an acceptable answer is. If I thought the average backer here knew more about this product than the people manufacturing it, I wouldn't be backing this project in the first place. I do not trust the average backer here to know what they are talking about, and some questions have indicated that some people have no idea at all what they are talking about, and have not even read (let alone comprehended), the answers supplied. For example, after they explained that '8 holes in the back of the band could jeopardize our ability to best keep everything together', we still had people insisting that eight holes should be in the back of the band anyway. Those are the kinds of people I want to be kept well away from any design decisions. In any case, they already said 'We will be lifecycle testing our prototypes in order to make sure that the watch can withstand daily abuse', and I don't see why that isn't an acceptable answer given you said 'An equally acceptable response would have been that they fully intend to stress test it to ensure that no wear marks appear after simulated years of use'. As they pointed out, the watch will only be charged about twelve or fourteen times a year. That means inserting the watch end into the charger about twelve of fourteen times a year. I don't doubt that they've already had more than enough experience to be sure of what's going to happen over the course of a year or so. But 'no wear marks after simulated years of use' is not realistic; in this universe the law of friction applies, and wear and tear is inevitable over time. I do not expect the watch or charger to show 'no wear marks' after years of use, given we are dealing with rubber and metal. The previous charging method, which would have had people throwing or dropping their watch onto the charger, would have risked repeatedly scratching and impact damage over time, which none of the backers seemed to notice. "Jon, I hope you understand that some of us have legitimate questions and concerns and are looking for the CST Team to respond clearly to them." Yes I do, and I believe the CST team has provided clear answers for those people. But I don't think that's what some people want; I think they want a redesign of the watch to their specifications, regardless of whether or not it's practical to do so. Virtually all I have seen here is 'I don't think it's pretty anymore, give me what I want or I'll throw a tantrum!'. @Jon Burke, those reasons were provided for why it is no longer under the screen. Keeping the contacts on the end of the band but on the interior would be vastly different and these reasons would not apply. 1) still no access for water to get into electronics and screen. 2) given it is at the end where the band flares away from you, irritation is highly unlikely. 3) no thickness issue given that it is not under the screen but rather placed along the same place in the band just on the other side. 4) again this refers to trying to keep everything together where the screen is located and this not what is being proposed. Finally, there is a difference with stating that they have not had an issue than stating that they have specifically stress tested that part given that it is an obvious friction point. An equally acceptable response would have been that they fully intend to stress test it to ensure that no wear marks appear after simulated years of use. Jon, I hope you understand that some of us have legitimate questions and concerns and are looking for the CST Team to respond clearly to them. Thanks. The CST team have provided several reasons as to why the contacts are now on the exterior of the watch band instead of the interior. 1. "If we remove all bare copper from the bottom, there is no way for water to get in". 2. "The bottom of the DVU has 4 holes for the data and charging ports. The edges of these holes are about 0.2 mm thick. If you are really active and the band is rubbing on your skin for an extended period of time these holes could potentially cause irritation where a smooth band wouldn't". 3. "Charging ports behind the screen require an extra layer of adhesive and an extra layer of circuit board:. 4. "Getting everything to stay stuck down on the band is not trivial. We have found that 8 holes in the back of the band could jeopardize our ability to best keep everything together". Bert, the CST team have also already answered the question of 'wear and tear' on the edge of the watch, when inserted and removed from the charging station. "We have prototypes of the new charger and have had no issues with the edges, in fact the new charger will be softer as it has a rubberised outer skin." CST, it is very disappointing that there was a long period of no communication only for you to come back to state that you have made fairly significant design changes to address concerns that you never let us know you had. Yes, we are backing a product still in the development phase but keeping your backers informed throughout the process would have been much better received rather than just unveiling the final outcome. Having us provide some degree of input, albeit minimal, given engineering and cost will be your primary governing factors. Still some input is better than non at all. Obviously, there are going to be some varying opinions based on your quite noticeable change. In my case, although I definitely prefer the old base, I can live with the new one as long as the insertion will not cause wear marks over time (a concern raised by several folks but that you have not responded to yet). Of greater concern and frankly something that just puzzles me is why you chose to place the contacts on the exterior of the watch. Yes, yes, I understand why it is no longer centered underneath the centre of the watch but why have the exposed ends face the outside on the end of the watch rather than the inside. Aesthetically, it is frankly an eyesore, and as one backer states, it takes away the mystery of how such a thin watch operates for an extended period from a power perspective. That is a major disappointment that I just can not get over and it has ruined this Kickstarter campaign for me and more importantly for my wife who was getting her first Kickstarter item through this campaign. She, like me, finds the exposed contacts extremely ugly and turns what were very elegant watches to more industrial looking watches. I am not sure if it is too late or if you are listening to your backers, but I really hope you would reconsider this aspect of the design so that the watches' appearance can return back closer to what they were originally like while still addressing some of the issues you encountered. In other words, the contacts would not be centered but continue to be on the end and work by inserting in the new base charging but that the contacts would appear on the inside of the band and not on the outside. Please respond to these concerns. Thanks. @Lak,我懂你為什麼很失望。本來的圖樣我也比較喜歡。但是CST的團體說明很清楚他們為什麼換。他們有很好的理由；放在你皮肤上比較舒服，產品比較薄了，比較不容易腐蝕。 I remember somewhere mentioned that we shouldn't keep charging the battery unnecessarily but at the same time shouldn't let the battery drain till it's dead to ensure the longevity. Does the watch have an indicator to tell us it's time to recharge? Might not remember when I last charge the watch a month ago?! Any chance of having the mock ups & anything else that's of relevance on the Centralstandardtiming Facebook page being compiled & sent out as an update? Would be handy for those of us that haven't got Facebook to see what's what. Thanks. Thanks for the explanation of the reasons for moving the charging contacts. If anyone hasn't done so, a visit to the CST Facebook page is worthwhile. There are some mock-ups that look really good. <url>"wear and tear" due to the fact that we will have to "insert" the watch inside the charger ? Thanks for your answer. @CST Still none of provided arguments explain shape contrast to watch itself. Watch is curved with smooth rounded edges, charger is rough sharp brick. You could do round edges to charger. You could do charger a bit curve-shaped, so when watch is inserted they would form a full closed circle. Or something like that. That would follow round & curve watch design. What you've done is called "халтура" in Russian - something that has not enough proper thinking & efforts applied. Good call @CST on the travel size for those of us who do travel. Granted, when I travel now I don't change my watch... I probably wont in the future either, but the level of thought given is very respectable. The abrasion topic is a very good one, as well. Again, I do not wear my watch for gym workouts, but some may, or even for running/cycling and it could possibly be a rub point -- even still may be. I don't see there being much wear and tear from inserting into charger. It's a plastic structure, which IT would get marred up from the watch before it damages the metal components of the watch. Not sure what the top "visible" layer is on the ends, if its an acrylic or not, but that could get scratches and will be interested to see what @CST says. Thanks CST, could you please tell us if there will be a risk of "wear and tear" due to the fact that we will have to "insert" the watch inside the charger ? Thanks for your answer. Still love the watch and the work you guys are doing. I feel I understand why you had to make some changes and because it need only be charged once a month I too won't say too much. BUT that being said when not being charged this Cracker Jack boxie thing will be at the bottom of the deepest darkest dresser drawer I have! Love the watch and font though, great design! @Joshua haha thanks, good job google translate... @Chris, you don't understand Lak because it was written in Chinese charcter, not Japanese (kanji or otherwise) @contact point INSIDE. I brought up to project owner that having TWO different metal in constant contact with each other, and in the presence of sweat might cause galvanic corrosion. Whether this change address the issue, i don't know, but it's for the better (for now). That being said I wished that the contact could have stayed hidden (or camouflaged) Im not wooried about charging messing up the face. If we had to charge daily or weekly maybe. But once a month, be gentle, i dont expect that to do anything to it I dont mind exterior contact points. It's on the side of the face, that will be the under part of my wrist, doesnt bother me. @Bert #3 is probably the most valid argument anyone has made yet. Again... its a charger, but if a charger regardless of design causes unnecessary damage then it should be addressed. Bert, issue 3 about wearing is interesting one. Agree on that. Basically old station is elegant enough to serve as stand-alone watch, when not wearing, and is more wear/tear-safe. Actually I even would be ashamed to put new ugly one somewhere where it would be visible to guests. Actually the only reason about new charging station design that I personally thing is real - make it cheaper 10 times. Same goes for contacts placement. It is harder and more expensive to do proper contacts on metal back, as this requires proper isolation and additional holes in metal. I don't really think CST were thinking about beauty, but about making it cheaper. I clearly see new design(both of watch & charger) is much cheaper in look and in manufacturing. I'm very disappointed about where it is going. Hope I am wrong and hope they care about people opinions. I am not happy with the new design for several reasons : 1/ New charge station + watch is going to take a huge amount of space on a nightstand. I was thinking of using the charger station as a night "dock" (unplugged, except once a month). Now it will probably not be possible (also, see point 3) 2/ Charger plug on the outside of the watch is going to ruin part of the magic. Before people would have wondered about the source of energy of the watch (among other things), now it will be obvious, even worse, it will be "plain". 3/ Wear and tear. Before, the watch was "dropped" on the charger. Contact points were in the "inside" of the watch. There were no much risks that any wear and tear would appear due to charging the watch once in a while. Wear and tear, especially on the outside of the watch, seems to be a lot more likely due to the fact that the watch will be "inserted" in the charger rather than delicately "dropped" on it. Now you know about the "trivial things" I am not happy with, I just hope that this "new" design is not final @Lak, 私はあなたが言うことを試みたのかわからないので、Googleがあなたの日本語を翻訳しませんが、私はそれが良かったことを確認しています。 I'm with you @Andrew, I shouldn't judge you. I am sorry. Just wish CST could continue without the distractions of people getting upset over such trivial things. @CST, I think your ability to stay focused during these unforeseen changes should be complimented. Good going guys. It still remains a gorgeous watch. We will all be happier when you start shipping. Please don't delay this any longer. Chris, >>You need to remember you are pledging an idea, not a product. Maybe you think that charge station is a gift, but I think it should be a part of the whole idea. >>So many whiners... I have my comment but I don't think you have the authority to judge me. My English not very well, in my language I will tell you "這個世界不是繞著你在轉的". Chris, if you don't care about something, why you think other people who care and who don't like something (and that something can be anything) should not comment? :) Don't make decisions about what should others be bothered of. I think that design should be consistent & polished in every aspect, including charger, including contacts position. Get over it, there are people with different opinion and they have rights to speak here. Don't shut me up, please. Sorry for offtopic, won't do again. Maybe you can get a refund then. The only valid point you have, and others, is the change of the contacts to the "front of the face". If they were visible while looking at the time, then yes. Considering they are on the bottom of the "face" which will normally be either against your side or down on a table and NOT VISIBLE, is it really that big of a deal? Are you going to immediately upon someone asking you to see your watch extend your arm out upside down? Or will you extend it with the face up? I mean come on... And the charger? Get over it. IT IS A CHARGER THAT STAYS IN YOUR HOUSE ON A TABLE AND IS NEVER SEEN! And you bought into the CONCEPT of the watch. It was functional prototypes. It was not a production design. This is KICKSTARTER, not amazon. You need to remember you are pledging an idea, not a product. It just so happens you get a product in return if you pledge accordingly. This is not a medium for people/companies to have a current product to sell... Its to finish the design and go into production... Chris, if you don't care, why would you comment? I care about final product, I will post my opinion. Every opinion is important. I'm not buying a freaking watch for the charger. If you're complaining about the CHARGING station, you need to get a hobby... And the contacts would probably aesthetically be placed on the back to be better... But if its a better product, then leave them on front. So many whiners... @ CST I agree Andrew, the new design of charge station is not better for me, and I also don't the charger contact in front, it does not look good. I like that original design. I know maybe all those modification are for make a better product. But I think you sure persist your DESIGN because THIS IS WHY WE PLEDGE YOU!! I think I still want to get your watch even you modify your original design. But, it would be very disappointing for me. My English is not very well, but I hope you can feel how disappointed I am. Thanks. More detailed photos provided don't do charger less rectangular, boxy & ugly. More detailed photos provided don't hide metal contacts on watch front Contacts should be on back & invisible while wearing. This little issue is very important i think. I supported original design, I would never donate new one. Design of this watch & charger is basically the most important thing here. People donated it and you change it so radically. New charge station is pretty ugly. I hope I still can get original. And metal charging contacts should be at watch back, not on front, spoiling everything Just reading through these comments about delivery. CST should stay the course and focus on building a great quality product first and foremost. I want to get my hands on it as badly as anyone, but I'd rather wait longer for quality than have CST be pressured into making a lot of painful compromises to hit their original delivery estimate. Of course by end of year I might be singing a different tune ;-) Love the work. I'm a backer and can't wait to see the finished product. I really appreciate the focus on water resistance. It would be frustrating to watch a sudden rainstorm destroy this beauty. I'm kind of bummed out about the charging station redesign - it just looks a little awkward to me. I think if you just made it more of an oval the lines would fit better with the watch. Regardless keep up the good work. Great publicity in the NYT recently! Nice update. Seems you have a well structured and clear approach to your works. Is there a date you have in mind where your final changes / improvements have to have a line drawn under them for you to be able to meet your deadlines? I only ask as a couple of other projects I have back have gone back 2 months, which we were told two weeks before there shipping date apparently. I hope it has occurred to you guys that when all the dust settles, it would be nice to publish a nice, glossy, soft-cover book chronicling the project from start to finish. In a way, this is a somewhat historically significant event, and many of us would gladly pay a modest sum for a well illustrated memento of your struggles to complete the design and enhance its manufacturability. I doubt if anyone will ever surpass your achievement by creating a thinner watch. Every time I read your latest Update I think about this and wish I had a collection of all the updates. Maybe if I search through all my old e-mails I can find them, but a nice, bound copy would be a great companion to the gift of one of these watches many of us are planning to make. Tommy Tyler Nobody has chosen their final colours & sizes yet. This will all be done by way of a survey which we'll be sent at a later date. When the campaign was live, you could pledge for one of the four available colours but that wasn't final. People who made multiple pledges had no way to choose multiple colours & also people can change their minds. It's quite a while between the campaign end date and the estimated shipping date. When the survey gets sent out, that'll be the time to choose colours, sizes etc. I bet the survey won't be out until just before the watches are ready to be shipped out. Not too sure about the New charging Station. The old one looked nice. Well it's mostly about the watch anyway. Still, this looks like the watch could easily drop out the charging slot. As for the survey... Didn't I already choose size, color and shipping information? Not bad if it's still possible to change the order, but don't you already have the Data? ah geez autocorrect! "typo" Pardon my previous type: "Coming up on 6 weeks since an update. Any news to share?" Coming up on 6 weeks since and update. Any news to share? Thanks @Will, update 9 will answer you first question. Is it possible to change colors before getting ours shipped? What choice of international shipping will there be? Patience is definitely needed with some campaigns (ask any Pebble backers I'm with ya... I love getting updates. But I also don't get bent out when I don't get as many as I'd like. The way I see it, just support more projects on KS and you'll get a bunch more updates to look for Honestly, I think there is nothing unreasonable to ask for an update once in a while, even if there isn't much to update. Yes, September is a long way off, but it has now been over a month since their last update, which had nothing to do with production anyway. I don't think most people require an extensive novel on the daily goings on, but a simple, 'Hey guys, we're still working on everything and getting organized/supplier quotes/etc., and all is still on track' would be appreciated by most and would also help to keep the backers who lean towards impatience from starting to become 'that rude guy' who leaves obnoxious comments long before they should. I'm sure that CST is probably very busy working on this very awesome watch and doing their best to make sure everything is just right before bringing it to market, but it's not too much to ask for 20 minutes every few weeks just to be kept in the loop. Just my two cents. :) On the other hand, I agree with you guys, we probably don't need an "update" just now, September is still far away... But a few comments over here, time to time, would be kind of nice :) If I could downvote Chris comment and yours I would :) "Sharing the process Once your project is successfully funded, don’t forget about all the people that helped make it possible. Let backers and spectators watch your project come to life by sharing the decisions you make with them, explaining how it feels as your goal becomes a reality, and even asking them for feedback. Keeping backers informed and engaged is an essential part of Kickstarter." <url>#project_updates If I could upvote the comment from Chris I would. If you have something productive you think you could do to assist in production, send a direct message. Otherwise chill out and let them work. Every second spent dealing with unreasonable people is an extra second between you and your product. @everyone, calm down. Im sure as items progress they will update us. Most people don't really care about "well, we were trying to source our aluminum bending vendor and finally found one." Additionally, there is no schedule provided on the main project page to show milestones, which is what you would hold them accountable. You didn't ask the questions ahead of time (for milestones of project schedule), so now you cant. Just calm down... Still no updates? This is rubbish. Yeah, I think it's time for an update :) Updates? Where are the updates? It's been a whole month. Updates? Don't mean to nag but I like to know the process behind making the watch Any updates? any new updates and when will the sizing survey will be sent out? Great work and awesome article guys! @Shimizu Not to worry -- they haven't asked you for your shipping address yet (through the survey) and won't do for perhaps months yet. @cst, great update guys. I was looking for an update and you did a great job. I sure hope you finalize things and move into production. We backers are ready to enjoy this incredible watch. Check update #4 for a printable sizing sheet. Though they did say the sizing may change before the final survey is sent. Is it possible to have a printable size sheet so we can cut them out and see on our wrist what size would be the best for us when it comes time for surveys? how can I change my shipping address? I'm going to move within a month :( @Adan No, the survey hasn't gone out. CST have said that will happen as late as practical, gleaning the information they need before going into production -- so probably months off yet. Would anyone please tell me if the project's survey already passed or not? I mean, when can I pick up the size and all that sort of things? I was tempted by the Pebble Watch but after discovering the Worlds Thinnest Watch the Pebble just looked pretty dull & boring. I pre-ordered a couple of the CST-01s as soon as I saw them on here. The idea, design & styling looks pretty darn good. The available colours all look great. September can't get here quick enough. No pressure @CST, but I've just had my Pebble pre-order refunded based (in part) on the fact that a gleaming new CST-01NR will be on my wrist come September. So it had better be good! :-) Yeah, I hear ya. I also backed Original Grain wood watches on Kickstarter. They're being pretty active post funding. I went a little nuts after discovering Kickstarter. Backed 15 things. I'd say half do a great job of updating, half do little or no updating once funding is done , doesn't seem to be much middle ground here. At least with CST we've got til Sept. i've backed projects with March and April est deliveries that aren't giving updates Cosmo a picture and "still working hard, still slow" is certainly better than silence. Silence can mean working hard, or not working at all. I know which company is behind CST and trust them but I can see how others don't if they don't get any information at all for half a month. Even you will have a threshold maybe not two weeks but after half a year you might get nervous too :-p Second what Robert said. The est delivery is September. Take a chill pill. What kind of update do you want? "Working hard on manufacturing...its slow, hard work" One week later "Still working hard, still slow", Anyone who keeps nagging CST for updates should just go start their own Kickstarter and see what it's like on the other end of that nonsense. Just let them work. I don't want a response to every question, but a nice big update every week or so would be nice, only takes a couple of minutes to let us know what is going on. Silence makes people nervous, even when they are confident in a project. One small issue I want to bring to your attention is that heat might affect towards battery run time. Is this a real problem or do I worry too much? Do you expect any customs issues for international shipping? I just noticed that pebble watches seem to lack some of the required documents. (<url>#4 It appears there is a sizing chart I missed. Can someone tell me how to get it ? Thanks I lost my email for the sizing. How can I get that back? Also, are we going to be able to charge the station and watch directly into a wall outlet? Hope so. Thanks @Mark: It's September somewhere in the universe... For everyone who just can't wait. You can always print extra size charts, cut them out and tape them on your wrist for a temporary fashion statement. BONUS: @12:46 you will have the correct time, twice every day!! Sorry, I had a few min with nothing to think about..... :) @Angela: Yes, that's the "Nando Rossi" Edition (I think it looks stunning & it's what I'll be wearing come september :-). You'll find it on the right-hand-side of this page. I understand it'll be one of the colour options you'll be able to choose when the survey reaches us in a few months' time. I noticed you had a black on black watch on your website. Is that part of the selection offered (on Kickstarter) or will we only have access to the black on stainless steel color? You will have to wait for the survey you can no longer manage your pledge. This user's account has been deleted. @CST Great thanks -- that makes sense. (Is it September yet? Is it September yet? Is it... :-) @Jacob $109 is only for the watch, you need to buy the Base Station $30 for charging also. I think in most cases KS backer is getting $10 less than the CST Website. If they dont take my money soon theres likely to be a problem since im changing bank soon which means my card will soon be nothing but a piece of plastic... What the hell? I pay $129 and back you guys, and now you sell them for $109? I'm calling my credit card company and disputing the charge, this is bullshit. @peckue: the survey will likely be months from now -- see CST's comment further down this page which says: "We will not sent the color & size selection survey until we absolutely need these details for final manufacturing in order to give people time to decide and to make sure we have final sizing info. The timing of the issuance of this survey will likely be in the scale of months not days." @CST@mark Wheadon totaly agree with mark Wheadon; I'm little disapointed to see who people who believe in the project have nothing more, people who buy it in september just before the release. an other point : i did not recieve the survey (to choose the size) is that normal? (really sorry for my english, i'm french) @David Lykins: I agree. But it's funny to read how everyone gets nervous because they didn't write anything for 7 days! Haha long wait for september guys. @Mark Wheadon: Well somewhere during the campaign I think I read that there will be a preorder phase with the chance to buy another watch for (almost) the kickstarter price. That was because some people had to change there pledges from two watches to one. (Because it wasn't kickstarter rule conform.) @mark Wheadon @CST Mark is right. What is the point of being a backer if people are able to order the same product at the same price after the KS campaign. If at least OUR CST-01 were different, like let's say, with a "KS Edition" engraved somewhere in the Inside of the band :.) @CST In your early bird special you said (still say): "The watch will retail for more than $170." which will have encouraged people to back through kickstarter rather than waiting for a lower-risk post-kickstarter purchase. Now you say the post-kickstarter price will be $129 -- the same as the kickstarter price? If 7 days is too long to wait, y'all are going to be nervous wrecks by September.... Lol @CST Team, thanks for the update and the posts here. It is great to hear from you guys. Hopefully, all will go smoothly and we can enjoy our fabulous CST watches this September (we can't wait). Keep up the fantastic work and please update us from time to time. Thanks. How to select the size for my CST-01? Posted by CST on their Facebook page: "CST email servers are down :/ sorry to those that have been trying to reach us, we’re working on a fix!" Guys, you neeed to learn to be patient, and your patience will be rewarded. There is nothing wrong with the absence of updates. Such projects take weeks or months to make an actual progress that could be reported to us. You would think a "all is well, we'll get back to you soon guys" comment in this stream wouldn't go amis. I don't see how anybody can be too busy for that, surely? Particularly as not doing that will be generating a whole load of personal messages they will need to answer. No Worries! CST is somehow related to IDEO. At least Dave Vondle is an interaction designer at IDEO and Jerry O'Leary is a design director there Looking at IDEO's homepage also shows our CST watch. <url>"contact us" email. I am concerned because of the failure notice below: Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: <email> Technical details of permanent failure: Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the server for the recipient domain centralstandardtiming.com by smtp.secureserver.net. [72.167.238.201]. The error that the other server returned was: 550 #5.1.0 Address rejected. I sure hope all is Weil at cst,,,,, - Now, for everyone who wanted more than one watch (with or without charger), you can pre order them for about the same price on the homepage of cst. - For everyone who is asking for updates on the project, just go to the facebook site of cst. Its open for any visitors. - And now for my personal interests: CST go make an solar version of this watch!!! (u know with bended solar panels on the steel body, on each side of the display) ->No charging ever! <- And call it the Stoy-Edition for godss sake ( I supposed this first on the second day of the funding) @Bob Johnson, I am glad that they have responded to you but since the project closed they have not responded to my direct message and are not responding here. I have to say that I am getting concerned about the lack of communication. There is a long time before shipping so regular communications are important to keep backers informed of progress (good and bad). The CST team can turn this around but they need to start communicating. Frankly, it is strange to not have an update after the successful closing of a project, and it has been over a week. I want to complement the cst team. If you click the blue box on the right side and click the contact me link, they answer every question I throw at them rapidly, no matter how lame. Good wok guys. @CST, can we please, please get an update? Thanks. @Armand They will send out a survey at a later date which will ask us about colours etc. However, that doesn't need to happen until they need the information (so a little before production starts) so it could be quite a while yet. So if I had picked the $99 one how or when will I be able to choose the color of my watch? Thanks! CST tweeted this recently: Funds will be transferred from amazon in about a week, then the making and the writing of checks! Any News? No update for 8 days? What's the deal? So, any news? On one of the last days, I picked up/switched my $129 Nando pledge to a early bird $99 pledge that someone left, but amazon says that I paid $99 for the $129 pledge. Will I not get my watch now? I followed instructions to upgrade my pledge to $258 because I wanted two watches, but emails from Amazon and CST show only $128 taken from credit card Feb 22. Now I have no idea whether my pledge is $129 or $258, or how many watches I will receive. Tommy Tyler Can timely update some dynamic or progress.So that users can learn more, really want to get the product as soon as possible, and still have a long wait time for the other half of the year. Thinking about it, if Kickstarter have definitely charged you more than the site says is your pledge amount then you do need to contact Kickstarter (not CST) to get it sorted as it's likely that the data CST get could have your pledge amount rather than the amount you actually paid... The survey is still forthcoming yes. If you originally were in for two watches and have just paid for two and would still like two then you're golden, they will send you two (they will ask about colours when they send out the survey) although personally I would still ask CST for explicit confirmation. If you originally intended to get two, have been charged for two, but only want one now then you need to get in touch with CST. @ David Lykins, thanks for your input, time will tell. (no pun intended.) I changed my pledge to the Nando Rossi black on black edition after the two watch option turned out to be a KickStarter violation. But I have been billed for the price of the two watch option, even though I properly followed the instructions on how to change my pledge to the Nando Rossi edition. I am hoping the proper credit adjustment will be made, I shall keep everyone posted. Once again, time will tell. The survey is still forthcoming and I haven't missed anything, right.....? If you think you've been over billed, you should probably contact kickstarter directly as they deal with the payments. CST have no control over the money taking. I also reduced my pledge per your instructions but was charged $229. So how does this get remedied? I thought I changed my pledge to the Nando Rossi black on black edition but it still says I backed the white version. Will I be able to choose the Nando Rossi version when you send out the backer survey? Thanks @Cinder, they will send you details about the billing. You are going to get the 2 watches and 1 charging base as billed. CST will send out a questionnaire that you fill out.... Shipping, color choices, sizes etc. I did change my pledge and reward. I am not impressed to be billed $244.00 for a $129.00 watch. I am pretty sure that you have to change both the reward and the pledge amount which i guess you forgot. I am a bit confused now. I see I have been billed $244.00 now for a pair of watches, one in black and one in white. But if I recall that option was a violation of KickStarters policy and was removed as an option.. I recall changing my pledge option to the Nando Rossi Edition, and that my choice still shows on your KickStarter page. So why have I been billed $244.00? Please explain. Congrats Guys, Looking forward to my watch. Do you think there will be any delays? Well can't wait till September! Is it September yet? Many congratulations for a beautiful work. We all look forward to seeing it in real. Being in the design of watches for over 20 years, the only suggestion I can make is QUALITY ! Reach a high level of quality and your product will be a reference in design books and creative museums. Without highly top quality, it will only be a gadget. This said, the way You managed Your pledge, I am convinced that You can make this a beautiful watch. Congratulations again and all my very best wishes and thoughts for Your adventure. Sebastien Congratulations, you reached the magical one million mark! Do not worry about the many additional features suggested. Just go ahead and produce them in good quality! @Stacey, a dog tag version would be cool. Apparently we can no longer manage our pledges after the goal is reached ... and I missed the band colour update. Is there some other way we can change our band colour between now and your 'survey' to let you know we'd like a change if we missed it earlier? I also backed pebble,so am used to being patient :-) Woohoo, I was hoping they'd break a mil :D Definitely excited and can't wait but I'll patiently wait. And Stacey, I think the dog tag idea would be neat to see as well. :) Very excited with your funding achievement. Looking forward to receiving this watch in September. Take your time and get it right, 'right out of the box'. Good lunch with your design team. Looking forward to receiving mine; it strikes me that you could just as easily make a smaller "dogtag" version that could be worn around the neck on a chain, and charge off the same base unit. I'm curious what you come up with next :-) You guys should be celebrating right about...............now. Congratulations! Let's just wait. Anybody got the time? Congratulation and hope to see more innovative product development from you guys...So much excited so have this watch soon. You have to know that Apple saw this on Kickstarter and totally fell in love with the idea. Grats, everyone. Now we play... The waiting game. :D Congrats guys... Yay!! Woohoo, congrats!!! Congrats CST!! Success! In a few minutes, we will have to wait for 7 months to get our watches. If it is like other KS projects it could even be a lot more than that :( Hope everything will go well... Ok, thx for info... @Phillippe Because of the way the watch displays the numbers, they cannot be rotated. The numbers are large enough, however, that when your arm is hanging at your side, you can glance down at the CST-01 and easily read the time @Phillipe, From the FAQ on the front page: "The display is segmented and therefore the font is built into the display, meaning that it cannot be changed or rotated in software. Because the numbers are so big we have actually found ourselves looking at the time differently. We no longer need to bring the watch up close to our faces, but just glance down at our wrists. In that use case it is actually in a better orientation for reading." Down to minutes now, yay! Hi, is it possible to turn the characters from a "horizontal" tot a "vertical" position ? It seems easier to read in a "vertical" position when around wrist... Wish you all the best and congratulation What Sebastian said. :) 1M$ !!!!! @Bob Click on the "Manage your pledge" button and increase your pledge :) @ bruce, how do i add 129 like you suggest, i want to get my wife one as well. I wrote an article on the CST-01 and some other Kickstarter watch campaigns for my fledgling watch blog, TheTickingTruth. I was quite impressed with the CST-01, so I decided to back the project. Take a gander at my article using this link: <url>"Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" Hello Can I get 2 Watches with one Amazonaccount? Talking about patents: <url>"radio controled" like some clocks and watches have, so you never have to worry about the right time anywhere! Along the lines of Bert, Welshman, and any others I may have missed suggestions.... I submit: e.g. CST-01/KS-1M as a serial number "KS" Kickstarter and "1M" for bursting $1 Million in sales. It would only affect the serial number (ease for mfg), and all Kickstarter's would know what it meant. Or I'll just take whatever Dave and the CST Team decide:) @anyone wanting more than 1 watch that hasn't already seen this, This is from messages I've traded with CST: "Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" Yay, over $1mil!!! :) The $1 million barrier has been smashed. I like your suggestion Bert. Seeing the amount that CST have had pledged & the numerous people on here who are purchasing more than one watch, I think that some kind of engraving or stamp in the metal with something like "Kickstarter Limited Edition" or "Kickstarter Edition" or something along those lines. Something to make them that little bit more special. +1 there should be an embossed or a logo for the backers... Without us this wouldn't have happened Shame we don't have time to set up a pool to guess the final number:). Awesome achievement CST! $1 mill *happy dance* Yay! One million dollars and counting :) @CST Congrats! Hope you can make a real congenial packaging as icing on the cake - if you're not too exhausted from all the "real" issues! Could be intrigueing, though... And +1 for Bert's suggestion if possible - we're a proud bunch on your behalf! +1 for Bert's suggestion btw. 1 million dollars! Well done and well deserved, CST. And $1M passed! Congrats!! Come on $1m!! +1 for Bert's suggestion. +1 for Bert's suggestion +1 for Bert's suggestion @Bert, I hope so, it would be awesome to own one with an engraving of kickstarter in the band for the backers good suggestion! Thanks Bert. I just found that in the FAQ as well. Should have looked there first. :) @ Thilo : yes Do we know if the watch will support 24h mode? I have one llittle request : would it be possible to get an embossed "Kisckstarter Edition" mention, somewhere on the inside of the band ? I reckon the $1million barrier will be smashed with time to spare. Final amount will be around the $1.1million mark. Think of the 0.1% interest on that lot lmao. I think any type of watch done by Apple or Samsung would cost silly money & be touch screen orientated. The worlds thinnest watch is exactly what it says it is, the worlds thinnest watch. Decent battery life, wafer thin, stylish & unobtrusive. The only watch I can see needing to worry Apple & Samsung would be Pebble. Mind you, the first time I saw the white version of this worlds thinnest watch, my first thought was how much it'll look very like my white iPhone & ipad lol. Fifteen hours and looking good for hitting $1M! <url>#chart-exp-projection (A useful site). With Apple and Samsung entering into the watch market, I really hope CST have got patents for any IP they have developed in the course designing these watches. @Theodore Lehr, A survey will be sent after the kickstarter is over where you can specify shipping address and things. My info for this is correct but I will be moving in a couple months. I didn't see a separate place for a shipping address, is there a way to change the ship to address? @Welshman, TY will do... That's the fun of a Harley-Davidson, they can go fast but are more suited for steady cruising. Sounds like you have similar Police measures there as here... Always good to know what to look out for:) @Bob Johnson, and others wanting more than 1 watch, This is from messages I've traded with CST: "Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" @David Lykins, cool thanks. Just be careful with your speeding. We have these sly police vans with mobile speed camera in the back of them. You can go round a corner and then wham, a speed camera van is parked on the grass and your done! @Welshman: Thanks for the info. I was going to rent from the local HD Dealer and get a route from them, but I will start looking at Pembrokeshire now! I will have the Nando on my right arm and the CST-01 on my left, we should be able to synchronize our watches and do Tea/lunch:) @Bob Read Bruce's post about 13 down. That is the official answer:) Hello David, if it's countryside your after you need to head on across form England & into Wales. Try looking at Pembrokeshire on Google. So I'll see you on your Harley-Davidson with your Worlds Thinnest Watch on when I pass you in my car. I'll be the one driving with my arm hanging out the window with 4 watches on it lol. I want to order a second watch, how do I accomplish this ? Hello Welshman, I'm not too far from you.... In Durham, NC, USA:) I will be in your back yard this September for Roger Waters @Wembley Stadium and Amsterdam Arena. If you ride motorcycles, I am planning a Harley-Davidson ride through England's countryside on Thursday, Sept. 12th. I should be easy to find, I'll be wearing this cool watch! <email> Or...... do as I am, buy one of each and you'll not have to worry about which colour/s you should've gone for lol. My excuse is that they can be Christmas presents for relatives, or, maybe just for me! @Courtney, Do as I am... Buy the Stainless black AND the Nando Rossi :) Then you will be pleasantly satisfied no matter what the outcome! How will the Nando Rossi edition hold up to scratches, compared to the standard black edition? @Courtney, It would be really easy to take that existing photo of the black and steel watch and make it look like it was all black. Go for it! ;) I know this is the third time I've asked, but considering there's only 26 to go..... @CST team, could you please, please, please, pleeeeease add photos of the GR & NR editions on wrists? I love the idea of an all black watch, but IMHO that photo kinda makes it look like it was coloured in with a black marker. I know it wasn't, so I'd like to see a photo of it in SITU before the time runs out. Thanx I kind of want to see how a White face on black band watch will look... I don't know yet, but I really want to help them to get to the million dollars... I guess I am going to have to re-activate my old twitter account :) Any ideas on how to help them ? Thirty-two hours to go and I can almost _feel_ the @Central Standard Timing guys willing it to the million dollars. And I'm all the way over here in the UK :) I know it's not important in the scheme of things, but it would be cool to reach seven figures... ＠N.H. and Bruce Powell Thank you for your advice. I'll ask CST !! @hassyy, and others wanting more than 1 watch, This is from messages I've traded with CST: "Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" @hassyy, you should ask CST. Click the "Contact me" link under "Chicago, IL" in the Project by section on the right -----------> I've already pledged $114 for EARLY BIRD SPECIAL with oversees shipping and I'd like to make an additional pledge for another one. I'd like to ask how much should I add, $99, $114, $129 or $144 ? Thank you very much in advance !! @Bruce Powell. Thanks Bruce. I've sent a message as you advised & pledged enough to cover 2 watches & 2 lots of shipping incase CST don't get a chance to reply before it all finishes. @Henry Green I have to wait more than six months to get the CST-01? I always thought that you can get a trial version in March! @wangsonlei If you are looking to buy a watch then go to 'manage your pledge' on the right and change your pledge amount to $144 to get the watch and pay for international shipping. Don't forget to select which version of the watch you want. ;) Hello, I am from China, I am looking to buy this product. I have pledged five dollars. But I need to ask some questions. I would like to ask follow-up How do I add the remaining balance? By international courier to China?I follow-up should be how to do this? Thank you very much! Hello, I am from China, I am looking to buy this product. I have pledged five dollars. But I need to ask some questions. I would like to ask follow-up How do I add the remaining balance? By international courier to China?I follow-up should be how to do this? Thank you very much! @Welshman, My guess would be once per watch, but you should ask CST. Click the "Contact me" link under "Chicago, IL" on the right over there and ask ----------------------------> @Bruce, do you know if you need to pay the shipping charge (non US residents) once per watch or once per pledge regardless of how many watches? Thanks. @Hakimuddin Tinwala, and others wanting more than 1 watch, This is from messages I've traded with CST: "Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" Can I take exclusive sales distribution rights for specific region or country ?? How i can buy more than 1 pcs? Come on, $1mil! :) The worlds thinnest watch looks like it's going to break the $1million pledge barrier! And we're down to the final 47 hours! Emails went out to people that wanted to be reminded, so pledges will likely start to come in faster now for the final 2 days. :) CST Team, would it be possible for you to post pictures of the new Nando Rossi & Rose Gold coloured watches actually on someone's wrist please? I think it'd be easier to choose what colour/s to go for with pictures of the new ones being worn. Thanks Thanks Bruce that's good to know. Just changed my pledge to cover the cost of a second watch too. Now have the slightly easier job of trying to pick which 2 colours to go for. @Carl Men, and others wanting more than 1 watch, This is from messages I've traded with CST: "Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" Shoutouts to the 72 people who pledged for two and then disappeared, even though CST tried to remove the pledge level... Sorry to ask again, but I would like very much to get an answer :) "Any news concerning a portable charger ?" hi, is it still possible to get a pair of them with one payment? pretty please? Hey CST crew! I appreciate the consideration for the screen flashing, personally I would prefer every 15 or 60 minute refresh so that it's not too distracting. HOWEVER there are many people who left comments requesting to leave it at every minute... Could we have another setting to tinker with? (~_^) Also will the USB connection only pass current or data aswell? (Firmware? Inverting the display? More tinkering?!) Dennis, you realise that with the recent change they have discussed, it is only refreshing the part of the display that needs to be displayed, not the whole of the display every 60s. So you will continue to get a change every minute, but only the relevant digit(s) will change. Or are you really asking for an option to make the whole watch display flash every minute? Please make a button (or as an option) on the charger to choose a minute or 15 min display flash. Every 15 min is so inconsiderable ;-) Great work! Any news concerning a portable charger ? Such an amazing watch! I can't wait to get mine and add it to my collection! Love the changes to the display only refreshing every 15 minutes and so glad you added the Nando Rossi edition. I would also like to see more photos/videos of the two new colours if possible. Thanks. These watches are amazing. I look forward to clock stickers in the future as well. Great update - thanks for the new videos Could you release a video for show the samples of new color? Thanks. Can we get a picture of the Rose Gold & Nando Rossi on a wrist? Not sure if I want a black or a Nando Rossi edition. Thanks for telling me helped a lot Silly question, i know. But just out of interest, what does the '7' look like? Its not shown in any images I could quickly find, and I didn't re-watch the video. Using your segment template as a guide, is it something like this? <url>"Hi Bruce, Strangely enough, Kickstarter said it's ok for me to reach out one-on-one to backers and mention that you CAN get multiples if you multiply your pledge. Since we are out of the early birds, if you add $129 for each additional unit you want we will send out a survey at the end to get the information on color selection. (basically the same process you outlined) Thanks for your support! -Dave Vondle" Cst, please add the nano particle coating to these watches. Most premium smart phones are moving in this direction. It is a small step that offers so much in splash protection. I also believe it will also help us keep our watches cleaner. Thanks. When can i choice the size ? @bandar. Send them an email directly (see 'contact me’ under Central Standard Timing on the right of the screen.) @Bandar: So far, the word is no multiples. In fact, they are trying to get the remaining backers on the $229 tier to switch to another. @Central Standard Timing: Any updates on the durability of the watch? Is the screen scratch resistant? How scratch resistant is the PVD coating for the new colors? Thanks! @Bruce Powell, Could you confirm that i can pledge for two watch ? I didn't get an answer from the CST team from two days ago @Stephen Faulkner, The way it usually works is a survey is sent after the kickstarter is over asking you for things like your shipping address, sizes, colors, etc. I just backed the white version with the base. when the time comes, how will we select our sizes that we want? I assume we will get an email from kickstarter, or will you send us a personal message to ask us when the time is right? Hi there, i have backed your project several days ago, the watches look quite astonishing! Since i am german here is my question: i will have to pay some taxes for the import, i am quite aware of that...;) when you send the watch to me, will there be price on the outside of the package on a bill? As far as i know, i will have to pay another 19 percent tax to receive the watch, which would be fine with me....;) @Bert, Yeah, they're pretty cool. :) I'm not a big watch person and there have been a plethora of futuristic/smart watches over the past couple months but damn! This is the first one that I've actually wanted. I will have to wait until they go retail before I can get one but at that time I'll definitely be in a position to get one! Congrats to CST! Hello. I have 1 question, maybe it has already been asked but I'm not going to read through 315 comments, so: How durable are the watch and display in things like scratch and shock/impact resistance? Because it would be a shame if a 130$ clock would break by the first time it would somehow hit sth. By the Way I really love the new colours and I have changed my pledge to the nando rossi =) @Bruce Powell Love the montrex, especially the one with the white dial @Rembrandt Smarty pants :) @Bert- "I usually wear a Rado Ceramica Multifunctions or a stark fossil watch. What do you usually wear ??" . Usually pants, shoes, a shirt and a jacket. Socks are optional. Wearing only a watch could get you arrested out here. Nice ring though...might get you time off. One early Bird for me as well :) @Edward Liao, You have mail from CST letting you know that, yes, you'll be able to choose whatever color you want when they send out the survey after the kickstarter is over. I am an early bird backer. Am I able to select the Nando Rossi edition without altering my pledge amount? Thank you! Wow, the Nando Rossi edition is really popular! Adding to Jeffrey's comment, I'd love to see black-on-white numerals (white watch) with black border (black watch) and black coating on the band (Nando Rossi). My nickname is "Platypus". Perhaps this is the Platypus Edition? :-) Really like the "Nando Rossi" edition. No chrome or gold. Very nice! White with black PVD coated band would be the best, but I'm sure you have enough "on your plate". Thanks as always Now I am waiting for my Pebbles (white, orange, black) and for my CST-01(s) (classic black, white) ! I think I will stay on the classic black CST-01 rathen than the NR, the classic black watch will go better with my beloved kinekt ring (<url>"ask a question" button at the bottom of the main project page or the "contact me" link under their name in the side column (on the right side of the screen). Also why is it taking so long for people to back out of the 229 pledge tier? Do they not read updates/emails/etc? Are they just being really dickish? What is going on? Suddenly, there was one $99 pledge left ! (probably a cancel) I jumped on it, now I am one of 500 Early Bird Special :) Life is sweet ! I have a pledge of $244 (on the Nando Rossie reward level) my question is will i be able to choose a secound watch (without a secound base station) when the survey comes? What a great update. Come on everyone, let's do our part in promoting this project and try to maximize the next 8 days. Great Update ! I would like one in black and one Nando Rossi with one chargier - how is that possible? Any chance of getting the white watch face with the black band? @Bert, yep, will have both, one for each arm Can you add photos of the Nando Rossi & the Rose Gold on a wrist like you did with the first two? Having trouble deciding between the black & the NR. @Bert Yes I backed Pebble also, still waiting on it. What can I say, I like watches! :) I backed Pebble, as well, but haven't received my black one yet. I've also backed this: <url>"like" them on FB, but for some reason it does not seem the case. A few questions have been asked in the commes, answers would be nice. I am not going to open an account FB just to get updated about questions I have on a KS pledge... Thanks in advance for your answers. Can we please get an update? Thanks. @Jeffrey Lindsey: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe Robert was talking about the plug between the usb cable and the wall. All they would have to ship is the watch, the base station, and maybe a usb cable, though I think it's never a bad idea to include a usb wall adapter because they're so handy to have Heh... finally a watch as thin as a politician's promise. Very stylish looking thing as well. I am really looking forward to this one. @Robert Buss: I think if they were to put a usb port (or any cable) on the watch itself, the port would be thicker than the watch. So the base station is probably necessary as part of making the watch as thin as possible. If there is any sort of standard connector that could work on the watch itself, that would be ideal. But I don't expect any changes of that nature at this point. I am still interested in answers to the questions I posted earlier, particularly concerning the expected life span. No update no answer. No nothing. @Matt: I think the march release is only for the Beta Tester pledges (and the font ones). Regular backer tiers say Sept 2013. Still a while to go unfortunately. Hey CST Team, WIth the incredible response to your campaign (congrats btw) do you think a March 2013 release is still in play or do you foresee a pushback on that date since it appears you've gotten 4x the response than you were originally anticipating? Sad face about the change in reward levels. I was considering upgrading my pledge to receive both colors. Save the cost and effort; leave out the power source for the usb cable. Just about everyone has a usb charger, worst case in their computer. I really want to wait until September ? :'( It is so late... Alex its a new kickstarter rule. No multiples unless they are distinctively different products. So Kickstarter would allow CST to sell a watch and earrings at the same time but not two watches which only differ in color for example. They claim multiples go against what kickstarter is supposed to be. They see themselves more of a crowd funding place than a retail shop. Sounds all nice but I guess they do it to reduce the max possible loss to a funder. Just imagine you trust kickstarter and some developer and order 20 $100 pens which are not delivered because you were being mislead.... The new rule happened after some bad press about unsuccessful projects and unhappy customers. Could also be a coincidence? it doesn't make any sense other projects let you buy multiple of the product such as gustin jeans which is a staff pic and one of the most funded fashion kickstarters ever, and almost every playing card project lets you buy multiple packs.... why let them sell multiple yet you can not? Hello. The watch works in France ? Thanks for your answer Mathias, go onto CST's Facebook page and look at some of the photos. The all black CST-01 is there. From what I understand it will be offered as an option at the end of funding! Incredible, it is the watch I would like to design IF I was a designer that is ;) (mine would be complete black howether...). I just had to back for the black model. Fantastic work! I would also like to know more about the "scratch resistant" aspect. Thanks for your feedback. Backed for a black model. Looking forward to see more development on waterproofing. Liquipel is a good company for waterproofing phones, which could be used for the watch. But I'm sure you already knew that right ;) Saw you featured in a local Phoenix news article about a "flexible technology" convention held over the weekend. Wish I would have known, would have loved to see the prototype in person. What is the song in the video? Neeeed :-D @Oliver try to understand, Resonic is excited to get this awesome watch and wants to make sure that it reaches him. To do so it needs these markings. What CST is aware of and what not? I don't know. I can make a good guess but I really don't know for sure. Good that Resonic was brave enough to ask, risking to be called nonconstructive and having his thought process questioned. Thank you Resonic. @Resonic As your picture sums up nicely... I'm pretty sure CST are aware they need CE markings. Would be a pointless product if you couldn't import it. It takes them time to answer the obvious, which then means they're not focusing on the product. Try asking something more constructive that benefits us all. Is there any sort of battery level readout? So we know when to recharge it? The watch looks great, so I backed this project for the black version. But if a design would become available with more stainless steel... that would be great! Hello CST-Team, do the watch and the charging station come with the needed CE marking? This is needed for all electric items which are imported to the European Union. Items without the CE marking usually dont pass the european customs. It has been 2 days since I sent a private message to CST, but I have not received any reply yet :( It suspect that they might have been overwhelmed with the messages sent to them as they have more than 5000 backers. I never expected this project to be so popular, since the watch itself looks pretty ordinary to me, and requires to be charged ever month... I wonder if CST will offer stretch goal? @Bert, Because Kickstarter hates us. :( You can send them a message asking for an Edit option. The more people that do, the better... well BAKER, not backer, on the other hand I would go for a croissant right now ^^ (why can't we edit our comments in KS ?) And I am back at backer status :) If you want to contact CST, you can also just click the "Contact me" link to the right under their name and "Chicago, IL" ---------------------------------------------------------------> Doss, they can't say it here, thats why they just wrote: "please message us privately so we can help you figure it out." How? Go to the homepage of this kickstarter project <url>"ask a question" All right, I'm confused. CST says they can't do it, but Brad keeps saying "Buy $129 watch and pledge $229 and just let them know what you're doing and they'll give you another watch." Is Brad speaking officially but unofficially for CST? I don't want to pledge $229 if all I'm going to get is 1 watch and base station. Someone please clarify. I don't see why CST can't say something official such as, "If you buy a watch from our Kickstarter project, you will have an opportunity to purchase a watch later at a special price" or something along those lines. Anything would be appreciated to better inform your customers/backers on how you plan to try and make this right or, if you don't, let us know. It won't hurt my feelings. I just want to be informed. @CST Thanks for manufacturing so many sizes. I am happy that the large version will fit me just right when stretched to the max. Jan - You just have to be SURE and tell CST in the survey, or there are no guarantees, as he could just think your generous. In many other projects one can get more then one item by pledging a multiple amount For now I have left my pledge at $ 229 for one black watch (assuming I will get a black and a white one) No problem. @Brad - got it, thanks, pledge moved. Peter - When you move your reward, keep your pledge amount the same, during the survey tell him what happened, you will be fine. I haven't been a watch user for many years now, but this one has really caught my interest. Can you post a video demonstrating the base unit and setting the time? Do you have plans for a new model after this initial release? What is the expected working life span for the watch? Which component is expected to fail first? Any info on how flexible the watch band will be? I have dainty little wrists, so the medium would be very loose, but the small looks like it'll be on the tight side. If the band is quite springy/flexible this shouldn't be an issue, but if it's quite rigid, the watch will most likely be rather tight and uncomfortable. Any feedback would be appreciated @John Fox, The way I described is the way most all Kickstarter campaigns do add-ons, and the way CST has told me (in a msg here) how they'll do it, as well. While I like Bert's idea, I don't think you can choose two pledge tiers. Bruce Powell has a good strategy. How about it, CST folks? Can we add $129 to our single-watch pledge tier and request a second watch (in a different color) when you send out a survey? People that want more than one watch: Add the amount for the other tier/watch to your pledge total. Then when the project is over, a survey will be sent that will ask you what the extra amount was for. I agree with Bert, I'm happy to change my pledge, but I still want one of each and 1 charger, but don't really feel it's fair to pay $258 for something that did cost $229. Please can you add a new option of black w/o the charger?? I am also a B&W pledger, could you please create 2 new pledges, 1 x CST-1 white minus the charger, and 1 x CST-1 Black minus the charger ? Like that, I will buy one combo Black + charger, plus one single white watch without charger for my FG ? Thanks for your prompt answer. I'm a black/white combo pledger, too. I'd still like to get one black and one white. Looking at the other tiers, it seems that I can only buy one watch. Is there a way to buy two? Thank you. @Scott, the point was we can't pledge for 2 watches. I was backing the black and white combo. Is there a way to get 1 black and 1 white by making two pledges or something to that effect? Hi, I was backing the black and white combo, I received the email and am at a loss where to go, I selected the 244 1 of 1 what do I do to maybe select 2xwhite watches, thanks, let me know and I will amend pledge @Thad that is definetly overkill on the expectations, but to each their own. They have a demand and they think they can fulfill it. Excellent! I agree the price may be high as i can get an entire kindle for this price, but it is a startup company so they have higher costs because of smaller volume. @ those responding to my comment on comments - I only voiced communication concerns. I am not expecting constant updates, or hourly, or daily, but even with two updates posted, they have not responded to any questions in the comments. Odd to say the least. If they said, hey we know you have questions and we'll answer them weekly, within the next week or two weeks. then cool, but there has been nothing at all. Thad, please read more carefully, "not overwhelmed" was a response to somebody who feared that CST's production capacity could be "overwhelmed" as in not being able to produce as much as it has backers. Hope I could help you to clarify that. This is nuts you are at 676793 over three times what you needed and you are underwelmed or as you put in not overwhelmed even if you are not you should at least lie to us and say you are I call it arrogant and greedy. well I am pulling me pledge so you will now be 676264 ill save the 129 for someone else's project who needs the money my wishes would be that all 4910 other backers do the same. Likely we will see this same watch being made and sold in Walmart for 19.95 by end of the year ill buy mine then! Have a nice day @CST Question about sizing. I have fairly small wrists - but definitely not 5th percentile female small. Is that just a prototype to see how small you can make them, or is that an actual size you plan on producing? I don't understand the need for some backers to require constant communication. This is a startup development project the developers need to spend their full time efforts on the product. If they spend hours a day reading these messages and replying to them then I'd be really concerned. That means they have too much time on their hands. Keep up the good work and march forward. I'd be very happy with monthly or so updates if the product is delivered on time. I'd be very unhappy if you communicated every day but the product was late. Do what it takes to get the job done and don't worry about holding our hands through the process. Finally backed this project. Very excited! Pardon if I've missed this in the campaign materials, but is the watch intended to be "bent" or "molded" to fit your wrist? Or is there only enough give to slip your wrist though? Hi, By when, and also what's the best way to tell you what size we would like? Thanks @CST, thanks for your update guy, you may take a closer look at your watch shape, as a jeweler I can tell you the wrist is not an oval like your drawings, maybe you can find a better shape If you like any input let me know I have no problem sharing, backed your project as well, and can't wait to receive your watch. @CST: Just checked out the new update. Great job on the sizing situation, the sizing works great. Also, glad to hear the color and band thickness is being addressed. Awesome! @Thomas I agree with @Akinola -- you have 30 days at the time of this writing to decide if this project fits within your comfort level. I think weekly communication during this phase is a descent interval. I'd rather they focus upon lining up resources at this point in time. I do understand your concern. I'm involved in several other projects where updates seldom occur. Relax, Thomas, you can't expect them to be sitting at their computers eagerly anticipating an instant response every time someone makes a post. They have a job to do, namely bringing you the product you backed. Considering they respond and update about once a week I think they're doing just fine. You are being entirely irrational with your expectations. While i think the product is a great idea as is, I am concerned that communication during the production phase and customer service after release is going to be almost non-existent given the current pattern. Having supported several kickstarters ( this being my 13th one ), unlucky 13 has hit. This kickstarter has by far the least communication from the creators than any other. On several occasions we have gone 2-3 days without a single word from them. With over half a million pledged already and 30 days to go, you'd think they'd be excited and happy to answer questions, converse with us on ideas and thoughts, and provide updates on the product and prototypes regularly. The last note from them was about the next round of prototypes having a different band - 3 days ago. Will this be the company pattern after product release too? @Joel: YEP. :-) With the proposals in my comment 10 steps below I dont want to change the watch but the base station! @CST: I appreciate the information and look forward to seeing some great things from the company! For the CST-01 model, the only thing I would suggest adding to the package is a travel base (for charging and changing the time), otherwise keep the watch simple, robust, and durable. I just read Nippey's comment re: auto-set time when charging on the base station. This is a good idea as it won't affect battery life and won't require any changes to the watch itself. Not quite as convenient as having the watch auto set itself, but it should be far easier to achieve. It would also allow retro-fit of this feature to already manufactured watches as it would only require replacing the charging station. I agree, no changes for this version. However, I would like to suggest a feature for a future version; a simplifying feature. Auto-set the time from standard radio time signal stations. Manually changing time upon DST transitions, travel, etc. is inconvenient. However, I do not know the power consumption impact; perhaps this would consume too much power. Any word on the whole screen flashing on the black when minutes change? Will you be able to do a partial refresh as suggested? or is that the final design? I have question that concerns me of backing this up. Will there be a some type of cover on the charge connector? I'm afraid that normal sweat might get in and ruin the watch itself. Anything beside that. KEEP IT UP.. I can't wait. I second corporate3-6's idea. Let's keep it simple! @corporate3-6, right on. Functionality is cool, but minimalism is what this watch is all about. Hey, CST guys... Please do not change ANYTHING about the design :) I have been in design for years, and the problem is that everyone has their idea of what would be "ideal". But what is good for one person is not for another. If you try to accommodate all these different ideas, you end up with "The Homer Car" of watches. Backlight? No. It's nice and thin. Keep it that way. Colors? No. Looks best in metal. Date? No. I don't need to be reminded what day/month/year it is Fonts? No. This is as popular as it is because you guys hit a sweet spot of looks, functionality and price. Don't change the formula! Hey, I have some ideas, on how to enhance the functionality without changing the watch itself! What about automatic time adjusting when plugged-in for charging? You could * Use the local radio watch signal (May be difficult due to different standards) * Use a GPS receiver (Too expensive, I guess) * ----> Use a computer (The charging-cable is USB anyway!) <----- The knob could be used to adjust the timezone if using one of the upper methods.. Another Idea is to put a rechargeable battery or a simply battery-slot into the base station, so that you can charge the watch even if there is no computer or wall-plug near to you! @Akinola Emmanuel, how about no. Colours will just make the watch look cheap and kiddish. I don't want this watch to be associated with teeny bopper Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez fans wearing those butt ugly and horrible sounding Beats headphones. But that's just me :) I think you might get even more support if you include more colors. The white doesn't appear to be as popular as the black, but maybe more colors might convince those who are not too enthusiastic about white or black to jump on board. Have you considered doing a solid gold edition? For purely allergenic reasons, of course ... What about the waterproof of the docking contact pins on the back of the watch? I think that that pins are directly connected wirh the battery. Keeping them in contact with the skin & sweat will be a big issue! I know that feature creep can be awful here, but I do like Madlyb's idea of having the date (in smaller text) as an option. It is still a very needed function for many people. But I also can see how it could detract from the minimalist design of the watch. @Tanner Wells Information regarding shipments is not sent to the backers until the campaign closes. We still have 33 days to go before getting asked for shipping information. Might be a dumb question but I wasn't prompted to input shipping information. Is this asked at a later time? Excited for this design. I have been hunting for a watch like this for years! The idea of having a sleek, minimalist watch that may fit my 6" wrists is exciting. Can't wait! @Dominick e-ink displays can't be backlit, you can front light them but this would increase the thickness of the watch by at least 3mm, likely more.. Some sort of back light would go greatly appreciated. watch the video. it's ground down for the display. Will the display be recessed into the metal band or is it just adhered to the band its self? @Madlyb if you look in the FAQ under this section: Will there be any additional features added to the watch prior to manufacturing? you'll see their explanation as to why they cannot add data functionality, this explanation is what was expanded upon in the discussions. @Madlyb There has been a definitive response, look in the FAQ's... @Ian Yeah...I don't think I am obligated to slog through 180+ comments to *see* if this has been addressed as it wasn't mentioned in the video or the FAQ or the updates, but you know I decided to follow your advice...as the unofficial spokesperson for the team...and I saw a lot of people expressing the same desire as myself, but no definitive response from the team. I would also like to know if the watch will be water resist! Shouldnt be a technical problem, while there is already a wide range of water resistant coatings on the market for consumer and industry usage. Like Liquipel for example. CHEUNG TING CHUNG: Currently no. You might be able to get one later though, but not through this kickstarter. Your friend should order a watch seperately. @Madlyb this has been discussed a lot previously as well as very good explanations as to why they can't add the date.. check back through the comments With 35 days remaining in the Kickstarter campaign and CST already past 250% funding, what modifications are you making to your project plans to accommodate the increased volume to ensure that the business that we're backing becomes a profitable long-term venture and that you're able to deliver the backer rewards in a timely and efficient manner? Love the minimalist design, but would be great if it could display the date either as a small line below the time or as a toggle. I probably look for the date more than time, but still love what you have done here. @m Mason I believe they said they were going to work with their metal supplier to reduce the lip as much as possible. G mickael : read the FAQ. Are* The watch Arendt waterproof or not ?? And theu Arendt resist to shock Very nice work! If you guys still have time checking other Kickstarter projects, please take a look at the project running by my partnets and I, "An-Bre". Anyway, I look forward to getting my very cool watch. Hiya CST, I'm loving the elegant and unusual look of your watch and have backed. I was in two minds as to whether it looked too much like a snake-oil 'health' benefit type bracelet, but the cool factor won out for me, especially for the black one. The one concern I do have from looking at some of these photos - and I accept that this may just be because you're using a prototype - is that the eink film looks like it could snag on things as it seems to have a small amount of 'lift' at the edges. Will this be secured edge-to-edge by some method, or even better, rebated in for a flush surface? Given the depth of the materials I'd wonder if you can acid etch a rebate for it maybe? Good luck! sorry,i come from hong kong my english is not good = =" i get one $229 plan last day because i just get only one plan in the page but i want to buy one more watch to friends can i buy more one base station in the plan ? Checked the video and comments, but this may have been addressed. Since it only displays numbers, is the time shown in international time 00-23? great, I backed for $144(white watch +shipping to france) I want to know if in the future there would be of other color ?? @CST Congratulations for this perfect design!! I haven't been wearing a watch for years because I did not see a point with basically everything that surrounds you telling you the time anyways (phones, TVs, coffee makers, cars, ...) but your watch instantly made me pledge for a black model of the CST-01. I'm even considering going for the $229 option. Please keep it that minimalistic, that's exactly what I was looking for. The color reversing option for the display would be a nice thing to add though! There is only one thing I'm concerened about. I don't worry so much about water or scratches, but what if I accidentally hit the edge of a table or a door frame or something? Will it be withstanding such impacts? Thanks in advance for your reply. @CST that seems sensible to me, although I imagine many people will charge is every night and never see this. will the battery suffer any memory effects or degradation from nightly charging or conversely from repeatedly being fully depleted? Congratulations! I think in a week you will hit one mil! @Courtney - it stops working ;).... seriously though I expect they'll include a small indicator? How will you know when it's time to recharge your watch? Will the screen have to refresh every minute, or will it have some touch activated refresh button? +1 to @MarkS & RankWinner 's question on the timing of the multiple sizes. And, if @CST can truly make several sizes (as they said in the main project page), they should probably run some sort of early survey so that they can make a more intelligent decision on sizes. I plan to use this reward as a present for my wife, who has small wrists. Otherwise, I will be forced to keep it for myself:). +1 for RankWinner's question. But also, for reference, what size wrist does the prototype fit right now? I've pledged $1 just to be able to ask this: I know you've mentioned wrist size in the FAQ by saying that it's been looked into, my question is what time frame would that be on? Is it planned to offer different wrist size options at the end of the campaign to be selected through the Kickstarter backer survey or would different sizes only be offered after the campaign on your website? I sort of have to ask this due to my abnormally small wrists, with new watches I have to get extra holes punched through that strap to stop the watch from just falling off of my arm and I doubt we could bend the CST-01 into a smaller shape xD I echo Eric Sisneros' and James Bailey's desire for the option of changing the display. I wouldn't want it to be permanent, but something you could change on a day to day basis. Hey so just wondering about that first digit... For example will 2 am be displayed as "2:00" ( ie a blank then a 2 ) or "02:00" Hope this makes sense. If it matters, I prefer the latter. Don't know why just that's how I feel so in the end not a huge deal. Great design guys! Well done on receiving the pledge you needed....and then some :) I don't know if that you have already decided to make the software (to change time etc) OS specific or both Mac and Windows capable, if not please consider making the software able to function on all platforms as there are a lot of mac users now too. Also @ Eric Sisneros I like the idea of having the possibility of choice and hope that this can be added into the software as a simple customisation. Thanks for all the hard work and I'll keep tracking your progress. Good Luck! Congratulations CST for doubling your initial goal. Looks like a million dollars plus is on the cards at the continued rate of interest. Would you consider putting some stats up of backers by country? +1 to reversed display, that would be an awesome easter egg! Also you could use quick flipping from one to the other as a silent alarm, if you needed a simple daily reminder, or battery warning, or anything really :) You mentioned high contrast as the solution to no backlight. Is there an eta on the photographic evidence of this. being able to read my watch in the dark/night is important @CST: I changed my pledge from $129 to $229 for a set of two watched and a base. But I saw your second update which defies that: "Multiples We checked with Kickstarter and they confirmed that we cannot advertise to encourage backers to multiply their pledge to receive multiples. "offering multiple quantities of a reward that doesn't exist yet sets the wrong expectation for what backing a project is all about." So what do I do now? @Central Standard Timing That would be great, thanks! Another question, are the Kickstarter supporters going to get a serialized watch? Or, is it only going to be for the the prototypes? Could you have the choice of creating a black band and the white e-ink display? Right now I chose the white watch, but could you possibly show us what it would look like to have a black band with a white e-ink display? Thanks! Just a comment: I'm hoping your wrist sizing guide will be most excellent. (I've also upgraded from the $1 tier to the $229 tier.) Just wanted to also chip in with a little idea! Along with a charging base (or instead of) this could simply be charged by solar. Flexible solar cells are out there and they should be enough to trickle charge the battery. Just throwing the idea out there! This truly is an amazing design and I can't wait to see how this project comes along! -Oliver I agree with Terrance - to thank your Kickstarter backers for getting you started a little gift of the 'fonts'. I don't want chargers or the inclusion of dates. Keep it simple. But, I do want those fonts and it's so difficult to pledge for 2 levels. +1 for FONTS. does everyone who contributed more than $5 receive the fonts as well? @CST So the grade of stainless steel you're using has zero nickel in the alloy? I find that hard to believe, wouldn't that mean the strap would rapidly rust? Hello, thanks for the quick reply. The USB port charging is perfect! Keep it that simple. Hello, will the charging station be compatible with european 230V voltage and have a standard power cord that can be changed to a cord that fits the european power sockets? Hi CST Are you considering the inclusion of date ? Thanks in advance for your straightforward answer :) B. Great looking product. Whats it like with wear and tear? It looks like there is a lip from the watch face to the metal band. I would imagine this would get pretty messy easily? I would back to this project if you'd offer a smaller sized version I was wondering how the watch transitions by the minutes. I thought I saw a complete screen blink to change them time. Is there an easier way to get the time to change and possibly a faster way? Referring to Paul's question (3 hours ago): Will your product be sold in Europe and if so, will you seek the CE marking for your product (<url>"trusting you with our money" on this :) This is the first time I back a project in Kickstarter and I sincerely hope you succeeding in realizing this watch. Can't wait to have one on my hand! -victor Will the stainless steel used in the strap meet the EU Nickel Directive (94/27/EC) regulations? Your video doesn't seem to answer my question. Does the white unit flash as well? I'd be willing to go for a white one if it doesn't. Thank you for adding a choice for set of 2! Yea, looks just great! actually, scratch that- looks like the FAQ changed a bit since I last read it. Keep up the good work! You mention water resistance vice water proof- has there been any thought given towards using a company such as Liquipel to waterproof the watch? Done in sufficient numbers, it should be cost effective and from what I understand the process will not impact the screen or charging capabilities. Great concept and product - can't wait to get mine! I have a question about shipping: how do you plan to ship these outside of the US (ie, to Canada)? Please consider shipping via USPS; if you ship via UPS or FedEx, people outside the US might be hit with excessive charges at the door - UPS and FedEx both charge the receive brokerage fees ($30 or more) and collect every possible duty and tax; I don't know about other countries, but Canada Post rarely collects duties and taxes for goods valued under $150 shipped to consumers from the US to Canada; when they do collect taxes, they only charge a $10 brokerage fee. By using USPS to ship to Canada, you could be saving the kickstarter supporter as much as $50 or more on the $130 watch. I think the width of it is just fantastic, and all else looks great! I just hope it's water and scratch resistant/proof. Thanks.... For a travel charger A USB lead with a simple head would be great.. if that would work? or even a Head with a microUSB socket. Is the current charger a magnet attachment - looks like it is....? @CST Thanks for the quick reply. Looking forward to seeing it in person! @CST, Thanks for the reply. :) @John Hughes, It's true that e-ink is like paper in that you need a light source to see it. I would love to see an option for viewing the date if possible but the reality is that most of us have smartphones and other ways to find the date quickly. One "feature" I am curious about is viewing the time at night/ in a dark room. I've never owned an e-ink device but from what I understand it's not back lit and therefore difficult to see without an additional light source. Is that true? Yeah, please give us the ability to order at least two items per pledge. Just create three more options: Black+White, B+B, W+W. Why don't you allow to order two watch with only one stand. This could make the proposal cheaper. And why in the world the delivery date is set only in September. I posted this in the update comments, but here it is again: @CST, Most every Kickstarter I've been a part of (and if you look at my profile, you'll see it's been a lot) has add-ons where people can add things to their pledges and increase their pledge amount by the add-on cost. So that would let you do things like add-on another watch by increasing your pledge by the watch cost, and then after the campaign is over, you ask people in the survey you send out what the extra money was for. Kickstarter doesn't have a mecahnism for this, so that's why it's done the way I described. People add-on to their pledge amount, then you ask what the extra was for. yeah - we really need some more feedback on all the questions and suggestions raised here. Dave and Jerry Seriously, what's with the info blackout? So far, you have over 2400 backers supporting your project and it sounds like a good percentage of us want to invest more, if only you'd answer some questions: 1. How do I order more than 1 watch? Can I simply double or triple my pledge to get more? 2. Can I get a second watch without the charger? (This would be a good stretch goal. Offer a second watch at a reduced price without the charger). 3. What about when we travel? Take some of that extra 50% funding and hire someone develop a smaller adapter to charge and set time when traveling. We understand that as the inventors of this product you are pretty busy in development, but don't forget your backers especially when a lot of them want invest more in your project. As the great American philosopher 'Fry' once said, "Shut up and take my money." If only you'd take it. Jon It is not possible to pledge for two different rewards ==> How to pledge for a White AND a Black CST-01? It have been asked, by i did not find an answer.. How do one pledge for 2 watches, one black and one white? Can you please provide some advice to those of us who want two watches? Can we simply add the appropriate amount to our pledge level? or can you add some two watch pledge levels? This user's account has been deleted. Looks like an amazing watch! I'm looking forward to following its progress to my wrist. @Zeital, As we were talking about below, the flash is part of the e-ink screen refreshing itself. Some of it may be avoided if they don't refresh the screen every minute, but it has to flash some, and perhaps every minute. Otherwise the time won't change. In fact I would up my pledge if they did two different types.... also is there a way to not have it flash every time the minute clicks over or will this be options from the software that drives the watch??? Personally I don't think adding a date would take away form the minimalistic nature of the watch. I am sure there would be a way to have it while keeping the time the most prominent part. Maybe they could have different types as a stretch goal. 1. Have a Time only watch 2. Have a Date/Time watch not doing a full refresh every minute "could" improve battery life, really we need to hear from the guys developing the hardware and software as to whether this idea would work, whether image sticking would be an issue etc... the two big things I want to see addressed are the contrast / blending between the face and the body of the watch and the flashing on time change. It's a all about this sleek, cool and though posh design. On all theses three criteria, I won't get embarressed by somebody wearing a Jaeger-Lecoultre Spherotourbillon ! @JS, re: battery life: Yes. E-ink displays only use power when they refresh the page/screen. While the CST-01 is displaying the time and not refreshing itself, it isn't using power. My question echoes Thomas' first question: I've pledged for a black CST-01, but I'd also like to get a white one (for the wife). Can I just add $129 to my pledge and then specify the extra's color in a survey at the end? Or... maybe you could add a "one of each color with one base station" tier??? That would be even better! (looks hopeful) Ian, Interesting. Would this also improve battery life? The flashing on kindle displays and other e-ink devices isn't required for every update, the reason for doing it though is that it completely clears the display, without a full wipe and reset you get a small amount of image sticking where you can faintly see what was previously displayed (until the next full wipe). they might with testing find that they only need to do a full refresh hourly or something as there will only be 60 updates in total in that time and not every segment will being being switched 60 times so the image sticking might not be noticeable. any info from the developers would be good on this issue. Ian, thank you. Will buy the second and improved version too once it comes out :-) Bruce, kind of like the old gear clocks? <url>"its about time" and the fact that they state that they won't be adding any extra functions to the watch. probably following the K.I.S.S design paradigm - Keep It Simple Stupid Alex, thanks for the tips on improving my brain functions. I think I need just one more idea from you. See I have no problem remembering a date for lets say 12 hours. But to remember it I have to know it first. Should I carry a calender around, or switch on my computer before I leave the house, just in case that I will need to know the date later on? Or maybe a second watch is a good idea, I had seen that in Russia a couple of times. Ps throw you address book away. It will improve your memory even more... Robert Kwiecien You are right. Don't listen to stupid ideas. Only listen to the good ones. Nergal. You are wearing the watch probably for longer than a minute. That makes it very likely that you see the date a couple of times during the day, if it keeps popping up once in a while . Then its up to you to remember it. The only improvement I'd like to see on the design in better blending between the screen and the surround. some information on how well these resist being deformed and how "sharp" the edge of the metal band is. Please keep the design as it is! Dont listen to stupid ideas. Is it water proof ?? Everything @Robin Benad said. Change nothing. Work only on durability and efficiency. Also no alternate colours. That's just silly. Not even "kickstarter green". Don't do it. Ever. Just my opinion, whatever... @J S maybe do some memory training, learn to remember the date. One more thing: displaying the date does not do any harm, but what I really like about this watch is the minimalistic elegance of it. And with more features it would loose that concept. Of course all the things suggested by pledgers are neat ideas, and in no way "harmful", but not what this watch is all about : "The CST-01 is the most minimal expression of a timepiece, It’s ‘time’ embedded in a band." What use is a date displayed for one seconde every minute? And you do not even know when that second is going to be as seconds are not diplayed. CST have stated that the watch is going to show only the time, and nothing else. That is precisly what I want. If anything like a date or whatnot is to be added onto a watch, please leave that optional for other models, not this model of the CST-01. A Case For Date I dont see the harm in a date. It doesnt have to change the layout of the digits at all. Nobody needs the year (I hope) and then there are 4 digits left which can be shown like this MM:DD if one choses too. If you don't like it just don't activate it and keep the time only. Without additional buttons etc. one could use the docking station interface to chose between two modes. A) just like in the video jumps each minute and just shows the time. h h : m m --> h h : m m+1 B) one second before the time display jumps to the next minute there will be the date displayed for a second or so h h : m m ---> M M : D D ---> h h : m m+1 The watch will stay as it is right now. no buttons etc. The digits don't have to be changed and will stay as well designed as they are right now. Still the date can be shown and if one does not like it one can switch it of with the docking station interface. Great design! Can't wait to hold it in my hands. Please keep it as minimalistic and simple as possible. No date, no alternate layouts, no buttons, no backlight... There are plenty of other options out there for people who need more features (i.e. Phosphor). Instead focus on things like improving the contrast (deeper black, brighter white) to make the look more seamless (+maybe waterproofing). i think the numbers laid out how they show it is the best way, anyother way will take the look away that it has, if you can't read someting sideways then maybe try something else, also i would not add any buttons or anything to it, like it says its about time, not how many thigns it can do, also maybe for people traveling alot that need to update the watch they can make a wallet size card that has a usb plug that slids out and you can charge/update the watch. MAKE IT WATERPROOF please id like to wear it at work but we gotta wash our hands all the time and i dont wanna worry about it wow. I've been looking for a cool e-ink watch for a long time. looks like i found the right watch. Since you've already reached your goal. Stretch goal colors would be great. Like exclusive KS colors. I agree with most of the guys about rotating numbers for example through the base for different reading mood, and also to better blend the screen with its surroundings. Awesome project so glad it reached the goal! An unfortunate thing I see with having to set the time on the base station is if you travel to another time zone, you have to bring the base with you and wait to set the time for when you're able to connect up your watch. :( It would be awesome if we were able to have more than 1 time set and be able to switch between them. @Courtney, From the front page: "Charging and setting the time is done on the included base station" Ahh.... How would you change the time on this watch? @Kevin Myers, It IS steel. ;) "The CST-01 is assembled by laminating thin, flexible components into a 0.5mm pocket etched into a single piece of flexible stainless steel." This is exciting. I have been waiting years for someone to make a real eInk watch like this. There have been prototypes and demos, but it's great to finally see one heading to production. What are the measurements of the watch at the moment - i.e. what size wrist does it fit? i agree with others that a more seamless look of the screen and faceplate would look better, i'm super excited that it made goal so now we know we will get one at some point! scrap that - I just re-read the info - 12/24 hour is an option :) for those asking for options like being able to rotate the numbers or add in date information I guessing its just not possible. my understanding of the screen is this: its essentially the same as building a clock out of 7 segment displays with the differences being: 1) the display here is e-ink 2) the segments have been tweaked a bit to allow for a more flowing and appealing font this means there are only certain fixed lines or blocks that they can turn on or off (i.e. 62 of them) to form the different numbers used for the time.. the only other information they could portray would have to be done through those same four numbers. One thing I would like to know though - can the watch be set to display either 12 or 24 hour time? Great concept. The only thing I would add is maybe to have the time rotate for reading(maybe with a touch or button or something). You don't need to have anything else as it is a watch. And please make sure that it will fit smaller wrists. I think it would be cool to have a heavier watch band, maybe steel? This looks great, I can't wait to receive mine. My only input would be to have an option to rotate the numbers so they can be read in portrait view. WoW superb design! A date would be perfect! Also a possibility to turn the numbers 90 degrees would be nice so it could be read like a normal watch. Keep on the good work!!! Charging time: 10 (ten) minutes. Working time (battery life): 30 days (or more..."the measured current draw extrapolates to a battery life of 45 days") Congrats on reaching the funding goal! Looks like CES helped people find the watch! I would agree with Andrew B that there are a lot of people who like it how it is and don't think any features need to be added, especially as the run is probably going to get quite big! I would only say to try and match the screen colours to the surround, so it looks more seamless! This product is awesome. It would be nice if it came in a color or two (grey, kickstarted green, blue, or red maybe?), and/or have different "watch faces" to pick from since it appears the device isn't updatable. At any rate this is great! Great idea! My two cents (-ish): 1) Congrats on reaching your funding goal! I'm excited to have helped enable this to become a real product, and I look forward to being able to proudly wear a CST-01. 2) Date, backlight, time syncing, bluetooth, gestures, etc are totally unnecessary (to have in this product). While there are a few people advocating for extra features, know that there are MANY out here (nearly 1,700 backers so far!) that are thrilled with your original concept: simple, elegant, time. If the product line expands in the future (this is "01" after all), then sure, add some extra features. But the goal of this project is pretty straightforward - it's to create "The World's Thinnest Watch" and it looks amazing. Thanks to Nergal, Nate, Marcus, and all the others who have expressed vocal support for not changing the design. Consider me another supporter of the project as-written. Good work! Just a few tips: - It would be nice if the bracelet to become flexible in order to be able to adapt to the shape of the wrist. - It would be nice if you add a solar panel to charge the battery... Date seems essential to me too. Yay! Over $200,000 :) I would appreciate at least a mode where date and time is cycling. I also ordered a few Pebble, I understand perfectly why you want to keep it simple, but having the date available would be nice (with a choice of DD/MM/YY, etc.) In two days, you've achieved over 95% of your pledge goal. It seems imminent that funding will substantially exceed your campaign goal. I understand new features are out of the question, but have you given any thought to stretch goals? Here you can find some more pictures and a short video <url>" and down) as well as XL version. Will the base work with 220v? +1 for Deborah's idea for syncing with internet time servers. Or at least maybe it can sync via bluetooth to a smartphone and get the time off that. I like the simplicity of the design, but I think a date display would be a nice add. Just saying. =) Stainless steel is a good choice for the skin-contact areas. It tends not to cause allergic reactions like nickel and chrome can. Hope that the same is true of the electrical contacts on the inside of the wristband. I'm assuming that there is no synchronization with Internet time servers when the watch sits on the base station. Correcting for drift in the watch is going to have to be manual, as is correcting for daylight saving. If I am wrong (I would love to be), please tell us. The watch looks really awesome! Just would have wished for the wristband to be "color-swappable" so that you could turn it in an either black or white watch (of course the display would need to switch its color-scheme too)... How big is the watch? I have an 8.5" diameter wrist. Is it adjustable for a tight/loose fit? This is an awesome project! I have been looking at the Phosphor E-Ink watches for a while now, but something was just missing. I saw this on Engadget and jumped for it. I think this has huge potential and look forward to receive the product! Am sure this will be asked several times..but is this watch water proof/resistant? Looks pretty cool, I'm down for one. A very exciting innovative product. I can't believe that I am the first backer. Good Luck guys.