Some optional game features may add or subtract a small amount of play time Great Gameplay! - Praise from reviewers and gamers of all ages for Darkrock Ventures! High Replayability! - Optional features like the Corporate Sponsors cards allow you to make each game as unique and diverse as you want! High Accessibility! - Darkrock Ventures has a very gentle learning curve and is extremely easy to pick up and play! Backer-only Discounts! - Base price is already $11 off MSRP, with even deeper discounts for multiple copies! Stretch Goals Galore! - Your pledge WILL make the game better! Together we will make it awesome! Bundled Deals Available! - Even deeper discounts AND lower costs for combined shipping Customer Support - It is our duty and honor to put your concerns at ease throughout the ENTIRE production process. If you have a question or just want to say hello, reach out to us! Online and ready to assist you with your Pledge! Base Game Content List We are committed to making Darkrock Ventures the best game possible, and with your help, we can! Every component with planned unlockable upgrades labelled accordingly! Improvements already made through Stretch goals shown in Bold Rule Book High Quality, full wrap box - upgradable! 1 2mm Chipboard Square Leader Token/Turn order reference card with linen finish! 1 Game Board, 2mm thick, 12"x12" Quad-Fold WITH SPOT UV 5 CUSTOM SHAPED Large "Captain" Meeples (one of each player color) 20 CUSTOM SHAPED Small "Crew" Meeples (four of each player color) 5 2mm Chipboard Over-Sized Mining Vessel Tracker cards (one of each player color) - upgradable! 5 310 GSM Ivory Core Blackjack-Sized Corporate Sponsor cards with linen finish! - Current total: 12 13 310 GSM Ivory Core Blackjack-Sized Therion Marauder cards with linen finish! 5 Cut/Shaped Wooden Score-Tracking tokens (one of each player color) 5 Cut/Shaped Wooden Cargo-Lock tokens, (one of each player color) 36 Cut/Shaped Wooden Resource tokens (10 orange [Iron], 8 blue [Cobalt], 6 white [Platinum], 6 red [Neutronium], 6 yellow [Solar Energy] 18 Translucent Six-Sided Dice (3 of each player color, 2 clear, 1 black) Zip-Lock bags (enough to sort the components anyway you like!) Stretch Goal Potential: Mini-Expansion #1 - Research Deck - Current total: 15 Cards Mini-Expansion #2 -Solo & Co-Op Expansion! *Kickstarter Limited Exclusivity - Some upgrades and stretch goal content may not be included in future print runs or in regular retail distribution. This content may become available again in the future in limited supply at conventions, through contests, BGG store, or directly from Magic Meeple Games / Gamelyn Games. With our bare-minimum funding goal, we can afford to to produce Darkrock Ventures as an outstanding game, but we want to make Darkrock Ventures absolutely AMAZING! To accomplish this, we have planned a feast of Funding-based Stretch Goals and Social-Media-based Achievements. Every dollar pledged, every Re-Tweet, every Facebook follower, every Share, and every one of our champion fans COUNTS and will make Darkrock Ventures a little bit better and a little bit more awesome! Please share this project with EVERYONE and let's bring the best game we can to our community TOGETHER! THANK YOU for your continued support! Funding Stretch Goals: You did it! Spot UV on the game board!! ...even MORE Stretch Goals await! Social Media Achievements: Follow us on Twitter! Like us on Facebook! More followers and more likes = More Content! All this and more make the use of dice in Darkrock Ventures a matter of strategy; planning around partial knowledge and manipulating the odds to suit your objectives...increasing meaningful decisions, not removing them! Your very own Mining Ship! Your Ship and Player Tracker! CREW QUARTERS - This is where your Crew Meeples are stored when they are not in use on the board. In the standard setup, each player begins with three. MINING RIGS - This is where your Mining Rig Dice are kept when not in use. At $0 you have only one, but as you pass the score thresholds of $10 and $20 respectively, you get access to more! SHIP NAME - Each ship has a beautiful crew illustration and will have a unique name...and you could be the one to name it! See the Name-A-Ship! Pledge level! CARGO BAY - As resource tokens are collected, you will need to store them on your ship until they can be exported. In the standard setup, each player begins with three spaces in their Cargo hold, but it can be expanded to hold more! Corporate Sponsors You can use the basic starting loadouts for every player each game, or you can give them a Corporate Sponsor card at random instead to shake things up! The Board and the Dice Place Crew on a Mining Site. When it is your turn to roll your dice, if you can make the total with one of your Rig Dice plus one of the Shared Dice, then you get to collect that resource! The Therion Marauders The Therion Marauders. Once you begin exporting, they'll know it! In space, no one can hear you scream...but they can hear you digging! Once you and your competition begin exporting the valuable ore for cash, a violent and ruthless species of alien space pirates called the Therion Marauders will begin sending ships to assault the asteroid and support satellites in the area in hopes of keeping you occupied or scared until their mothership arrives to claim the asteroid for themselves. But you don't have to take that from them! You will have ample time to plan around these attacks and there are special protective Dome Shields that can be activated by spending Neutronium as a fuel source. If you have any crew assigned to a site that is under attack, you can pay any resource to protect them, or they must flee those sites and return to their quarters on your ship. When a Therion Marauders card is drawn, between 0 and 4 Sites are attacked. If you have any Crew there, you have to raise the shields or flee! Phases of a Round Each round in Darkrock Ventures consists of 5 easy-to-follow steps, thanks to the special aid that will be included in the game, they are easy to follow and remember! Undead Viking has produced an outstanding preview video which does an amazing job explaining the game and how to play! Left Hand Reviews has also produced an outstanding preview video which explains how to play very well! Click HERE to download the Darkrock Ventures rules of Play (Preview version) By now, you've read about how great Darkrock Ventures is, we want to prove it! PRINT IT! PLAY IT! & BACK IT! Follow the links below to find the FREE Print-N-Play preview edition of Darkrock Ventures. Please note: The Rulebook is a separate download. Click the image above to download the Print-N-Play Files Click HERE for the Print-N-Play Rule book (Preview version) Your pledging options are simple: Deluxe PNP kit with Art PDFs Deluxe PNP kit with Art PDFs this PNP kit is an upgrade from the Free PNP in that it includes the final art for the game and will be presented in full color. You will also receive a set of original artwork PDFs to enjoy. (This is a digital reward, redeemable by file link provided via KickStarter mail.) Darkrock Ventures Darkrock Ventures the complete game including ALL unlocked Stretch Goals (in quantities of x1, x2, x4, or x6, Save up to $105 off MSRP and enjoy combined shipping savings with multiple-copy pledges!) Name-A-Corporate Sponsor! Name a Corporate Sponsor Card - There are a limited number of Corporate Sponsor cards in Darkrock Ventures and they all need names! Here is your time to shine, got a creative sci-fi idea? Maybe you want to honor someone special? Maybe a shout out for your own company! You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a final copy of Darkrock Ventures (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) Name-A-Ship! Name a Ship (Player Tracker) Card! - There are exactly five Player Tracker cards in Darkrock Ventures, each representing an independent deep-space mining ship. These ships need names too!Here is your time to shine, got a creative sci-fi idea? Maybe you want to honor someone special? You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a DELUXE Advance prototype so you will get to play the game long before manufacturing is complete. This level also includes an Advance FINAL copy of Darkrock Ventures, which will be airmailed to you before regular distribution and autographed by the development team, includes All unlocked Stretch Goals (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) Name The Darkrock! The Ultimate Pledge! Name the Darkrock! - That big giant rock in the middle of space is in need of a designation as well! You could be the one to name the metal-rich asteroid! This is the ultimate level of Darkrock Ventures honor! You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a DELUXE Advance prototype so you will get to play the game long before manufacturing is complete. This level also includes an Advance FINAL copy of Darkrock Ventures, which will be airmailed to you before regular distribution and autographed by the development team, includes All unlocked Stretch Goals (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) DRV Content Naming Terms Name submissions must be no shorter than 3 characters and not excessively/unnecessarily long. Name submissions must not clash with the futuristic science fiction theme of the game. Only English letters and Arabic numerals, please. Backers are asked to submit three names in order, with 1 being the most desirable and 2 and 3 being back-ups respectively if the first choice cannot be used. Magic Meeple Games / Gamelyn Games reserve the right to deny or modify name submissions as required, Backers will be given an opportunity to resubmit if this occurs. Backers will not be able to choose which particular card/ship their name submission is given to Darkrock Ventures has been toured to several events and conventions (Tabletop Day events, Strategicon-Gamex, Phoenix Comicon, Origins Game Fair, and we'll be showing it at GenCon...just to name a few) and has been our exclusive focus for the past four months. Everyone who played it with us so far has LOVED IT and we know you will too! But don't take our word for it, check out the reviews Darkrock Ventures has received! Click here to read the full review on CardboardRepublic.com! Click here to see Undead Viking's full review! NEW: Click on the image to read the full review! Click the image to watch Rahdo's Runthrough of Darkrock Ventures! Click on the image to read the full review at Indie Cardboard! Click on the image to read the full review at Giant From the North! Click the image to see Kristen's full writeup about Origins 2015 and Darkrock Ventures! Click on the image to see all of the awesome reviews from BGG users just like you and me! The best thing you can do to help Darkrock Ventures is to donate or pledge. The SECOND best thing you can do to help Darkrock Ventures is to spread the word on your Social Media sites! Here are some fun social media avatars you can use to help express your fandom! Collect them all! The more Followers and Likes we can accumulate means the more people know about our projects, which equals more awesome content in every game! THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! All rewards for this project will be shipped from the USA. Delivering Your Reward Responsibly Our number one goal and responsibility is to deliver the rewards that our backers pledge for. Gamelyn Games brings years of experience to this project and has overseen all of our planning and arrangements to ensure Darkrock Ventures will be delivered to all backers in a timely manner just like all of their previous projects. Every backer is important to us, regardless of location, just as much every pledge makes a difference, regardless of amount. Unfortunately shipping costs are something we all have to face, but that does not mean we cannot be transparent about this challenge and tackle it responsibly. The learning experiences Gamelyn Games has overcome with shipping have come to this campaign in full, and we aim to manage our (and your) risk in a responsible and professional manner. Shipping costs are a very real factor. They can be volatile and are never trivial. Further, I do not feel that claiming to offer "Free Shipping" only to hide that very real & significant cost somewhere else is the best way of doing things and our backers deserve better. We have decided to offer affordable FLAT-RATE shipping to various regions, but at the same time offer CUSTOMS-FRIENDLY shipping available to ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD through our friends at Ship Naked to offer the best overall value we can for your pledge. We will always endeavor to keep shipping charges as low as possible by offering discounts on pledges for more than one copy at a time through campaign rewards and add-ons made available through Pledge Manager. The best way to get the game for the lowest cost possible is to split a multi-pack with some friends or family members, everyone can share the cost benefit and more copies ordered means Darkrock Ventures itself will become a better game. Regarding Customs: Our shipping partner, Ship Naked, offers what they call "Customs-Friendly Worldwide Shipping" meaning they coordinate all transport, customs clearance, and brokerage from the factory to the destination using shipping depots all around the world. They have already laid the groundwork to ensure all packages will make it to backers in every country as smoothly and inexpensively as possible. While we cannot personally guarantee that no single person will have any customs difficulties on an individual level, we are confident in Ship Naked's ability to mitigate any potential issues and keep surprise costs far away from our backers and their ability to make it right should any such problems arise. Historically, Gamelyn Games has had very few individual cases of customs difficulties and the processes have improved even more since those challenges have occurred. Pledge with Confidence! International Backers Please Keep in Mind: While the shipping costs outside the USA are greater, every base copy of the game will be sold $11 below MSRP through this campaign, with discounts even greater when multiple copies are ordered. Plus, you are guaranteed to get the game before general retailers AND with all bonus content which may never be available at retail at all. Making you pledge in this campaign your BEST VALUE for the complete Darkrock Ventures experience! Get some friends together to split a multi-pack to maximize the value for your pledge! Click the image to see an interview with the Designer of Darkrock Ventures! Michael Eskue is the designer of Darkrock Ventures, as well as many other awesome games such as the TableTop-featured Council of Verona from Crash Games. Michael is an experienced designer and we hope you'll agree he has outdone himself with Darkrock Ventures! Meet the Rest of the Team! Not pictured: all of the outstanding fans, reviewers, playtesters, and backers! (Sorry, there wasn't enough room for everyone!) All Add-Ons for this project are included in the reward tiers and/or will be handled AFTER the campaign within PledgeManager. There are no separate Add-Ons during the campaign. If you'd like to add additional copies of the game to your pledge beyond what is available in the reward tiers, you will be able to do so within PledgeManager after this Kickstarter campaign ends. Please do not add to your KS pledge for add-ons, you will pay for them in PledgeManager. Want extra copies after the campaign ends? No problem with PledgeManager! (Additional menu items may be unlocked alongside Stretch Goals) Magic Meeple Games, LLC. is a tabletop publishing company based in Phoenix, Arizona. By gamers, for gamers, we are Magic Meeple the Boardgame People! We are passionate, lifelong tabletop gamers and we want to show that passion through the games we choose to design, develop, and publish. Gamelyn Games has partnered with us to elevate Magic Meeple Games to their level of quality and customer satisfaction straight out of the gate and bring even more great games into the world for all kinds of boardgamers just like you and me! Magic Meeple Games began in the industry years ago through independent game design, company co-owner Ian Stedman is a published designer himself and has worked on several projects for several other publishing companies as a consultant. This is the first entry into our published catalog, but not our first experience with the boardgame industry. We would not ask for your pledges if we were not confident in our ability to fulfill the obligations we have set forth for ourselves. We have worked hard to hone our craft and learn everything necessary to produce quality games at competitive prices and at last we have the tools we need to do so. Now, we need your help to make it all real! Our customers are our #1 focus and we are honor-bound to provide the most friendly & prompt service and communication we possibly can. Please do not hesitate to contact us on Twitter @MagicMeeple, find us on Facebook.com/MagicMeepleGames, send me a message directly on Kickstarter, or you can even email me directly at <email>! You can learn more about Magic Meeple Games HERE. Most of all, I want to thank each and every one of your for your belief and support with this project! Please share it with your friends and family, spread the word! All the Best, Ian Stedman, Co-Founder - Magic Meeple Games www.MagicMeepleGames.com - Thank you for backing our project!! (Dark Rock Ventures) ©2015 Magic Meeple Games, LLC. all rights reserved Images/components shown of the games are subject to change per manufacturer's requirements, and the publisher's options for what is in the best interest of the game and the backers. Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! We haven't forgotten about you! We have some news that we hope you will find exciting! We are currently negotiating with a vendor who would like to secure the exclusive rights to sell Darkrock Ventures on several key online marketplaces and help new players discover it. Which we think is awesome! This also will likely lead to a 2nd edition reprint when the stock of the 1st Edition runs out (and there isn't much left!) We've reached out to designer Michael Eskue to get the seeds planted for any new content we might be able to stretch into a Second Edition of Darkrock Ventures and how we can reward those of you who backed it first. More as it develops! Incoming Transmission is now Live on Kickstarter! We are also writing to let everyone know that we have a new project on KickStarter freshly launched today! Incoming Transmission marks our return to the year-3000 science-fiction theme originally explored in DRV. Perhaps there will be some secret connections to be found? Our interactive campaign invites ALL backers to play the game itself using a massively-multiplayer voting system and Kickstarter updates... we think you're going to love it! (Watch for the update when the project reaches its funding goal!) We see many of you have already joined us, for that we THANK YOU! As always, we couldn't do any of this without all of you. We look forward to seeing you all! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Hello everyone!! It's been a little while but we have some news for you! I have been getting more messages than usual regarding the fact that Darkrock Ventures has become difficult to find for sale online recently, and that is intentional. Early on, we had a trial run with a special Amazon program for crowdfunding projects called Seller Central...anyhow, an agent from Amazon was really gungho about it and emailed me about three times a day to get me on board. To start the process we were to send some samples of the game to Amazon for them to sell and they would supposedly send more buy orders afterward. Well after we signed up and sent the case of games our agent became an absentee-parent and just added to the problem we had early on with other online-retailers trying to out-undercut each other, we chose to cut off the supply until it ran dry. Now that it seems to be doing exactly that, we plan to reintroduce Darkrock Ventures back to regular distribution at a new MSRP of $44.99 USD. It will also appear on Amazon now that the fulfillment partner who helped us fulfill the Fire of Eidolon campaign has also helped us set up our own proper Amazon business account and now we have much more control over the online sales and pricing. FoE is available on Amazon now directly from us but it is fulfilled by Amazon and soon DRV will likely be available the same way. If you know of a retail store that might be interested in carrying Darkrock Ventures, or any of our products, please have them reach out to us at <email> and we'll make sure they are taken care of properly (with some bonus promos and supplies to host DRV tournament at your FLGS too, if you're interested!) For anyone who would like to order copies of our other games at nearly the original KS price right now , we'd like to invite you to the Pledge Manager for our Overworld campaign , which is now open to all of our past and present backers! Even if you did not back the Overworld campaign or would like to now, you can! Just click on the image below to visit the project page! Revised Darkrock Ventures Solo/Cooperative Variant now available for download! DRV Designer Micheal Eskue has revised the Solo/Co-operative rules and has shared it for everyone's enjoyment! Follow the link below to give it a try! <url>#1 and the DRV Tabletop Simulator module . Follow us on Twitter and stay tuned for announcements for those! Once again, thank you all so very much for helping us make it this far! We hope you'll stay with us going into 2017 and beyond! All the best, Hello Magic Meeple Games supporters! We have just uploaded a Frequently Asked Questions document for Darkrock Ventures in response to all of the questions we have received since its release. Please feel free to print it and add it to the box! Big THANK YOU to everyone whose questions contributed to this supplement. You helped us identify where our document was the weakest and have given us an opportunity to improve. You can view the FAQ here: <url>"director's cut" for a rulebook? This would be the closest thing to that, I suppose, but we're looking forward to finishing it for you all. We hope everyone's holidays are going well so far! Have a safe and happy new year! Thank you! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! We're nearly complete in fulfilling Darkrock Ventures! We have had some mishaps with couriers but with the exception of some replacement orders still being processed, we are very close to completion of fulfillment and that is a great feeling. We had a lot of challenges along the way but we learned and grew and we have you all to thank for that! We appreciate everyone's support! Before we move on, I have a very important question to ask everyone involved in the campaign: Have you received Darkrock Ventures yet? YES! :D Awesome!! We're very happy to hear this from so many of you. Please rate the game and log your plays on Board Game Geek so everyone will know about what we've created! Yes, but... :\ If you received your package but something was damaged, has parts missing, or you received the incorrect quantity of games/parts, please visit ShipNaked.com/replacements right away and let them know. If you live in the USA and you are missing dice , please send me a direct message right here on Kickstarter, I can send dice directly from our office to anyone in the USA quickly. NO! :( Please accept our apologies, and rest assured we'll make it right. If you have not yet let us know about some other kind of discrepancy with your order (no emails yet, etc.) please let us know with a direct message RIGHT AWAY so we can make sure all orders are dispatched properly. We want everyone to receive what they paid for! Retail release is this Friday October, 7th! After this Friday, we will begin fulfilling orders to retailers, please let us know where you spot Darkrock Ventures in the wild! We love to see our games on hobby store shelves! Expansion pack #1 still in stock I am pleased to report that BGG is still well stocked on the Expansion Pack #1 now available at the BGGStore . It offers 5 more Corporate Sponsors cards and 5 more Research cards not included in the base game. Even more replayability, I love it! Tabletopia and TableTop Simulator releases soon! Play with friends in faraway places with these two digital options, which will become available in the coming weeks! Current Project Status : Fire of Eidolon Our PledgeManager for Fire of Eidolon is still open! Join us here if you missed the Kickstarter and want to get another great Magic Meeple Games title! <url>#1 I may have done a poor job explaining the situation so I can attempt to clarify what is going on with regard to my overuse of the word "Expansion": The "Mini-Expansion" unlocked as part of the KS Stretch Goals = Neutronium Crisis This content is included in EVERY copy of Darkrock Ventures as per the campaign stretch goal. If you backed or end up buying it months down the line, these features are included. Extra Game Content that was not a part of unlocked stretch goals = Expansion Pack #1 This content that we paid out of pocket to produce so we could offer them as a BGGstore promo and as Convention prizes. This pack is ten extra cards we had planned to add, 5 Corporate Sponsors and 5 Research Cards. It is not a full expansion, only a pack of cards. We know there are concerns with the supply of Expansion Packs at the BGG store , please do not feel pressured or obligated to order it before your copy of DRV arrives. We have made sure BGG has a deep supply and we have even more here at our office. We will check in with them periodically to check their supply levels and re-stock if necessary. If all else fails, if you email me and ask to buy a pack because everyone else is out, we'll start selling them for the same price through our website directly. We mean it when we say we want everyone that wants them to have a chance to get these cards. If you have damaged/missing parts please don't use the comments to tell us! If you have missing or damaged DICE : Please send me a direct message If you are missing or received damaged ANYTHING ELSE : <url>ಠ_ಠ Retailers, Manufacturers, and Publishers of board games will all pretty much agree on this topic in that it's a huge problem for our industry. It lowers the value of what we've all worked so hard and given so much to produce, it is pretty much the reason why Asmodee is buying other publishing companies every other week, and we don't take it lightly either. We know some of you have brought to our attention some online stores offering pre-orders for Darkrock Ventures at prices lower than what our backers paid. This is not acceptable as far as we are concerned and we would like to do what we can to control this problem before it gets out of hand. The first step was to inform our distributor (ShipNaked) and ask for more guidance and information. They came back to me with some things that I already knew, and some things that I didn't; The only thing we can control is the price that retailers are charged for our products, if someone is selling it too low, then we could ostensibly just raise the price and then they would have to charge more. This tactic works great for fighting online undercutters, but who suffers the most are the friendly local hobby shops that now have an even thinner margin to work with. Alternatively, we could ask them to sign a Minimum Advertised Price (MAP) agreement to keep the price at MSRP. Sometimes this works, sometimes this doesn't. When it doesn't, sometimes you can enforce it, usually you can't, and definitely not without a full-time legal representative. We know that ZERO orders have been fulfilled through regular distribution, the Street Date for that begins on Oct, 10. If someone is selling it now, it means they were a backer or were affiliated with a backer. Can't do anything about it if someone wants to sell it at a loss just for clicks, but we can try to limit these retailers' ability to make these kinds of detrimental price cuts by simply not doing business with them. We've been warned that they are crafty and will go through layers of distribution to undercut anyone else they can, but that doesn't mean we have to lay down and make it easy. If you see Darkrock Ventures being sold under the price that our own backers paid, I need to know about it right away so I can ask our distributors that we do not fulfill any of their orders until we can correct the pricing matters. Please tell us if you see any more sites like Miniatures Market that are undervaluing our games in this way. We want the hobby shops to get the business they deserve and we want our backers to feel that the price we ask them for is and will always be the best price. Thank you all for your understanding and support in this matter. We take this very seriously, and it affects us all. Fire of Eidolon PledgeManager NOW OPEN We hope that we have won some of you over now with DRV in-hand. If you'd like to join in on the FoE campaign as a late backer, we would love to have you. We are going to keep it open for a while, at least until we know all copies of DRV are in our backers' hands so there is no pressure here. Here is the link for anyone who would like to jump in with us! <url>#1, the rest went straight to Board Game Geek, be on the lookout for the product appearing in the BGG Store in about a week or so! If they sell out, we have more! We're so excited to see so many happy backers with their packages arriving safe and sound. Unfortunately, the rumors are completely true and sometimes the postal service allows some packages to be handled by wild bears before they arrive on your doorstep. Some other backers have not received their delivery yet at all. We are working around the clock to help process these requests and make sure everyone gets what they pledged for! If you suspect something is wrong with your order, see the possible questions below to see if your situation is applicable: Did your package arrive damaged? If your package arrived damaged or was missing any components, please visit <url>" shipnaked " and " darkrock " to find the relevant messages if they exist in your inbox. If you still don't see anything, this could mean something is wrong. If you have received zero correspondence from ShipNaked or anyone else regarding your delivery, please send me a direct message on Kickstarter immediately so we can check directly with ShipNaked about your delivery. Don't Panic! Street Date is not until October 7th! We have been told that shipments are still going out and will be arriving on doorsteps until the end of the month. If you have gotten shipping notifications but have not gotten your delivery just yet, it does not necessarily mean something is wrong with your order. We expect a lot of you are receiving yours this week or even as we speak! The "Street Date" for Darkrock Ventures has been set for October 7th, this is when ShipNaked/HitPointSales expect that all deliveries will be sent and will begin accepting orders for general distribution. Retailers that backed the Darkrock Ventures campaign and have received their order are under no obligation to hold product until the Street Date of October 7th. This will not be the case with any new orders placed through general distribution. Beware of Scalpers! I don't know if I should be flattered or horrified that we recently found copies of Darkrock Ventures on eBay and amazon for as much as $200(!) But in either case we don't want anyone who missed out to get taken advantage of. If you or someone you know would like to order another copy of Darkrock Ventures, please let us know! We will be happy to take direct pre-orders and get them shipped out ASAP with everyone else's! THANK YOU! I want to end on a positive note and say thank you to everyone again for helping us get this far, and a special shout out to everyone who has reached out to me and gushed over how impressed they are with the end result of all of our hard work. Take and post photos or make unboxing videos like our friend Bearded Rogue did! <url>"What do I do if I didn't get an email?" Don't panic! The first thing we suggest you do is check your SPAM folder or any other accounts that you might have used for Kickstarter to avoid spam in your regular account. But, if it still isn't there, all you need to do is click here: <url>"I'm on a boat" jokes? No? Eh, alright then... Current Status: On a boat and halfway home! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Wanted to share some good news with everyone. Got word from our distributor that Darkrock Ventures is currently about halfway through its cruise overseas, and we could have it Stateside (with some luck) in time for GenCon! We don't yet know if it will clear customs in time for any distribution to occur (pickup at the event, etc) but we will keep everyone informed of the progress as it develops. Only about 2 or 3 weeks left before they receive it in Boston, open the crates and then packages start going directly to your mailboxes, my friends! Thank you very much for sticking with us through this while we iron out all the wrinkles and discover the right questions to ask. :) You've all been awesome and we want to be awesome back, so we have added in a goodie to our Fire of Eidolon kickstarter campaign for you folks: Before anyone panics, NO, this will NOT be the only way to get this promo card, but it will go out first with all of the Fire of Eidolon packages as the card will be included in that manufacturer's order and arrive to us at the same time. We wanted a special way to thank everyone generous enough to back both campaigns but still be fair to everyone. It is my hope and expectation that our distribution partner gets Darkrock Ventures to you to before the FoE campaign ends so you all will be able to see how gorgeous the game turned out and have more of you join us with the new game, which everyone who has played LOVES it so far. But I think it would be a good tradition for us to begin including a special card for our previous game in each project that follows to thank the backers that decided to take it on faith that they will be delivered a quality product and feeling confident enough to back another project. Backers of the FoE campaign will also be offered an opportunity to buy Darkrock Ventures at a special price, but we will not make it as low as we did for the original Darkrock Ventures campaign (that wouldn't be right) but for YOU all, if you back FoE and want additional copies of DRV afterward, we will reimburse the difference to you in Pledgemanager and make sure you get the same original KS pricing or better. It's the least we can do to thank you all for believing in us, and we already see a lot of names from this campaign in the Fire of Eidolon list! We would like to cordially invite everyone to join us and make Fire of Eidolon as brilliant as we all made Darkrock Ventures! We even have a new pledge level available that we think you're going to love! (You'll have to let us know if this is something you'd like us to do with Darkrock Ventures cards, if you back and want them, let me know in the comments and we'll hook you up for the same price as the other CUSTOM CARDS) ;) The new pledge level will be going live with the first update of that campaign going out shortly. Thanks again everyone! First some clarifications I may have done a poor job of explaining the current shipping situation last night and for that I apologize. Here are some bullet points that should clear up a lot of FAQs: Don't panic! Everything is already in transit to their national destinations We were told this afternoon that the part of the shipment with all non-North American destinations arrived at port late last week and has entered the EU customs process. I have not been given an arrival-at-port ETA yet for the US-bound shipment We do not know if the shipment will arrive in time for GenCon, but we have not yet been told that it is impossible. When we have specific dates, we will share them right away. The Fire of Eidolon FREE Print and Play Is now available at <url>"We did it!" moment, but this was a huge milestone for us. Everything is now literally and truly out of our hands at this point and the next thing we know, it will be on all of our shelves. Thank you everyone for believing in us! You've all been incredibly kind and the best customers anyone could ask for. THANK YOU! Now that we have the experiences and knowledge from this campaign, we can proceed with Fire of Eidolon knowing we have taken measures to avoid the same pitfalls that caused our minor delays with DRV. Next steps for Darkrock Ventures to your door! Everything is now locked and loaded as it were and Darkrock Ventures is now in the hands of our distributor, ShipNaked who is committed to getting every backer everything they pledged for. When I originally reported that we had a shipping date of June 10th, we expected that meant everything would be put on a boat and then we'd get it in the US distribution center and then final packages would go out. Well, it turns out we misunderstood and that wasn't exactly correct, once we got the distributor and manufacturer talking to each other they actually found a much smarter way to do it. While I do not have complete timeline information yet I will share what we know: All of the copies of DRV that are being delivered to backers outside of North America have no need to travel to North America, the shipment was split at the factory to save on customs fees and duplicated travel. I have been told that nobody should get any surprise customs fees thanks to this. This also means that our European backers may get the game much earlier than they might have expected, maybe even before our North American backers do, which is quite a switch from what they may be used to. And, no, this won't make the North America shipments arrive any later, I understand everything is on schedule at this stage. We'll let you all know when to expect packages when we have that information. Advance Copies for premium backers! This also means that those of you whose pledge levels included autographed advance copies can be expecting your deliveries VERY soon, those should be arriving to you actually within the next 2-3 weeks, maybe sooner as those copies are traveling by air. I cannot wait to start ticking off those "Fulfilled" boxes in the Kickstarter backer list! Fire of Eidolon launches NEXT WEEK! Just in the nick of time, we have fulfilled all of our obligations to our Darkrock Ventures backers and the game is literally in the mail. We hope this encourages you all to join us for our next Kickstarter campaign for Fire of Eidolon for which we are incredibly excited! We got an updated quote for the project which came in much lower than we expected once we made some critical components changes (all of which for the better) and now we are able to share that our Kickstarter price point for Fire of Eidolon will be $24 or less. (Same price as the Tiny Epic series our DRV co-publisher is famous for!) And a most-likely MSRP for $30 or less. We want to get the price as low as possible for all of you, so we are sharing the upper cap of the KS price for you all right now, if it changes we will only make it LESS at this stage. Please let us know what you think! We need your help! If you can help us spread the word about Fire of Eidolon's launch, we have started a Thunderclap Event HERE and a Facebook Event HERE . Every share helps! Please check them out and participate if you can! We want to let all of our Day-One backers submit and vote on names for the game's villain: the ancient Dark Sorcerer! We will also add an ENHANCEMENT if we can reach our $12,500 funding goal on DAY ONE! Don't miss it! FREE FIRE OF EIDOLON PRINT-AND-PLAY! If you missed out on our Fire of Eidolon print and play giveaway, don't fret! We've decided to take the same kit and make it our FREE Print-and-play for Fire of Eidolon, so now everyone can have a set of their own to try before our Kickstarter campaign on July 14th! We also want our Darkrock Ventures backers to be the first to get it! But BGG admins haven't approved the file yet and it's been all day. I will share a mini update with you all tomorrow to get you the URLs. Wanted to have it all in this message but it is getting pretty late into the evening here and I don't want to keep you all waiting any longer :) Until next time, THANK YOU! Hello and good morning/afternoon/evening Darkrock Ventures champions! It's time for another update! We have some big news and a free drawing at the end so stick with us to the very end of this one! DRV Shipping Status Manufacturing is complete! We received the final production proof early last week and it is beautiful, just take a look at the board now! We are waiting final word from the manufacturer to find out when the container will actually set sail, as our distributor is going to hold onto the part of the shipment that doesn't need to travel overseas first. This may have been delayed by a couple of days due to a small correction in assembly that needed to occur. As soon as we have the final confirmation with dates (and pay the final invoice) we will share that information, but we didn't want to keep you waiting any longer on the rest of this update...mostly because there was another error in manufacturing that I think you all deserve to know about: Stretch Goal Unlocked (!?) It is difficult to tell from a photographs, but all copies of Darkrock Ventures have been given Linen Finish on the box by mistake. This was a feature we wanted to include as a stretch goal beyond $60k but we didn't quite make it there yet and asked for it to be removed from the work order because it would be out of our budget. Long story short: it got left on and we aren't going to be charged for it. Our manufacturer has been awesome to us so far and recognizes that they had a small part in the delays we experienced so this inclusion has been gifted to us and we pass the gratitude on to you all. We keep saying it, but it always feels necessary: Thank you all for your outstanding support and patience while we get everyone's games out to them! Those of you who backed the project at the premium levels that came with an advance copy can expect those to arrive much sooner, as I have one case of Darkrock Ventures being airmailed directly to me. So be on the lookout for those in the next couple of weeks, which will mark our first (non-PnP level) complete fulfillments for the campaign! Post-convention report, Gamex &amp; Phoenix Comicon Gamex and Phoenix Comicon were great! Thank you to everyone who met up with us to play Darkrock Ventures and Fire of Eidolon. We hope you all enjoy your special promo cards and hang onto them! If you missed out, don't worry, we will announce any more upcoming events where our fans can preview our games! We will definitely be at GenCon, and we definitely won't be able to make it to Origins this year (unfortunately) but if anything is coming up between then, we'll let you know when we do, as always! DRV On Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator The poll in the previous update ended in an even split 50/50 vote, so these digital versions are currently unavailable and will remain so until further notice. We will try and set a solid release date for TableTopia to come in line closer to the launch of Fire of Eidolon on Kickstarter, and as for Tabletop Simulator the module is not yet finished so we will have more on that when information becomes available! Current Project Update - Fire of Eidolon We set a Kickstarter date, just in time for convention season to begin a couple weeks ago. Fire of Eidolon will launch July 14, 2016 on Kickstarter ! We felt it was appropriate to launch exactly one year after the launch of Darkrock Ventures, now that we have finished production and now can divert more focus to the next project, it feels right. It is also important that we keep moving forward and not remain idle as we would not be able to continue doing so without making new products available. We hope we have demonstrated that we will deliver on our promises to the best of our ability, no matter what hurdles or challenges get in our way. It meant a great deal to us to let our backers who saw us at these shows get to see and feel and hold the real product that they helped shape and create and see them realize that we're for real and we're not going to disappear overnight and run away with the cash. (That would be too much trouble and we like making games too much anyway) :) Thank you all for sticking with us and having confidence in us. We hope you'll all come along on our journey with Fire of Eidolon and help us set a new Magic Meeple Games Kickstarter record! Giveaway! And now for the moment a reasonable approximation of you have been waiting for! Free stuff! Would you like to win a FREE copy of Darkrock Ventures Expansion Pack #1 and/or a Fire of Eidolon PnP Preview Kit, plus promos? Can you play the game and write a review before July 14th? Then you're in! Take a look at all the details and get your entries here: <url>#1 : Congratulations to the Eskue family! Introducing Eve! We're happy to report that Eve Eskue was born a few days ago and we would like to congratulate mom &amp; dad! Three cheers! Long live House Eskue! Announcement #2 : Darkrock Ventures Shipping Date! Everything is set and underway and we've gotten the report back from manufacturing! Darkrock Ventures begins its journey to your mailboxes on... June 10, 2016 packages will be on their way to the distributor from which they will be sent to each and every one of you all. The wait is almost over! Thank you all so much for your generosity and your patience. I know we had a target of April, and we have improved our processes to prevent such delays again, but with all of the hurdles we experienced the translation is still something we can be happy about. There are a lot of first-campaigns that don't even ship in the same year they estimate delivery. June 10, 2016 will also be the cutoff date for any new pre-orders through MagicMeepleGames.com at the post-KS discount price! We're very happy everybody will be getting our game within a reasonable amount of time. But, there was indeed a delay; and more than just doing better with what we now know, we want to compensate everyone for the inconvenience and thank you all. So, we've invested a little extra to sweeten the deal for our biggest fans, THE BACKERS! Announcement #3 : Magic Meeple Games Crafting Rewards and Expansion Pack #1! We've added an extra card into this first edition of Darkrock Ventures for all of you to hang onto until the time is right. What is it, you ask? Well, it is a Crafting Material ! We will be including a card (or similar item) like this in every one of our projects instead of a regular old proof of purchase. As time goes on, and our catalog grows, we will begin offering special limited promotional items to enhance your game, like extra cards or just cool swag. You'll be able to trade them in when you see us at conventions and we will add opportunities for mail-in redemption in the future. We will be creating different Crafting Material cards for participating in playtests or winning games at events and hope to build this into a component of organized play in the long-term with Darkrock Ventures and future games. Stay tuned to our website for information about redeeming these cards (and in what combinations, if applicable) at our website, MagicMeepleGames.com We also have another treat, with the release of Darkrock Ventures will also come the release of Expansion Pack #1 We've been working with our friends at Board Game Geek and they would like to offer a special promo pack in the BGG store just for Darkrock Ventures! So we took five more of the planned Corporate Sponsor cards and five more of the planned Research cards (all thoroughly tested content) and put them into a special ten-card pack that will be available when Darkrock Ventures arrives. We thought you all would like this instead of holding onto these great cards until we decided to create the first full expansion (hint?) We are still working out the final details with BGG but their admins have been awesome to us all and we're happy to help them by supporting the site and offering these special promos! They will be the exact same size and shape as the cards that come with Darkrock Ventures, so no need to worry about awkward promo shuffling. (And yes, Expansion Pack #1 will come with a special Crafting Material card of its own for you to collect) THANK YOU FOR MAKING US MAGIC MEEPLE, THE BOARDGAME PEOPLE! It isn't much, but it is what we can do right now to express our appreciation for everyone's support and helping us chase our dreams. But wait, there's more! Announcement #4 : We have (literally) just signed a new deal with Berserk Games! We made contact with Berserk games early last month and they have proposed an arrangement to have Darkrock Ventures turned into an official, professionally designed DLC module for Tabletop Simulator on Steam, the same software we have grown so very fond of for our playtesting. Just signed it this morning, in fact! Yes, this will be in addition to the game's availability on Tabletopia and neither will interfere with the other's availability ever. This is GREAT NEWS for anyone outside of the USA that wasn't able to order a copy due to the high cost of shipping. The audience we will be able to reach now with the games we believe in most is going to explode thanks to these two virtual-boardgaming powerhouses on the team. We all accomplished this together! THANK YOU! So, now that we have two virtual versions of Darkrock Ventures on the horizon, we want to be very careful and cautious not to cheapen the experience for those that made all of this possible by backing the physical copy. For this reason, we want to include the cards from Expansion Pack #1, but promotional add-ons that we create and distribute (such The Crafting Materials, as well as the rewards from them) will not be implemented into the virtual versions. We have been notified that Tabletopia is ready to launch their version of Darkrock Ventures, and we don't know how long it will take Berserk to make the module ready for distribution but we have been using a module designed by DRV Developer Andrew Enriquez for many months and it already has some 3d models done. So, we have a question to ask our backers: Poll : When should we make these digital versions of Darkrock Ventures available? Unfortunately, there is no way to restrict access to just the backers of the campaign, so we want to leave it up to you all as to when these digital versions of our game are available for use. We said that we wanted our backers to be the first to get this game that they all personally invested in during our KickStarter campaign, and we want to hold true to that. But, many of you may also be the very ones that want those versions right now. So, we feel it would be more honorable to ask all of you how you would like to see us proceed with this decision: We can: A) Make both Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator versions of Darkrock Ventures available as soon as they are ready. You are the backers and deserve to get it first, if this enables you to enjoy the game you backed that much sooner, we will honor your wishes. OR B) Make both Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator versions of Darkrock Ventures available later, after the street date of the physical game. As it would be the truest way of ensuring the backers (and pre-orders) get the game first, as we originally promised. Some backers may want it now but it would allow non-backers to get it early and if that feels unfair to too many of you, we will honor your wishes. Consider this your first decision as the officially unofficial board of investors in Darkrock Ventures! ;) Please click here to place your vote! We'll take votes over the next week or so and report back with the results on the backers' collective decision! Also...we're not simply looking for a marginal majority here, I feel we need to have at least 75% approval to go forward with this. The last thing we want to do is alienate our backers or make any of you feel cheated after what you've all done to help us! Thank you in advance for your participation!! And since we're here...Do you need to update your address? We made a form for that too! We got so many responses from our last update that we couldn't keep up with them all and needed a way to keep track of it all (thank you to all of those who answered! All those packages will be getting to their destinations!) If YOU need to update your address records with us, Please use this form! Current Project - Fire of Eidolon Things are progressing nicely with our next game, Fire of Eidolon by Michael Lipton . Here's a screenie from our latest playtest (on Tabletop Simulator) We'll be sending out some early preview copies to a small group reviewers in the coming weeks and hopefully start generating some buzz about this game that we're completely in love with! Based on the feedback, then well be inviting more reviewers to try it out in the coming month. We hope you all come along for the ride as we prepare to build a KickStarter campaign for this game as well! Can we break the record we set with Darkrock Ventures? I hope so! We would also love to do another PnP giveaway for this game, and maybe even offer a bonus promo of some kind too, we have some fun ideas that I think you'll enjoy! More as it develops, and if you're planning to visit PHOENIX COMICON this year, you'll find us in the Hyatt hosting demos of Darkrock Ventures (with the manufacturer's preview set!) and FoE too, of course! That's all for today! We can't say thank you enough for making everything here possible! We'll report back as soon as we have more for you all. Have a great week! THANK YOU! Hello DRV Backers! The Pre-Production Copy has arrived for final inspection and approval. This is the final checkpoint for the game before it goes to mass production (but we passed this process early for the wooden bits so we could save on production time). Please keep in mind that this copy is not quite as sharp and vibrant as what we will all see in the final product, the big expensive equipment isn't go great for making a single copy quickly so this is what we use to make sure everything is appearing correctly and in the correct quantities, etc. Why the delay in sharing these? We wanted to make sure we had 100% of our information correct before we started showing everything, just in case we had a problem somewhere. I'm happy to report, we had our call with the manufacturer earlier this afternoon and everything is exactly where it needs to be. There are just a couple small corrections to make and then we're off to the last step before no more changes can be made. There is some great news that came of that, however, more on that below. Anyway, enough yammering. I'll write some relevant notes for each image that contains a correction that will be fixed! Whoops! OK small thing but it's going to be fixed. The board shouldn't have linen finish on it because it drowns out the Spot UV which you can't see very well in the photo. We've already addressed it and you'll be able to see the shininess much better in the final version. Remember that 14" board upgrade we were so worried about? It's a done deal. Thank you ALL for your support and patience while we found our legs in getting everything taken care of so we could thoughtfully craft the best possible end product for all of us to enjoy. We are still and will always be deeply thankful for everyone's help in making this project (and company) possible! We got the final weight of the package finally and we now know without any further doubt that it falls within the parameters we needed it to in order to keep us out of a danger zone on shipping. So, we're happy to officially declare: Darkrock Ventures 1st Edition will include a 14" game board! (Instead of 12") Back to the slideshow! Pulling the Trigger After the new files are put into their system, I need to sign a form and fax it over and the next thing we know we'll start seeing it in game stores and mailboxes everywhere! We'll be working with our distributor to make sure that the list of packages to ship and where is all perfectly in order, thank you to those of you who have let us know that your address is changing, where applicable. Which reminds me... Will your address be changing soon? If you have changed your address since the last time you've backed (or completed PledgeManager) please let us know with a message on Kickstarter so we can get it corrected on our packing list. We don't want any lost packages! Also please let us know if you plan to change your address soon because that may have an impact as well. What's next? Soon, we will begin wrapping up the development and begin promoting our next game, Fire of Eidolon more and begin planning a Kickstarter date. Stay tuned for more information about that. We do not want to make anyone feel like we are launching a new campaign too early, hopefully we can push it out until after delivery of DRV, but we will continue to be transparent as time goes on with the planning. Also, we'll be doing another PnP giveaway with maybe an extra goodie for anyone who might happen to have a set of Darkrock Ventures handy. :) I know everyone is chomping at the bit to see more photos, so I'll go ahead and wrap this up. More photos and more news coming soon! THANK YOU! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Spring is here! The weather is warming up and the kids are out of school and it's time for an overdue update! DRV Project Status: Awaiting Manufacturer's Proofs In the next few weeks we will be getting from our Manufacturer what approximates to an example of the finished product so we can make absolutely sure everything is appearing correctly and in the correct quantities. When this arrives, you can be sure that we will be sending out lots of pictures along with another update Unfortunately, there was a technology problem at the manufacturer that set back production by about a week. This will translate into a small delay in the project's delivery, for which we accept full responsibility and humbly apologize. This was unforeseen and out of our control but we will make up for it by correcting our processes going forward to be more forgiving of such delays and pre-produce and plan out more in advance to speed the process along. Fortunately though, this delay will be rather minimal in comparison to many other first campaigns, which we can all be very proud of achieving together. Thank you again for all of your understanding and support. Did you forget to fill out PledgeManager? Or is your Address going to change? That's OK! We've created a form which will allow you to let us know if you plan on changing, or have already changed your mailing address. It is extremely important that anyone who did not complete the PledgeManager survey use this form to make sure we have your address on record. Any addresses still missing from the list risk having difficulties receiving their rewards. We will use this information to compare against the shipping instructions before sending them out to our distributor for final shipment in hopes of preventing any lost packages. Change your address information with Magic Meeple Games here: <url>"Record a Play" fill in some quick info and press SUBMIT! It only takes a minute and does wonders to help new players learn more about Darkrock Ventures. Thank you all for your help with this! 2-Player Demo for Darkrock Ventures now available on TableTopia! The full version will not be released until the physical product is in your hands, but we all thought you'd enjoy this upgraded version from the Print-and-Play! <url>"Old West" cowboy showdowns, give it a look! They'll also be working with Talon Strikes Studios very soon in a way similar to how they worked with us on DRV for a title called House of Borgia later on this year. Print-N-Play Part 2 (.zip) inbound! A lot of folks following the campaign but didn't pledge for the Print-N-Play kit missed out on the rest of the content in my Print-N-Play Part 1 update, so what I'd like to do is make this update public. I will send out another update in ten minutes with the download link which will be viewable only to those backers at $8 and above. If you pledged for the game in some other way (direct order, Pledge Manager add-on, etc) and you did not get access to the following update, let me know and I will get you the links. To make it easier, I will include the links for Part 1 again as well for anyone that might have been waiting until everything was included to download it. Part 2 includes (all .pdf): - The fully illustrated Rulebook (with all 3 gameplay variants, including the Solo/Co-Op expansion mode Neutronium Crisis . - Neutronium Track board for use with Neutronium Crisis expansion. - and the PDF art package with all of Darkrock Ventures' beautiful artwork Thank you very much, everyone! We look forward to our next big update where we will be able to share more about our manufacturing/delivery timeline. Stay tuned! All the best, Ian Hello and good morning/afternoon/evening DRV backers! Last Call for PledgeManager I would like to take a moment briefly at the beginning of this message to declare last call for PledgeManager surveys! If you haven't already, please complete yours BEFORE Friday, December 11th. <url>" x 11" (A4) doesn't work for everyone, but we also want to make sure that any extra sizes we make are going to be used and we don't leave anyone out. Thanks in advance! I am also pleased to report that today we wired the initial deposit to our manufacturer to begin print production of Darkrock Ventures. It's a big milestone for us for the order to go from "placed" to "(partially) paid for" and we hope you are as excited as we are. Samples should begin arriving within the next several weeks, we're especially looking forward to seeing all the custom wooden bits you unlocked! We'll keep everyone informed! Thank you again and have a wonderful week! -Ian S. Magic Meeple Games www.magicmeeplegames.com Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! It is month two after the Kickstarter campaign funded and it is time for a progress report! Let's begin with PledgeManager! This update contains important information and direction on how to redeem your reward. There will not be an internal Kickstarter survey for this project. Please READ THE ENTIRE UPDATE CAREFULLY! In order for me to fulfill your rewards I will need your contact information and I will be using PledgeManager to collect this data. Email Invite On FRIDAY October 9, 2015 (tomorrow morning). You will receive an email from PledgeManager containing an invitation link, please follow the instructions of that email and use that link to access your reward package. Please monitor your SPAM folder for the email, just in case. What Steps You Need to Take 1. Once you receive an email from the fantastic folks at PledgeManager.com . You will need to click on the link and just follow the simple steps of checking out. Please do this as soon as possible. 2. Once you are in your order screen, you need to confirm the shipping address where you’d like to receive your rewards and confirm your order. If you would like to add additional goodies into your order, you can do that as well. If the process isn't clear once you're in, please feel free to contact me or post questions in this update. You can easily and conveniently update your address in the Pledge Manager anytime! If you plan to relocate before you receive your rewards, please also update your address! I will post an update reminding everyone to update their addresses shortly before we ship the rewards out. So What is PledgeManager? PledgeManager is a specialized fulfillment tool that will help us get your rewards to you as efficiently as possible. PledgeManager is intended to improve your experience for the period after Kickstarter but before reward delivery. It offers you the ability to review centralized information on your PledgeManager projects through a single sign-on. You can change your shipping address up to the moment of reward shipment, and even track the progress and delivery of other projects you’ve backed that are loaded in PledgeManager. Why Use PledgeManager? Because it meets the needs of both the backers and project creators excellently! With PledgeManager, you can update your shipping address anytime and track the project delivery. Also, you will have the opportunity to add more rewards that you may have missed out on! As a small business, PledgeManager is critical to our success. Gamelyn Games and Magic Meeple Games are how we take care of our respective families and being able to offer backers the opportunity of adding an extra game or two to their order is essential. It helps us out a great deal, and our backers get an extra chance to take advantage of the best-possible Kickstarter price. Thank you all again for your continued support and allow us to make this project possible. Furthermore, using PledgeManager means accurate and detailed orders for our manufacturers, cleaner shipping and handling charges (especially for international backers), and knowing that the address we’re shipping your rewards to is current and up-to-date. We want all of our backers to get their rewards on the first try. When does the PledgeManager launch? Friday, October 9, 2015 When will the Add-On section close? Our Add-Ons section of the PledgeManager (where our backers can add additional copies of Darkrock Ventures to their pledge at the original Kickstarter price) will remain open for approximately one month. We will send out a last-call before it is closed so we can place the order with the manufacturer. HELP: What if I don't see the email yet? 1. Check your spam folder. If you use Gmail, sometimes your invite will go to your "Promotions" tab. 2. If you still can't find it, search your inbox for "PledgeManager" If that doesn't work: 1. Click - <url>"Request New Invite" 3. Enter your email address (the one you pledged with) 4. Wait at least 10 minutes - then go to your email, open the invite, and click the giant button to confirm all your goodies And if that doesn't work, check the FAQ page @ <url>" Board : We are still operating under the projection that it is possible to include this upgrade. The moment that anything occurs that may challenge that, we will let everyone know. Thank you very much, everyone, for taking the time to read this. We will be on standby if there are any difficulties. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! It is good to be writing to all of you again! Thank you to everyone who came to see us at PAX Prime, we had a great turnout for our panel and we all had a lot of fun meeting everyone afterward. I wanted to take some time out to update everyone on the current status of Darkrock Ventures and share some various tidbits of good news. Status Report Our current action-items for Darkrock Ventures include finalizing the rulebook, and getting the last graphic design touchups done. We have gotten an updated quote from our manufacturer about the upgraded board size and the difference in product cost was minimal, the only question that remains is "Will it ship without putting us into a higher weight class?" and once we have that information, we will be able to announce the inclusion of a 14"x14" board by default! And, if it does , put us into a more expensive shipping bracket, we have a plan B. Stay tuned for that-- but the outlook appears very good and we are optimistic that it will work out as we all are hoping. Final answers yet to come. :) Next, we will post the rulebook for all of our backers to preview, this also gives us a chance to make any last-minute corrections that are found before it goes off to print. Currently, we have almost all of the named content from our backers, I am just waiting on a couple more responses. But there is something we'd like everyone to see: More as it develops! Darkrock Ventures Pre-Orders Available Now! We have had some technology challenges getting this set up and working, but I think everything if finally sorted out and now we are able to take Pre-Orders for Darkrock Ventures directly through our website! If you know someone who missed out on the campaign, please let them know! There is also a small discount off the MSRP for pre-orders so there is still a benefit! The pre-order page can be found on our website: <url>"Yes. This." and took a chance. You are all awesome people and the best backer community we could have ever hoped for. 963 people have invested in an independent, family-owned, small business, trying to follow their dream to give back to the world some of the fun, imagination, and wonder of the game experiences that helped to positively shape who we are. This is life-changing for us and Darkrock Ventures is going to be a SMASH. You did it! We did it! You also snuck in one more card! Apparently there were some 50-ish ninja masters who liked our Facebook page just in time to get another Corporate Sponsor card in the pack! No complaints about that! That was an awesome surprise to find. Well done, and thank you! We did $7,430 on our last day! Amazing!! You guys and gals launched us from below 50k at the start of our last day to an astounding $56,624 trying to reach our last two stretch goals. It was a 13.12% increase in one day. This was an absolutely valiant effort and I want to congratulate and reward everyone for that final push. We had two stretch goals left at the end of our campaign. Spot UV on the box at $60,000 and a size enhancement to our board (up to 14x14" from 12x12") at $57,500. The board will have Spot UV coating on certain spots and will look amazing . The box's Spot UV goal on the other hand, was too far out of reach and it will not be included unfortunately. HOWEVER... Let's talk about the size of the board. When we asked for honest feedback, you gave it to us. When we came to you all to say we would try to find a way through all of the missing information that we couldn't get in time expecting negative response, you encouraged us. When the chips were down and we were almost afraid to offer it because of the unknown potential risk and had to give it a very high target, you fought hard . You got us 88% of the way toward our most expensive stretch goal (in terms of spacing between it and the previous goal) in one day. You deserve that board. I was cautioned very strongly by multiple individuals about not including stretch goals which were just out of reach at the end of a campaign because to some people it can arguably damage an organization's credibility and set a psychological precedent that the stretch goals they set aren't being given meaningful monetary goals and the publisher can and should just give away whatever they were close to at the end just because. That wasn't how we wanted to do things. We built our campaign around actual expenses and what we could do to make this and all future projects happen responsibly. If we knew, without question, that we needed exactly $X or more to achieve an add-on and we did not make it, that would be a different situation entirely; but this was a matter of the best estimate we could cobble together with limited time and even more limited information. This isn't really the same kind of situation in my opinion. For crying out loud, look at the comments. How many of you came straight out to say "I will pay an extra $X to make this happen." moments after the campaign ended without a second thought? Instead of receiving harsh criticism for not anticipating this beforehand, our community cheered us on . That is the kind of support that moves us. That is the kind of support that deserves to be rewarded. To make matters better, earlier today our co-publishing partner Gamelyn Games released the post-campaign PledgeManager survey for the Tiny Epic Kingdoms: Heroes Call campaign (an awesome game, by the way, every one of you should check it out if you haven't!) and they have included Darkrock Ventures in their PledgeManager menu at full retail price. Sales through that PledgeManager have already begun to offset the difference of what little we were missing from this campaign, which puts us in a better position than we thought. So... Here's what we want to do: Honesty is the best policy. Fact #1: If we knew what the demand was going to be for a larger board earlier on, we would have included it in the original quote and we would have known more about the impact it would have on the package's weight; meaning we would have had a more precise stretch-goal figure that did not need to include any padding to accommodate unknown financial risks. In that situation we would have, in good conscience, been able to set a solid goal and stick to it, success or no. Fact #2: If we knew, for a fact, that it would not have an adverse effect on our shipping costs when we were asked to include it, we also would most likely have been able to include it at a smaller funding target, which was likely to have been $55,000. (I even had a graphic made up before our final decision was made.) If that had been the case, you folks would have done it, no problem, and we wouldn't be talking about it now! Fact #3 : I also have to consider that if we had it at a lower goal we might not have earned as much as we did in pledges because of how fiercely everyone fought toward the end to reach that goal. I cannot deny our immense respect for that effort. Fact #4: There is no legitimate reason for us not to at least find out at this point if there is any way to include it with the funds we did raise and try our best to make it work. As we put together the final-final quote for Darkrock Ventures, we will ask for the production samples to be produced on the plan of a 14"x14" quad-fold board standard inclusion. We will go through the entire process with this target and find out what the final package will actually weigh. We expect the difference to be less than 100 grams, and estimate that we should have a little more than double that before we enter the danger zone of crossing into a more expensive shipping bracket due to the actual weight of the packing material and other such details that publishers have to worry about. :) Bottom line: Unless a very expensive, very real reason surfaces which would prevent us from doing so with the amount of pledges accumulated (which we would notify you about, in advance, with full disclosure and a brainstorming session to find an alternative) we will include the 14"x14" board to express our appreciation for all of your effort and your loyalty! Is it the correct thing to do? We will find out. But it is definitely the right thing to do. If I discovered that we could have included it for a fraction of the cost increase I expected after having told 963 loyal fans "No," I probably wouldn't forgive me either. I hope this comes as good news to all of you, please let me know your thoughts and feelings about this matter in the comments. Thank you for your trust and belief in us, we want to build a long-term community of happy Magic Meeple Mages who love games as much as we do. We hope we have taken steps in the correct direction on that path, thank you all for your feedback! What comes next? Over the next few weeks we will be working on finalizing graphics, component designs, packaging design, product barcodes, quotes for production/shipping, triple-checking the balance of everything we're including, and more. I will keep everyone informed of the process every time we make meaningful forward progress worthy of report. In addition to that, we will increase focus onto our next upcoming project which we want to plan to launch only after Darkrock Ventures has fulfilled or is so provably close to fulfillment that we won't be violating anyone's trust by launching a new project before there is any hard evidence of the last one actually being made--you all deserve better than that. But there is going to be a balancing act there also, because we have invoices to pay too and the fulfillment process could take as long as April of next year. We'd like to shoot for an earlier launch than that, but we will see what can be done. Please expect to see surveys about this matter as the time gets closer. If the majority finds our pace and schedule questionable before Darkrock Ventures is in-hand, then we will reassess our plans, that is our promise to all of you. No fly-by-nite shenanigans here. We owe it to you all to demonstrate that we can deliver on our obligations before we ask for your generosity again. What new project, you ask? We're still in preliminary refinement stages with it, but we would like to share that the game we have currently slated for our next release is from Scott Almes and is a solo/co-operative game that will fit in your pocket. Let the speculation begin! Thank you again! We are in need or catching up on some much-needed rest, then we will get to work making this great game a real thing on all of your tables. Special thanks to our most active Commenters, especially those who went above and beyond to spread the word and/or answer questions for other backers while we were working on other things! Teel, Barry, Arakin, Chuck, Jan, and many more. Also those who tweeted and shared frequently on social media! And our reviewers! And our playtesters! I want to write an extra special thank you to backer and oldest friend of mine, Adam Powell whose incredible pledge early on in our campaign was absolutely critical to our success. He and his wife had their first baby a few days ago, and she will share her name (as least in part) with Darkrock Ventures' Asteroid. Thank you, Adam. Until the next update, stay awesome everyone. You'll hear from us soon. Sincerely, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Phoenix, Arizona is a dangerous place sometimes Much apologies for the late update, we are having a really crazy dust storm right now and my power has been going out in the middle of writing this update! Spot UV! And less than $5000 to go for a bigger board! This is what the game looks like now thanks to ALL OF YOU: And a board enlargement is still within reach: This is the home stretch! In-between power outages, I'm blasting every channel I can think of today! I hope to see all of you with me doing the same! #DRVbacker #BestBackers Love from the Fans! Magic Meeple fan Arakin made a poignant observation, that our social media banners are cut off by social media sites that round-off square images for their avatars, so he made us a new one from assets on the KS page! Clever and resourceful! Thank you very much Arakin, this is pretty awesome! Final moments celebration TONIGHT! LIVE! Do you want to watch a few games of Darkrock Ventures being played live online? Maybe even join in? Tune in later today, we are going to start around 2 hours before the campaign ends, here is the link: <url>"weight budget" that accounts for all of the unlockables and additions that we planned to add to the game, this falls outside of that budget just a little bit. We are reasonably sure we would be OK and under the weight limit, but not 100% sure, which is impossible without more time to get a real apples-for-apples measurement of weight. So right here at this moment in time, the only way to manage that risk is with the fund-level of that given Stretch Goal. ...which we are now prepared to announce: We were tempted to add this goal at $60,000 because that total would make us completely confident that this small gamble won't turn out badly for our shipping costs, but just this alone I felt wasn't enough. So we want to add another bonus: if we can reach $60,000 or more in pledges, we will increase the order for the Spot UV to cover parts of the box as well! (Luckily for us, this has no impact on weight!) THANK YOU ALL for making this possible! A Call to Arms! We've figured out how we can do it responsibly, now we need your help to bring in the backers to make it happen! Let's make this 14"x14" board standard for Darkrock Ventures and set a NEW standard for tabletop game quality!! We've officially started our final 24 hours as of about ten minutes ago. There are your last moments to send out a few Tweets, Facebook messages, G+ posts, Instagram photos, Text-Messages, or Carrier Pigeons! Thank you all again for your overwhelming support!! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Good morning! Welcome all backers new and not-new to what is becoming quite the campaign! We've had a huge spike in backers which is great for the game! We've got some new goodies for all of you, but let's start with what you have achieved since yesterday: What comes next? We have added a new Stretch Goal to fill in some of the gap between these and our big Spot UV board upgrade. This game could use some more cards, so let's toss some in: and don't forget about this little guy: I'd also like to make everyone aware that we are currently only 10 more Facebook Page likes away from Achieving yet another Corporate Sponsor card! So how about that board size upgrade? We started barking up the tree for Spot UV quite some time ago, so we are better prepared to analyze its affect on cost at this exact moment in time. However, for an even bigger board we did not anticipate this kind of response so we are trying to get a response and quote update from our manufacturer so we can take that information to our distributor to make sure we don't get into trouble with package size and weight by adding another two inches to each dimension on the board. As soon as we learn more, we will share that information with our backers and see what we can do with it since the response has been so great. We are not afraid to add it in after the campaign ends if we don't hear back in time...That is, if all signs point to it being an inexpensive and responsible upgrade of course. I would not want to jeopardize the project at large, you all deserve better than that. So we will keep sharing the information we have and hopefully we will have a better idea of what our options will be by the end of today! :) Thank you for sticking with us and for your honesty and respect in your feedback! You ladies and gentlemen are outstanding! Did you miss our live cast of Co-Op mode last night? That's OK! It was recorded and can be watched on YouTube at your leisure! <url>"Normal" difficulty and it came down to the wire! We barely pulled through! We would love to hear what you all think of this new play mode, everyone so far has enjoyed it! Backing the Backers! We have some time, and we have some options we quoted out and do know the impact of, so I'd like to ask our wonderful backers again for their opinion on something... Depending on whether or not we can get the 14x14 board sorted out in time, how do you folks feel about interior box printing with an illustrated dice tray in the box lid? Let us know in the comments and social media, #DRVbacker! Until this afternoon, probably! You're all melting the next stretch goal already so I better wrap this up before I need to rewrite it again! You all are AMAZING and we're so thankful to have you all with us. Tell everyone you know and let's make this a big finish!! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Gratuitous Stretch Goal Destruction! I've been constantly amazed by you all and what we have accomplished! All of you who have been championing this project have much to show for it! THANK YOU! Welcome to all of our new backers who have jumped in to help us along this amazing journey! Now we get Custom Captain meeples!! I was going to write about how close we were to the next goal...and then you guys broke that one too before I could finish writing this update! BRAVO! Way to keep us on our toes! Backing the Backers! Thank you all for your feedback about the player aids. We will find a good meet-in-the-middle solution for these before the final order is placed. We really appreciate everyone's opinion! No matter what we ultimately do for the final product, we will furnish a printable file with full final art for free on the BGG page for those that want one for every player if that is something we cannot include in the box (there are some weight concerns we haven't fully analyzed yet). In other Backer's Poll news: We've been getting a LOT of feedback that something even bigger than a 12"x12" board (unfolded size) is desirable. We are prepared to offer a stretch goal to make it 14"x14" and we want to know what you think! A little backstory: All of the boards you see in the preview videos are 10"x10". That was the only size I was able to get print-on-demand that wasn't excessively too large, and that 10"x10" board was slightly cramped but still completely usable. If you have met us in person to play the game, we are using the same 10"x10" sample boards which look a lot better than the 12"x12" boards I printed myself at home for development and taped together. :) Anyhow, we knew that a 12"x12" design would be much better and make for a sweet spot in terms of comfort space and overall footprint of the game. 14"x14" would be super spacious by comparison, but it would lose a little bit of its small-table identity...which is OK if that is what the community wants out of Darkrock Ventures! Now that everyone knows that story, if our backers want us to go bigger, we will figure out the cost difference and produce a stretch goal accordingly! Please let us know in the comments and of course by using #DRVbacker! We will make a decision by the end of the day and post a new Stretch Goal if applicable. Thanks for being in this with us TOGETHER! Psst. Remember that Solo/Co-op mode you all unlocked? Wanna see it? We're going to be having another "Game Dev Live" show tonight courtesy of the talented Andrew C. Enriquez on TableTop Simulator. Want to see the crazy cool new Co-Op mode? TUNE IN on Youtube tonight! (Link currently shows a countdown to when the stream will begin) <url>"remind me" button is going to get notified and they are going to come back and see everything we have accomplished. Darkrock Ventures does not look like a $39 game anymore, now it looks like it should cost much, much more and you all have made that possible! Thank you all for believing in us and standing together to show everyone what a great backer community can do. Cheers, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Behold our field of stretch goals, for many of them are BROKEN! Welcome to all of our backers new and not-new! Thank you for being a part of this experience and helping us shape the destiny of this outstanding game! Look at all this stuff you accomplished since yesterday: And we are amazingly close to unlocking our next goal: Upgraded Captain meeples! So what is next? Since this campaign has turned into a BOSS-RUSH SPEEDRUN; We've pulled out FOUR new strech goals a posted them for you all! You guys have made me feel like a game show host unveiling all of the awesome prizes! And I mean that in the best possible way (okay it was kind of a childhood dream of mine to host a game show. TMI, I know.) I want to welcome our new backers from overseas, we saw a bunch of folks from France hop in last night, thank you for joining us! Backing the Backers: Quick survey time! And now for another episode of Backer's Choice! We have a question for you all about the reference sheet in the game that offers a quick cheat-sheet reference of what all the spots on the board do. We have found that players do not need them after about their second game. We already plan to include a quick-reference sheet explaining all of the spots on the board on the back of the rules booklet, but we need to know: is that enough? What say you, our loyal backers? How do you feel about additional Quick-Reference cards in the package? A) A reference on the back of the rulebook is all we need! No need to add more components and weight for something most players will use only once or twice B) For most people, a quick-reference on the back of the book is enough, but I think one or two reference cards (approximately the same size, shape and thickness as the player boards) will be a very helpful addition for new players and those that require it. C) Every player needs a quick-reference card. There should be one for each player, regardless of the extra cost and weight. Please comment or tweet using the hashtag #DRVbacker so we know what to offer next! THANK YOU I can't say it enough, Thanks to every one of you from the bottom of our hearts for making this dream possible! I don't want to jinx it, but I think we are slated to reach an amazing total by the end of this campaign, please keep sharing this campaign with your friends and let them know about the new features that have been added! We're just a little over 3 days left to go! WE CAN DO IT! All the best, Ian S. Stedman Magic Meeple Games Solo and Co-Operative modes are now included in every copy of Darkrock Ventures and all of the cards will be premium quality! Good morning and welcome to our new backers! I am AMAZED how quickly those two stretch goals fell down, but we'll keep making new ones all day everyday until the end if we need to! Check out what YOU guys and gals have accomplished: Darkrock ventures will now be labeled for 1-5 Players and the components for solo and cooperative play have become a standard inclusion. Bravo, everyone! Thank you for your awesome support! The results are in! Thank you everyone who responded to the informal survey included in the last update. The responses we received were overwhelmingly in favor of additional cards, but some folks want special Meeples as well. So...why not both? Check out our three new stretch goals! (which I am sure you folks will annihilate before I can finish my coffee!) :) Thank you all again for the great feedback and response! We are elated to hear that we are doing things right by you all, please keep the input coming! If there is something you believe we can do better, we want to know. You are our biggest champions and advocates and are a part of this game's creation--we appreciate you all! So what comes next? We are almost at our next achievement for Twitter followers, which will add another Corporate Sponsor card to the game! Our future stretch goals depend on the pace of the campaign over the next couple of days. If we manage to burn through these very quickly, we will definitely add in more card unlocks, but we are also considering some other neat things that might have been prohibitively expensive before. If the pace is appropriate and it turns out to be financially responsible, we have some awesome upgrades we could add. If you all liked the mini-survey I added in the last update, let us know! If that is a good method to plan our goals with our backers, we can keep doing that! :) Keep sharing and tweeting! DRV Backer Curtis has shared in the comments that there is a discussion about Darkrock Ventures on /r/boardgames on Reddit, if you are a Reddit user he has invited you to join him in the discussion! <url>#BestBackers As a way of saying thanks to the best backers on Kickstarter, here is a copy of the Captain's Badges we have been wearing to conventions! If you plan to play a game of the Darkrock Ventures Preview PnP this weekend (or just for fun), feel free to make one for yourself and display it proudly! Until next time! Thanks again for all the wonderful support and feedback! We'll be in touch soon, let's make these new goals vaporize! 4 Days to go! All the best, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Good morning and welcome to all of our new backers! I have some good news for everyone: Stretch goal DISINTEGRATED! Whats next? Solo/Co-Op mode! Designer's Corner: a word from Michael Eskue Progression of player counts: When starting this design, the game consisted of a single card, three dice, and three tokens. The idea was to make the game as small as possible, but the player count was theoretically infinite because each player took turns independently. Players took equal turns trying to score points, but there was no direct interaction or competition for available spaces. As the game developed though, testers wanted more player interaction and possible conflict. This led to interesting decisions because you would need to guess what spots other players may go for and plan your placement accordingly. For example, if you knew no other players had resources to export, it is usually safe to assign your Crew to other spots first and then use the last one to export (that is unless someone likes to “hate draft”... ahem ACE :) ...but sometimes that's what makes for a memorable and fun game night). Eventually, the game leveled out at the standard two to four players and worked pretty well. We wanted to see if we could cram in a fifth player, and some felt the board was a little too crowded. Players may place multiple Crew on a single spot, but sometimes you don't really want to double up or there may not even be that many resources available. This was especially a concern near the end of the game so spots like Subcontract and Release Crew were added. Rig Reboot was also added later in the design to give players more options for mitigating the dice rolls. After much testing, we felt pretty good about the two to five player count. Having more players in the game gave a slightly different feel, but there was still competition over the most useful spaces each turn with even just two players. Some of the initial previewers mentioned that they would have expected some kind of scaling with different player counts. We took this idea back to the design workshop and came up with a variant that makes a two player game feel more like a three player game. I can't reveal too much just yet, but stay tuned for more news on that. Somewhere along the way, Ian's wife (Patricia) had an idea: what if we added a cooperative mode to the game? I had never even considered that before, but the more I thought about it, but more it made perfect sense. In any coop game, you need something to act as the antagonist besides the other players. In Darkrock Ventures, this was sitting right in front of our noses with the Therion Mauraders. In the standard game, they are more of a nuisance and a way to push you luck. However, in the coop game, these aliens aren't messing around and you really need to keep them in check if you want to get out alive. Like most coop games, this can also work as a solitaire game, thus extending the player count to one to five players. The coop/solo game uses most of the standard rules, but does require a few more bits to track damage to the various spots as well as the mission progress. I'm extremely excited about how the coop version turned out and really hope we can meet that stretch goal so you all can enjoy it as well. Thanks again! Backing the Backers We have a couple of different options for our next stretch goal, and we'd like to hear from YOU about what you want to see next and would get the most excited about. Please let us know in the comments or via Twitter or Facebook what you'd like to see for our next stretch goal after what is currently posted, please use the hashtag #DRVbacker so we can find your responses easily :) A) More Corporate Sponsor &amp; Research cards or B) Custom-shaped Meeples for the Captain pieces (with Crew pieces to follow as a separate goal) or C) Custom-shaped Meeples for ALL Crew &amp; Captain pieces (would be a higher goal than B alone) Thank you for your feedback!! 5 Days to go! We're entering the home stretch! We have redoubled our promotional efforts with a new batch of banners on BGG which some of you may have seen. We have also been posting to all Kickstarter game communities on social media that we could find to invite more backers to join us. Now more than ever we need your help! If you know of any online communities where people might like to know about Darkrock Ventures, please take a few minutes today to post or share about this campaign so we can reach our next milestones! Keep sharing and posting on your social media, we're doing great! Thank you ALL for your continued support! -Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Seven days to go... Good morning and welcome to all of our new backers! As we enter the final week of the Darkrock Ventures campaign, I wanted to share some good news. We have accomplished THREE separate goals in the past day! 500 Backers! What an amazing milestone! Thank you ALL for your support, here is what you all have unlocked for Darkrock Ventures: These dice are going to look great!! And $33k+ in Pledges has earned this! Our wooden score-tracking bits will now be cut and shaped. Export your riches in STYLE! But wait, there's more! You have shown us a lot of love on Facebook! This will add yet another Corporate Sponsor card to the game, bringing the current total to 6 with more planned to come! We are only about 50 new Twitter followers away from the next Social Media achievement. As amazing as you all have been so far, that should be easy for all us in this final week so please keep sharing the campaign and encourage others to check it out! Onward and upward! Thank you all for your continued dedication and support! #BestBackers Solo &amp; Co-Op modes are within reach! Let's do this! Have a great Tuesday, and we'll talk to you again very soon we're sure! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games GenCon Adventure! We're back from GenCon! And what a show this year. Thank you to all of you who backed us during the convention, whether it was a result of meeting us and/or the game, or just because this is when you stumbled upon Darkrock Ventures, we appreciate you joining us all! Extra special thanks to all of the already-backers who found us at Gencon to say hello and get a peek at DRV, it was awesome meeting all of you as well! I wish there was more of me and more time at the show to do all the things and see all the people we wanted to. It was an absolutely crazy event! Solo play AND Co-op play?? Yes! You read that right! We have been working on a Solo mode / Co-operative mode to add in to the game as a mini expansion for the past few months. We planned to offer it as a stretch goal from the very beginning, but felt that it would be a great "final-push" stretch goal so we kept it rather quiet and hidden. However, as some reviewers and backers have pointed out, the Kickstarter community needs to know about this inclusion now. Solo and co-operative modes in board games are very popular right now and we had been losing interest due to the public not knowing our intentions about these add-ons... So, we are proud to announce the next Stretch goal: The Mini Expansion #2 Stretch Goal will include the rules and components for Solo Mode, and Co-operative mode, giving players even MORE ways to enjoy Darkrock Ventures, and extending its replayability by another order of magnitude. These modes will focus on the use of Destruction tokens knocking out specific sites on the board unless/until they are repaired...but don't let too many sites become damaged or you'll be overwhelmed and defeated! The Therion Marauders will be much more aggressive in these modes as well; the decisions you make will be absolutely critical for success (and, of course, it will scale for difficulty as well.) Please share this news so all of the on-the-fencers know that if they back RIGHT NOW, we'll get the Solo/Co-op modes everyone has been waiting for! Backing the Backers I want to take a moment to thank all of the people who have come forward with earnest feedback about our project and what they wanted to see Darkrock Ventures become. Without you, we would not have known how passionate you were about seeing this stretch goal early and I want you to know that we're listening and we care! You are our best champions and advocates and it is our goal and honor to bring you the best product we can, your voices tell us how we can do that. We've been citizens of the internet for a very long time now and we know that this is a place where trust is in short supply and sometimes people can turn on you in a second. I am honored and humbled to report that we have not received one single email, direct message, tweet, etc. that has been outwardly negative, rude, or even impolite about Darkrock Ventures or this campaign. All of the feedback we have gotten has been reasonable, kind, and open-minded. No demands, but suggestions. No anger, but questions. You all truly are the best backers in the world in our opinion and we hope you appreciate our efforts as much as we appreciate you all! More Good News! Some of you may have noticed some other changes in the Stretch Goals as well! After meeting with out manufacturer at GenCon we have discovered that the improvement on the dice will not represent as much of a shift in cost as we previously thought, so we have untied it from a monetary level and have decided to give it to our backers once we reach 500 pledges (as of this writing, that's only 10 to go!) so please enjoy! We have also added some more Social Media achievements. Everyone has been so amazing in following us and encouraging others to do so that we wanted to add in another level to increase the average amount of rewards per like/follow as our way of saying thanks! With more unlocks may come more momentum and that is great for us all! Please reinvigorate your sharing efforts as we enter our final week and let everyone know about these new improvements to the Darkrock Ventures campaign! We need your help! And now a word from the Designer, Michael Eskue! All the thanks! At the risk of sounding like an acceptance speech from an awards show, I want to take a moment to appreciate all those who helped make Darkrock Ventures possible. Starting with a recent development, HUGE thanks to Adam Powell for pledging a mind-blowing amount and funding the project in one fell swoop (along with the stretch goals at the time). The extreme generosity of strangers is an interesting thing. Of course, the contribution itself is beyond amazing, but there are ripple effects that span so far beyond what any one person will ever know. Thanks again, Adam, not just for your pledge, but for your inspiration. Thanks to Michael Coe for taking on this project and Nathan Hafield for helping behind the scenes. Thanks to Ian and Patricia Stedman for the honor of making this the first game from Magic Meeple. It's so awesome to see others get excited about game designs and even cooler when they step up and base their publishing company on one of those ideas. As always, thanks to my wonderful wife, Lisa, for endless playtesting and helping me to develop the game into what it is today. Without her listening to my endless ramblings about the game and her continued encouragement, the game would not exist. Huge thanks to Andrew Christopher Enriquez for helping to develop the game and spending an insane amount of time helping me test it out and gathering up a bunch of others to help test it out as well. Andrew also created a Vassal module (digital version of the game) and later a Tabletop Simulator module that made testing super easy. Thanks to each and every playtester for giving input along the way: Gideon, Beverly, and Rick Eskue, JR Honeycutt, Luc Lim, Thomas Rogers, Mark Means, Patrick “GIANT” Quinn, Hank and Kai Panethiere, Andrew Deignan, Jody Kincaid, Greg Silva, Austin Enriquez, Caleb Donath, Sen-Foong Lim, Jay Cormier, Daryl Andrews, Ben, Emma, Noah, and Grace Vaterlaus, Aubrey House, and so many others who helped along the way. Thanks to the proofreaders on BGG for editing assistance in earlier versions: Dillon Fields, Gary Sonnenberg, David Brown, and Zinphad. Last, but certainly not least, thank YOU for backing the project and making dreams possible. There are so many who have been involved in the campaign and even a simple comment makes more of a difference than you may realize. To name a few: Teel McClanahan III, Chuck Reed, Richard Mulholland, Marty McFly (if that's your real name...) and Rainer Åhlfors – I've not met any of you yet, but some day I hope to have the honor of sitting across from you at a game table. - Michael Eskue Designer; Darkrock Ventures Until next time! The final week of the campaign is right around the corner. Let's make this thing explode! Cheers! -Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Stretch Goal #4 Complete! Great news, everyone! Every copy of Darkrock Ventures will now include shaped pieces for the Neutronium and Solar Energy resources! Thank you to all of our backers who have made this possible! We have posted new stretch goals on the page, and in celebration of GenCon we've posted THREE at once, here they are: We have had some great feedback about the wooden bits, so we want to make sure all of them are as deluxe as we can make them. We have also gotten strong requests for improved dice, so we aim to deliver on that! Upcoming stretch goals include a frequently-requested improvement to Darkrock Ventures' Meeples, and something about an alternate play mode is in store as well so stay tuned and thank you all again! Hello Indianapolis! We are here at GenCon! There is tons to see and do here and we will be all over the place at meetups and such, so if you want to play Darkrock Ventures, keep an eye on our twitter page @MagicMeeple to find our whereabouts. If you see one of us wearing our Captain's badge, ask when/where the next demo will be and we'll hook you up! Lots of meetings and appointments today but we will definitely be at the DFW Nerd Nighters party tonight at 7pm tonight in Indy, if you are around, come say hello! Thank you! Thanks again to all of you, our awesome and amazing backers. The pace is picking up, so I'm sure we'll be updating again very soon! Please keep sharing! Sincerely, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games #BestBackers Every time I turn around you all amaze me. Thanks to one of our many outstanding backers upgrading their pledge, we have unlocked another Stretch Goal! Now, every copy of Darkrock Ventures will include the Research Deck Mini-Expansion! This is an optional-use addon that can be used to increase your options and meaningful decision-making dramatically. Three Research Cards will be dealt face-up onto the table with the remaining cards in a face-down pile. You don't even need to worry about the board, the assignment location for your Crew will be right on the back of the cards. Resolving a Crewmember on the Research card will allow you to take one of the three face-up cards and replace it with a new one from the deck, granting you its ability until you replace the card with a new one. This Mini-Expansion starts with 10 cards included, but we have plans to add more in! But for now, our next stretch goal wants to make more of the bits a little bit cooler: Shaped wooden bits for Neutronium and Solar Energy to match the icons on the board is our next goal! We were considering waiting a little longer on this one, but we couldn't wait any longer. These are going to look and feel amazing while you play Darkrock Ventures! The following stretch goal will involve improving more of the wooden bits...and then we have something planned for the dice coming soon after that. Stay tuned for more on those! :) GenCon Bound! We're getting ready for GenCon in a few days, and we hope to see as many of you as possible while we're there! If you want to know where we are or when you'll have opportunities to check out a Darkrock Ventures live demo, please keep an eye on our Twitter: @MagicMeeple we will post frequently about our activities and current status/location. We will not have a booth, so open gaming will definitely be our go-to. We will also be at the DFW Nerd Nighters party for a few hours on Thursday night, it's a charity event which is also free to attend! Thank you! I feel I say it too infrequently still: Thank you all for your support in this project! Thank you for sharing our links and spreading the news, it is working! Please don't stop now! We've got another 15 days to go, let's aim for the stars! Sincerely, Ian S. MagicMeepleGames Sorry for the delay! I had something prepared for this, but it happened so quickly and suddenly, and while I was out visiting the great guys with the Cards and Chit podcast (look for the link coming soon to the page) that I have been working feverishly to get an update out to you as soon as I got home! And now the great news... An angel among us! Ladies and Gentlemen, I am delighted to report that we are now over 100% funded and past our first TWO stretch goals! A gentleman whom I have closely known for more than twenty years has come forward, an angel-investor if you will, and has pledged for the special "Name the Asteroid" pledge level, along with an EXTRA $9,000 to ensure we would break our funding goal today. I am completely honored and humbled by this demonstration of support. I also understand this situation is very atypical and some of you have been confused by this. I have been assured this pledge is legitimate, I have verified the pledge with the backer and he is happy to help us all get the best game possible out of Darkrock Ventures. THANK YOU, ADAM! New Stretch Goals So now that our first two stretch goals have been completely annihilated, I would like to introduce our third...and it's a big one... Our first Mini-Expansion enters the sector! The Research Deck! The Research Deck will feature a special cardback with an assignment location right on the back, which will allow you to choose one of three face-up Research cards in the supply. Each player can have only one Research card at a time, and each offers a special effect or ability to help you extract the most wealth from the Darkrock! This is an optional feature of the game, which can be used or omitted completely seamlessly depending on how much time you have to play, how many players, and how familiar each player is with the game. This initial goal will unlock the first TEN Research cards, with more to be added later! I have more stretch goals to post over the next day or two as well, I just wanted to make sure at least one active goal was visible while I get everything set up for the next How to help! This campaign has been reinvigorated and we want everyone to know! Anyone holding out until after the campaign funds has now just lost their last excuse not to get in on this great game! Please share the news that we have FUNDED and let's see these stretch goals fall! Germany Backers! If you or someone you know resides in Germany or the surrounding area and would like to reduce the cost of shipping by sharing a multi-pack of Darkrock Ventures, a very enthusiastic backer has put out a call to arms on boardgamegeek to find more backers in the area to share the discount with! Check out this thread to find out more: <url>"Table For Two" show! <url>"Euro-game" label and questions about the game's learning curve. Once most individuals with questions like this see and try the game, they tend to light up and exclaim "That was a lot less complicated than I expected!" And it is! The most daunting part of learning the rules of Darkrock Ventures is most certainly the different functions of each assignment spot on the board. Once the reference sheet is provided, the clouds tend to part and the phases of each turn become the focus and mastery is attained typically after a single game. Similarly, we've been asked why the package isn't labeled for a younger age group if this is the case, and the answer to that question is regulation. To sell a game or toy product marketed for kids 13 and under, a great deal of additional regulatory procedure is required to ensure the product is safe for children, and that procedure and approval process is prohibitively expensive for many independent publishers. This is not to say that anyone 13 and under wouldn't enjoy the game or could not grasp it at all--in fact we had several youngsters play at the various conventions at which we have toured DRV and they caught on straight away and loved it. (I also want to stress that this is not because we are using products that are unsafe. Our manufacturer has a very strong reputation in this industry and Magic Meeple Games will never, ever knowingly distribute a product that contains harmful components or materials, but small bits are still a choking hazard and that is part of the reason as well.) So; I'd like to ask for ideas! If you have any thoughts on how to help us convey the high accessibility of this game, despite that "Euro-game" can automatically mean "Super complicated" or "Hard to understand" to some people, we want to show that isn't true! and, yes, this game really does only take 30-45 minutes to play and it doesn't require a degree in aerospace engineering either :-) We are excited to hear your thoughts, and thanks in advance! Something Cool to Check out! Not long ago, another active project was shared with us with the interrogative "Hey! Did you know that there is another campaign right now making the PERFECT dice for Darkrock Ventures??" To which I responded with something like "Bwuuuuuuuh?? Tell me more!" The project is called Space Roller; the dice they are making are gorgeous and the colors are perfect for the Shared/Neutronium dice. We ordered a set for our game! We hope they unlock all of our player colors via their stretch goals so we can get a complete set! Final Thought for the Day Thank you all again for your continued support, the sharing on social media. the cross-promotion ideas, they are coming from YOU, the community, and we think that is awesome. So, thanks for being awesome! If you have any more ideas to help us out or get the word out, please let us know in a message, a tweet, or the comments, we read them all! All the best, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games @mesmerised If it possible that we just didn't have an address for you on file. Please send me a PM with your full name, mailing address, and email you used to back and I will dispatch a replacement for you. :) @Jeremy Sorry about that! We can get another one to you, no problem. Send me a direct message with the preferred mailing address for delivery and I will have it sent as soon as we get back from OrcCon this weekend :) @賴大鐵 I will send you a direct message on Kickstarter to get you more info :) Hi Larry, Wrote back again with your confirmation number :) Thanks! @Larry I got your email this morning and you should have a response waiting in your inbox. :) @Alice Thank you for your support. For anyone who is curious about the exchange with this particular customer, the context of a cancelled pledge requires that it is un-deliverable due to a lack of address or other critical information and includes a refund. This was disclosed, and I submitted the order to ShipNaked by hand before EoB last week. @Dave Just sent you a direct message :) @Steve I wrote to you several hours ago asking for your address. You still have not provided it. @Steve / DO NOT A response is in your Kickstarter inbox. I can see that our response was still provided within one business day. All of your concerns have been addressed there. You will get your order as soon as I have the information I require to error check ShipNaked's records. Thank you. ShipNaked messes up your order and you change your username to "DO NOT BUY FROM Magic Meeple Games"? Whatever it is that I have done to personally offend you, this is not the venue for it. I will and have consistently addressed all of the problems we have encountered with ShipNaked, and your case is no different. You will get what you paid for. Please do not bring this abusive behavior to our campaigns in the future, it is completely unnecessary. @David @Russell If you haven't already, please send me a direct message about your missing orders. It is the best way to make sure I am getting all the requests logged properly. The comments are not a good place to ensure all the information is in-hand. :) That last comment was in fact me, system was still logged into Trish's acct. >_< @James I think you just won the award for most awesome playthrough report so far! Thank you for sharing! @Aureliano Glad to hear it arrived safe and sound. Thank you for the feedback about the insert, in the future we might try a different solution for that. @Jonathan H Apologies for that packaging error. We will make note of it and address the rate of failure we are experiencing with our manufacturer. Please let me know if you need any assistance with getting a replacement, ShipNaked.com/replacements has the Meeples :) @James I do not have access to any information regarding who specifically Happyshops is shipping with. I recommend reaching out to them directly or seeing if Shipnaked.com/status can answer that, perhaps. @TheDoctor I apologize for the difficulty, I am relieved to hear that you have a tracking number so our job was done, but the postal service can be troublesome sometimes :( @Lots of folks yeah, I think we might make an addendum file for BGG with enlarged images for the player boards. They work, but the pieces turned out larger than expected once everything came out in meatspace and it's one thing I would have liked to change in retrospect. @John Yes, if your aim is to eliminate a particular Research card from the supply, you can in fact discard one you have just collected to reduce your 'hand' to the requisite one Research card limit. @Raymond If you still haven't gotten a response, send me a direct message please @James Hancock Very happy it arrived safe and sound. I can get a replacement die sent to you if you like, please send me a direct message if you haven't already. @Vas Yes, the retail release for orders begins the week of October 10th, 2016. @John Oh no! Thank you for letting me know about that. It is supposed to say that if you have more than 1 Research card in your possession you have to discard down to 1 immediately. @JKP Send me a PM about those dice, please. I have the replacement parts you need! @everyone Lots of similar questions so I am going to answer all of them at once as much as I can with the next update. We know what the supply is for the Expansion Pack #1 at BGG and if they start to run low, I can resupply them or I can make them available directly. I made sure there would be enough for everyone and I'm not going to artificially create a shortage. :) @Greg Yes, the first page of the rulebook shows the contents of the whole game and quantities of each component to expect @Alice & Jan I have made management of ShipNaked aware of this situation and they are working with me to investigate. Alice, if you need a last-minute address change, please let me know in a direct message so we can make sure you get it on the first try. @John Expansion Pack #1 will be offered at the BGGstore. The Mini-Expansion unlocked during the KS campaign is included in every copy of the game. *their retail order, that is, not their pledge. @Austin Smith I can't control what prices are set by these retailers. The only people that have the game right now are those that backed and if they want to sell it below cost, that is their problem. I'm not going to do business with online retailers who want to undercut local game stores. My liaison at Hitpoint sales and I are going to have a chat about this and their order may not be fulfilled. @Matt <url>#1 to BGG after all of the KS rewards are fulfilled. So it shouldn't be very long after the "street date" for the game's release to retail stores. :) Update incoming with info for you, Marc! :) Thanks for the updates on your email situations. I am working to find out what the issues are with the system or if they are just backed up. I will report back as soon as I hear. Everyone will get their game, I will make sure of it :) I appreciate everyone letting me know! Filling out the form at <url>#1 will be priced at $5 USD Yes, there will be! Probably after Phoenix Comicon :) If any of you are going, I will have the Darkrock Ventures pre-production copy to see and play! :D @Greg Not to worry, I will personally ensure every backer who wants one will be able to get one, even if I have to mail it myself. ;) Expansion pack #1 was not part of any locked or unlocked stretch goals and was not intended to be included in the base copy of the game. We have invested some of our own money to have these produced in partnership with BoardGameGeek to offer them as a bonus and get some additional content on offer for everyone until we are at a point where can focus in on all the things we'd like to work into a proper boxed expansion. We could create an addendum to the deluxe print-and-play just for you folks though if that is something that everyone would be interested in having as another recompense for the turbulence. I am, however, having some extra packs made and sent directly to us for giveaways. I would like to celebrate the shipping date by giving a bunch of packs away to our backers (and probably some keys for the Tabletop Simulator DLC too! and prototypes of Fire of Eidolon too! It'll be like the holidays in the summertime.) So look forward for more on that when we get closer! We'll share what we know as soon as we know it! Thanks again everyone for your participation in the Poll in the last update. It looks pretty clear now that the divide is only slightly in favor of doing the DLC launch as soon as possible, which is a far cry from a 75% majority, so unless the scales tip dramatically very quickly, we will certainly be pushing the release of the digital versions back. How far we can push it depends a little bit on them but it won't be before the ship-date (obviously) but that will be the point at which we can no longer do anything regarding shipping or manufacturing for DRV! (then the retail distributors get to make some decisions with us) So we'll be putting finishing touches on those things at that point and probably gearing up for the Fire of Eidolon KickStarter as far as we can push it out to the actual delivery of DRV without bankrupting ourselves by waiting idle for too long. We will do our best to preserve the integrity of our honest intentions when we set out to create this game to the best of our collective ability and ensure everyone gets what they paid for, that is our top priority. :) Due to this possibility that we might have to launch a campaign for FoE before DRV is on some of your shelves, I'm cooking up one more small reward that I think we can have the distributors drop into the box for everyone, still waiting to hear back on our options regarding that, but it's something that I can do to affect positive change because we truly wanted to have this in on all of your tables before even thinking about this. That may sound a little hat-in-hand but it is the truth, circumstances we didn't have full control over made us late and we want to make it right. We also want to make everyone feel like they can be a part of the decisions that get made about our future projects (Because you deserve to! You all invested in us!) so we're looking for the best possible ways to make that work as well. But, nobody panic! Nothing is final yet and there is plenty of time to work things together to the best possible outcome for *everyone*. Darkrock Ventures will be delivered, hopefully there is no doubt left about that. We had a meeting with Gamelyn Games earlier today to talk about logistics for Darkrock Ventures and for Magic Meeple Games going forward, so this is still very much a co-published project and we want everyone to be as confident in our track record are they are in Gamelyn's. This has kind of turned into a mini-update at this point, hasn't it? (I'll post a comment on the update too to make sure everyone knows!) Welp, more news: We might be at Gamex in LA here in a couple of weeks! Working on that right now, in fact! Also: thank you to everyone who said or sent congratulations for the Eskue family's new addition! Here's to growing up a gamer! Cheers everyone and thank you all so very much for your support! - Ian Thanks! :) @james The cards and tracker boards will all still have the linen finish of course :) but the board will be better for it! @Greg That's the plan. I expect to hear from manufacturing next week regarding when the run will be complete and then on a boat. Will share as soon as we know! :) Yes! An update is pending. We have done our analysis of the proof and we are only waiting until after our phonecall with the manufacturing liaison to go over notes and some color corrections. The call will happen tomorrow so I expect to be attaching a lot of photos to a new update tomorrow evening :) @Greg Thank you! We understand it sucks hearing that we are just going from wait to wait but this is the home stretch and we will deliver! Darkrock Ventures has and always will be our #1 priority until it is in your hands. When we get the manufacturer's proof we will expedite the approval process to make sure we can go to full and final production as quickly as possible, but we'll need to be 100% certain that there are no errors on the product first because that could be a catastrophe and it would be a disservice to you all. We humbly thank you all once again and continue to appreciate everyone's support and patience! @Greg We've got one cooking right now! Expect an update very soon :) @Marc It could, we are unsure yet. Since we got other components manufactured ahead of time we might be able to offset some of that delay that would have otherwise compounded it. Lunar New Year and all. @Vas Soon, we hope! We're getting ready to push the button on printing and once that's done everything will be on its way :) Thanks Greg! We're thrilled to be working on something new for all you fine gentlemen and ladies. :) @Paul Thank you!! @Backers The download link for part 2 of the PNP is in the latest update (and the permissions have been fixed) :) Enjoy! Good Afternoon All Mrs. Magic Meeple here. @Gianluca Casu The PnP is ready, we are just waiting for the rules to be completed. They are at the graphics designers now. Should be end of January. We hope you all have had a safe and happy new year!! :) We are very excited with the progress of the bits and dice from our manufacturer and will continue updating you with news as we have it! Have a wonderful day!! @Greg Definitely! When I have more to report. Currently, the wooden bits and dice have been greenlit and are in mass production now. The printed components are almost ready, just awaiting the finishing touches on the box and rulebook and then we're ready to go. :) @Joseph @Vas Please check your direct messages :) I do have some news to share about the board size! I am actually writing an update right now and that will be one of the points of discussion :D Earlier this year we decided to do something both terrifying and life-changing, start a company and walk away from the lives we knew before to take a risk and follow our passion for games to the next level. We weren’t sure if it would work. We weren’t sure if we would succeed. We weren’t sure if we would be accepted. We were confident in what we were doing and the projects we had planned, but you just never *know for sure*. We cannot place a value on the support of our families, friends, and fans over this past year to help us realize Magic Meeple Games and begin a new journey. To all those who gave us a chance, spoke up to cheer us on, back our projects, offer advice, give encouragement, and to everyone reading this right now: THANK YOU. We are thankful for all of you on this Thanksgiving and we wish the best for all of you this season and always. Sincerely, Ian & Trish Magic Meeple Games @Mark I have re-sent your invitation :) Thanks! @Joseph Your invite has been re-sent! Thank you! :) @DeQuan Happy to hear that! Please let me know if you have any trouble, we're happy to help :) @Greg Ehh, something funny happened I'm not sure if it worked, please let me know. The same link from the previous emails should still be valid though :) @Greg I have requested PledgeManager resend your invitation email :) Thanks! @Vas PledgeManager is reporting that your order is complete :) Thanks! Hi everyone :) I deeply appreciate the fervent support from everyone, even if you do disagree with one another. :) Some people don't like to see other campaigns promoted in the comments and I deeply understand and respect that point of view. I have to also recognize that if not for that same kind of promotion on other campaigns, some of our backers wouldn't be with us today. All promotions of outside campaigns in our comments have consistently been accompanied with a high level of involvement and participation with this campaign, which is to say, I can tell they aren't just spammers and that kind of community building and "hey I saw a cool thing" sharing is one of the things that makes Kickstarter so wonderful. I also understand that some people don't like that and I completely respect and uphold their right to ignore those promotional comments. Let me just say that we are completely honored and flattered to have two individuals on the internet arguing about how best to treat *us* instead of the other way around. I honestly wasn't sure how to respond to that at first. All of you ladies and gentlemen have been awesome to us. Thank you for your confidence! @Cal @Greg Thank you for the support! :) We appreciate the good feedback very much I have some good news, our PledgeManager is almost ready to go, I have looked over the page in test mode and there are just a couple small corrections to make and I'll send out a formal update with the appropriate information! Thanks! Hi Cal, Not since our last update. The manufacturer's best guess says we should be OK but we won't know for sure until we have a physical mockup done and we can get it on a scale along with the packing materials included. :) All in process as planned. We'll let everyone know for sure once we hear back. @Greg That is our intention, yes. If it doesn't work out we will keep the built-in survey in our back pocket. :) (Still working with Pledgemanager to get everything set up) @Greg Our plan is to have everything necessary included in the PledgeManager :) @Keith Definitely! As soon as it is ready we will give you ladies and gentlemen all the links! :) Hi everyone! Just wanted to give everyone an insider-update real quick, we're in negotiations currently with TableTopia to have our games featured on their new platform, which will allow you to play games on any computer and also iOS/Android devices. More as it develops! We're getting ready to open up an automated way to take pre-orders for Darkrock Ventures for anyone that missed the KS campaign (will not be the same KS price, BTW. We said you guys would get the best price and we're sticking to that!) but if you know someone who missed out that would like a chance to back late before we go live with that, let us know and we'll give them the scoop on how to get in. In other news, our manufacturer is working on a couple quotes for us to figure out the viability of that extra board enlargement. Will update again when we know more! Thank you all for your support!! @Keith & Vas Currently, we are working on finalizing the rulebook and graphics so the deluxe PNP can be built and the actual order for the physical product can be placed. Our goal for all of this lands right around the 30-days-after-the-end-of-the-Kickstarter mark. The PledgeManager survey for everyone should be going live at about the same time as well. Thanks for your support!! @Daniel For the premium Print-n-play the board will be full-size but it will need to be printed in quadrants and assembled. We will make that available as soon as the graphics and rulebook are finalized. :) @Vas We plan to open the post-KS survey along with the PledgeManager at about the 30-days-after mark while we tie up loose ends. Even now Kickstarter is still processing all the pledges. :) @Travis Thank you very much! We will definitely keep updating the comments on a regular basis and post updates when there is something significant to report, we're glad to have you aboard! :) @Frank Thank you for chiming in! @Chris There is also a great video from Undead Viking on the project page as well :) @Baginses We too have seen some of the nightmare horror stories just like that. This is the source of our reluctance to *promise* that we can do it, but we are really confident that we can. :) Thanks for the support! @Greg We have not publicly released the text of the solo/co-op rules, they will be released once we have finished refining them. :) Thanks! Thank you everyone! The difference your encouragement makes to us is immeasurable. :) You guys worked REALLY hard to get that board upgrade. Don't give up hope, we're going to try to find a way, stay tuned for the next update everyone. THANK YOU! WE DID IT GUYS!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!! @Chantal so are we! - Trish @Vas Barry is correct, we created that option for our Friendly Local Game Stores, because we love you guys!! :) - Trish @John If we do not reach our stretch goal, we will be doing heavy consulting with our manufacturer, and keeping our backers up to date. However rest assured retail will be no different than your copy. We would not do that to our backers. - Trish @Frank (I can see your comment in email just not on the page at the moment) They are using Tabletop Simulator, and we think it would be cool to have a digital copy of the game. Stay tuned after the campaign. - Trish (Mrs. Magic Meeple) We're counting down the final moments live! <url>#BestBackers @Morten Thanks for weighing in! Pretty much so far the response has been the same, forget the box bling and get a bigger board. If we can make it work, I think our path is clear so far. We're really glad everyone is offering their opinions, but if you disagree, please don't be shy! We want as many opinions as possible and there are no wrong answers or judging here. :) @Brant Thanks!! I think you guys are going to like what we have cooked up next (Spoiler: It's from Scott Almes.) In other news: I just heard back from the manufacturer, they are going to try and get me a ballpark estimate on that asap ;) @Chuck Thanks! :) I have been asked in response to the last update: "What exactly do you mean by interior box printing?" To use an example from our co-publisher, Gamelyn Games, it is essentially this: <url>"I wrote in a little more detail what the goings-on for the board are right now in the last update" Who needs sleep, it's boss-rush time on these Stretch goals :D Cheers! @Rich & Barry Thank you both for the feedback! I write in a little more detail what the goings-on are for the board right now. We know exactly what Spot UV will cost, but we are still waiting to hear about the board size which surprisingly might have a much bigger impact on cost. We are not placing the importance of one over the other, but rather taking advantage of the information we have right this second and trying to get the missing info we need to make that 14x14 board possible for you all without endangering the manufacturing or fulfillment process. If we don't hear back until after the campaign ends, we would be delighted to offer it after the fact based on Pledgemanager sales or some other metric--or maybe even just as a thank you to the best backer community we have ever seen! Thanks for sticking with us! @Allen Thank you VERY MUCH for this question. YES! You can! That is one of the primary reasons we are making a very real investment in the PledgeManager service to give everyone an opportunity to upgrade their pledge after the campaign ends. If your budget is too tight right this second (and we know that better than anyone, GenCon just ended!) Pledging $1 now is an ideal way to lock-in your price and when the PledgeManager survey goes live you'll have your chance! Backing now at any amount helps us with our stretch goals and the more backers we have and the higher our total goes, the better we can make the same for the same price per unit. Waiting until PledgeManager hits to upgrade is the next best thing, so THANK YOU for jumping in and helping us produce this great game! Someday I will finish writing this update, but for now I need to rewrite a section because you all broke ANOTHER Stretch goal!!! #Bestbackers @Ben Thanks for the feedback! Here is where we are currently with the enlarged board: We are currently waiting to hear back from the manufacturer about how much increasing the board a second time will impact cost and weight. If we hear back in time and it is realistic for us to include that upgrade, we will add that stretch goal in. If we don't find out until afterward and it still makes sense, there is a chance we can include it anyway. Until we hear back though, we are on hold with that aspect right at this time :) Thank you everyone for letting us know! We'll do our best to make it happen! Woohoo! Another stretch goal shredded! Update incoming! THIS JUST IN: Final 48 Hours begins NOW! Please re-share and re-tweet about this Kickstarter Campaign so everyone can see what we have accomplished so far! New Stretch Goal added: Spot UV at $50,000! We are awaiting quotes back from the manufacturer before inserting a Stretch Goal to increase the board size to 14"x14". If we can accomplish this without too much of an adverse effect on production cost and shipping, we'll add it in too! Also don't forget, we're going live to unveil Co-Op Mode in about an hour on youtube: <url>"No, I use ____ instead."? I'd love to hear more about it and using that data to our mutual advantage :) Thanks again! @Jan Thank you for the recommendation! Our demos were done on 10x10 boards and those were just barely big enough, 12x12 should be comfortable but we can go bigger if that is what the backers want! Should we do another survey about this? Are there others who would want to see the board go up to 14"x14"? The game has a very nice small table presence right now but that doesn't have to be the law. :) THANKS EVERYONE!! @ashley I apologize, I never meant to imply or suggest any kind of insult to your intelligence at all. i don't believe anyone feels anyone else here in an idiot at all. We're all here trying to make this game great and I think that speaks very highly to everyone's intellect and taste. I know there are a lot of people who don't use or like Twitter and Facebook. I used to be one of them and in the interest of perfect honestly, I kind of had to "learn to love them" out of necessity a little bit. It doesn't surprise me that there are still lots of people who don't. It would make my job a lot easier if everyone would just settle on one and we could be done with it. I completely expect the day to come where Facebook and Twitter are obsolete and go the way of MySpace, it's probably inevitable at this point with the way things are developing and moving. Our choices to measure our social media footprint with Facebook and Twitter is not intended to devalue or insult anyone else's preference, and we openly welcome any feedback or suggestions that could help us improve our position on these fronts. I would be happy to add more achievements for other social media platforms if you would like to make a recommendation. I see that at nothing but a good thing and another opportunity to cater to backers like you who have different preferences. Your feedback was deeply appreciated and we are very thankful for your enthusiasm. I am glad you came forward with your input and I hope you will continue to provide it! :) Thank you!! Thank you for that, Teel, you're amazing at this :D @Ashley Basically Teel nailed it. Facebook and Twitter are the locations currently that house the biggest communities for boardgames and kickstarter. It is not an indicator at all that they are my favorite platforms personally but they are where we can easily measure and extend our reach. The more followers we have, the wider our reach, which means more people that are aware of our campaigns and their shares reach their networks and so on like a giant internet spiderweb of "Hey have you seen this cool thing??" It is a tool that will help us produce better campaigns with better products, the more backers we can attract, the lower our production costs become per-unit of the game, which means we can include more awesome features and inclusions (like custom meeples and fancier cardstock and linen finishing) for the same dollar-per-backer. Yes, it is marketing and marketing can be a dirty word in the hands of the wrong people. But I like to think of it as an opportunity to provide a game that looks like a $100 package for the same $39 price whereas we would normally be producing a $39 game that costs $39, which isn't dishonest--but if we can do better we strive to! Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook help us to do that (even if I am in the minority in liking Google+ an awful lot) :) Like Teel said, new social media platforms are popping up all the time. Not long ago Instagram was a brand new thing and now we have Periscope which is exploding. If there is a community that doesn't yet know about what we are doing, let us know! We want to seek them out and show them what YOU GUYS are accomplishing in this awesome campaign! :D Thanks for the feedback and thank you for being a part of this project! Thank you Teel! @Jan Teel is correct it is 12"x12" total (unfolded). Another stretch goal BUSTED!!!! Stay tuned for what comes next! Achievement Get! 500 Facebook page likes unlocked another Corporate Sponsor card, bringing the current total to 10! 38k! Another stretch goal down! Achievement Unlocked!!!! 500 Twitter Followers!!!! Welcome to all of our new backers, lots of new names today that is awesome!! @Caleb Welcome to the party! We're honored that we got you to sign up with Kickstarter :) Thank you very much! THIS JUST IN: This project has been selected as a Kickstarter STAFF PICK! Thank you to the #BestBackers on the internet who made this possible! Welcome to all of our new backers! We're only a handful of Twitter followers and Facebook Likes away from adding two more cards! Go team! :D WOW everyone! Two more stretch goals broken! Update incoming! Thanks for the input so far everyone, and thank you Michael for pushing us over that milestone!! Woohoo, we've unlocked another stretch goal! Update incoming @Curtis Yes! I did not want to reveal more at that time because we were still fine-tuning it, but we are planning Solo AND Co-Op play via the posted stretch goal we revealed very recently. Co-Op mode is ideal for groups of 2. The research deck added on with our first Mini-expansion stretch goal also helps the 2-player experience dramatically giving players more tension with the special abilities those cards provide. :) Thanks for the question and your support! @chuck Great idea!! I will fix that immediately :D New main page image for the final week and a new stretch goal added to get pumped up about :) If anyone has any ideas about how to extend our reach and get even more backers to join in on this great game, we'd love to hear them! @Marc & Kyle Welcome aboard! Thanks for pushing us over the top! Stretch goal BUSTED!! @ViaSeattleite Thank you very much for your kind compliments! :) We're happy to be of service! I would like to take a moment to clarify, the solo and co-op modes are not something we just came up with in response to any reviews, in earnest we have been planning them for quite some time and refining the mechanics over the past couple of months. Nothing has been (or ever will be) haphazardly tacked-on to any of our products or campaigns. :) My plan was to reveal these goodies toward the end of the campaign as a big surprise with a drumroll, etc. for everyone to get excited about in the final days, but that may have been a mistake and we have an opportunity to correct it and benefit everyone involved. Thank you everyone who reached out and told us (very kindly, might I add) how they felt and what they wanted out of this product. That kind of feedback is how great things happen! Be home soon! Cheers, Ian **NEWS ALERT** Hi everyone! We are wrapping up the last day of GenCon currently, but we have gotten an overwhelming response in this campaign requesting a Solo play mode for Darkrock Ventures. This is something we have been planning to include as one of our final stretch goals due to cost, but the demand cannot be ignored. Our aim is to back the backers and find ways to make it work in everyone's favor. So, I would like to make an informal announcement that our next stretch goal to be announced will be for the second mini-expansion, which will introduce SOLO and CO-OP play, with some additional components to facilitate those play modes. We hope this will alleviate some of the concerns that some of you have had to Rahdo's specific feedback about the pace of a 2-player game, and bring more backers to the campaign to benefit everyone who is receiving a copy of the game. I will write a more formal campaign update tomorrow when we return from this trip. Thank you all for your support and for the feedback telling us what you want to make this game even better! Please share this news anywhere you like, let's get that crowd to join this party! Thank you all, Ian Thanks Chuck!! Got my thumb, I'll upload some more photos to the page soon as well! Let's get that post-GenCon rush over here :) Finished up at the Nerd Nighters party at GenCon and it looks like we won over a handful of new backers, so welcome folks! More demoing where we can find chances to do it coming up (possibly) late tomorrow and most definitely on Sat and Sun. Twitter will tell you all of my secrets! :) Thank you all!! New Stretch Goals have been posted as well as a new update sent out. Anyone at Gencon looking to meet up please reach out to Trish at @mrsmagicmeeple or Ian at @magicmeeple via Twitter! We would love to see all of you! @Gianluca & Raymond Thank you! Welcome to the party!! After a 3am departure and a lot of "Well that was unexpected" we're in Indianapolis and getting ready for the fun to begin tomorrow! Hello GenCon! Stay tuned to @MagicMeeple on Twitter to find us :) @Iain, James, & Teel Thank you all!! ...Custom meeples, you say? I think there might be something about that in my notes. ;) We're GenCon bound! Leaving home in about, uh...seven hours or so. Hope to see a LOT of you there. Keep an eye on @MagicMeeple to find out whereabouts and meetup opportunities to play DRV! @Gareth I think it depends on the game and type of bit, unless they are meant to be highly-detailed miniatures, the shape of wooden pieces leaves more to the imagination and wooden bits have more of a timeless feel. I have always preferred the really old sets of Monopoly that use wood for the houses and hotels over the modern plastic ones :) @Raymond I can make sure to stop by those places, I will have to verify our schedule and tweet our location often. If I can set aside a block of time we'll add it to the event calendar on our website :) @Chuck Yes, we have been testing some cool inclusions for some time now and we are getting ready to reveal them soon :) @Ben ....maaaaaybe :) @Maurice I can make the deluxe PnP available for backers above that level, certainly. If you want a copy, let me know after the campaign ends and I'll take care of ya! @TwistedIndigo Adam was the best man at my wedding. We'll be okay :) @MigF We completely understand :) But can assure you, this is correct and stable. Welcome to the mad house! Lets get the party started!! @migf What you are seeing in the pledges does not seem to include any over-pledged amount Ladies and gentlemen, we have just reached our funding goal. I want to thank Adam Powell from the bottom of my heart and let everyone know our stretch goals will be updated this afternoon, I am on my way to meet up with the Cards N Chit podcast! Thanks everyone! @James You too, JR! Thanks for the plug :D Backer alert! We just got our 400th backer, thank you very much to Adam White (who has a pretty cool game on KS right now called Fire Ants that you should all go see!) New review from @DEMO_KEN, check it out! <url>" was usable but not very comfortable. 12" Doesn't add that much to the footprint, but makes play a lot less dexterity-based. :) I forgot I had even backed this game until looking all the way back in my history of funding. I have yet to receive a copy. What went wrong? Finally got around to learning/playing and realized we are missing a green dice. Is there a way to get it replaced? Happy to pay shipping so I don't have to sub in just any green dice I own. :) Thanks! Brazil here, got mine today. Can you place a crew member on a empty mining space, so you can use Rover to move it after? (Or just to get a free neutronium since if a crew member cannot collect ressources, it get one for free?) has my order shipped? I have not received the item, would you please advise me the shipping status. Just to let you know, I received my copy today, intact and all there. Thanks for sorting out my ShipNaked issues, @magic meeple games I see that DRV went live in tabletop sim as dlc :) will we stil be getting a free code for it? Yay, finally got my copy too! (not the fault of the company, btw, but of some weird postal hiccup on our end) Can't wait to get it to the table! I sent another email to Ian. I haven't heard from ship naked yet. Thx Got the email, thank you Larry if you already sent an email then depending how long its been either stay patient or dm them on here Hello, I got an email that orders were fulfilled but to contact you if I didn't get my game. I sent an email to the magic meeple website. Is there anything else I need to do? Steve it is a kickstarter your a superbacker but don't understand stuff happens. I don't get you. I understand frustration but this isn't corporate America making a game it's kickstarter! Keep up the great job MMG Gamelyn . keep making awesome new games. His loss please don't make it hurt the rest of us. I got my copies very excited I got my shipping confirmation thanks the help! Steve first of all they didnt ignore you they got back to you as soon as possible, they aren't resorting to bullying and threatening they are responding appropriately to someone who is being extremely aggressive and abusive. I get you are frustrated and angry because of the delays. I was frustrated too when it was 2 weeks hearing nothing from ship naked regarding my order before it was finally dispatched. Frustration is no excuse to act this way and IF they end up canceling your order then as far as I'm concerned it would be completely justified. Please just be patient, stop attacking magic meeple games do viciously especially publicly and especially don't resort to petty and childish behaviour like changing your name to something like you did before All i tried to do was get a game to my friend before his birthday that was 2 weeks ago. Instead you first ignore me and then after that you resort to bullying and threats. Instead of trying to correct the issue for someone that had trust that you would take their money and deliver like the campaign says. Never been more disappointed with a kickstarter campaign after backing 170+. I just hope i help one other person not be burned like this and lose roughly 100$ just because the creator likes to be the internet tough guy. Hope the game is at least good for you backers that were able to get your game! Does it make you feel tough threatening to cancel someones pledge Ian S? Hiding behind your creator account. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. has my order shipped? hahahahahahaha. Shipnaked contacted me for random encounters a company that actually provided valid information to them. Guess still no word on DRV the endless hole of nothing tangible So shipnaked contacts me with a list of what i ordered and oh big shocker its not right. How hard is it to send 1 company a list of less than 1000 names and an accurate list of what they ordered. This is literally the biggest joke ive had to deal with on KSer. In what world should i have to keep track of an order you sent me a receipt for and then make sure you guys send it out right. @Steve I apologize, but I am only one person. We got a LOT of responses from the last update and we are trying to diligently work through them all in the order they were received and give them equal care and attention. Nobody is being ignored. Yes i have and no they do not respond. 2 messages sent. 1 yesterday at 3PM right after the update and again this morning at 6AM. The commenter account hasnt even posted in 3+ days. Word of Mouth is great. I hope my Word of Mouth does great things for MMG. Sending an update and then not responding when you tell people to contact you in that update. What a joke. Cant believe i bought a second copy from these jokers. @steve did you dm them? BEWARE - Makes Update to respond if you have problems but then ignores you when you respond. I haven't received mine yet in Australia. I think ShipNaked may have missed this one as I have had other projects recently fulfilled by them. Ok ship naked are officially the worst :S lot of people still havent recieved anything but theyve aparently sent me too. Im at a loss :S also it took less time to ship from usa to uk than from grmany to uk I haven't received my game - or any email from ship naked Ummm. They seem to have sent me a second copy :S Just got it in Italy, everything seems in order but still have to check the full list of tokens. The quality of the finiture is amazing, really, especially for a kickstarter, I've done quite a few but this is grade A. The only problem I see (aside from the choice of being so small, but that was advertised) is this : why did you not provide a way to keep the board in place inside the box? It seems... sloppy. Anyway, thanks for all your work. Had our first game of Darkrock yesterday, basic rules only, no sponsors, research or marauders yet. Still well received by the two other players. The back side of the player boards is a little cramped, but a useful guide for a first play through, and the abilities were quickly picked up by all involved. It was a bit of a landslide victory for me which is unusual on a worker placement game, but definitely welcome! As it stood though, the Iron Imperium seemed to be incapable of mining anything but iron for most of the game, until one of its crew members brought back a couple of samples of cobalt, and the crew of the Journey V (Boyband in Space) seemed to be intent on installing enough batteries in their ship to suck the solar arrays dry in order to power their next concert! Looking forward to trying out some of the additional rules, but the base game seems to be nice and solid, I'm loving the ability to place multiple crew onto a spot, and the finite resources available, and it seems far more approachable than other worker placements I've played. Got the Expansion Pack from BGG yesterday! I got my expansion from BGG. Order total was $77 after I ordered all of the other promos that I needed for other games, lol. Money well spent! Finally Arrived today :) Received missing blue meeple today. Thanks! Almost 3 weeks since supposedly shipped and still nothing. Received yesterday in France with no fore-notice. First game played today (3 players - no optional content) and we enjoyed it but are eager to include optional content. *And arrived in the U.K. Via Royal Mail. Arrived yesterday in the U.K., quality of everything feels very good! Looking forward to getting my first play in. For reference, it's being sent out by DHL via Deutsch Post in the EU, no evidence of tracking numbers though. The first boardgame I backed arrived in Finland today! If you do the addendum file, please include the back of the player board too. Received my game today in north Scotland, where everything takes longer to get here... :-) No alert in France but this morning... oh a game !!! It looks very nice ! Can't wait to try it ! This is really starting to miff me. Waiting waiting and waiting and nothing. Supposedly was shipped from SN two weeks ago and their tracking number still says it's in Massachusetts. @AliceXVI: I'm probably going to make my own boards. They won't be high quality, but it'll be much easier. I find the Cargo Hold especially troublesome. Ok. So. Just played my first game. 2 player. WOW!! I'm so effing happy. I still have issues with the player boards. But MAN!! Great game guys. @frank i completely agree. Everything from the meeples to the resouces doesnt quite fit on the spaces designated for them. Its only the dice and lock tokens that are the right size Still Nothing Received my game today in Northern Alberta, Canada. The components (specifically the player boards) were smaller than I expected, and a bit of a let down. But everything is beautiful. And am very excited to play. I hope it arrives for you Chantal. I was over the moon that it arrived today since I move house tomorrow >.< I really expected the game to get here this week, but nothing yet. Crossing my fingers for tomorrow, otherwise it'll probably be Tuesday at the earliest THANK SPACE GOD ITS HEEEERE FINALY. EVERY COMPONENT IS HERE NOTHING MISSING HURAH I'll keep my fingers crossed for you! Well today is going to be a mass of anxiety :( my package was dispatched on sunday but with no tracking info ive no idea where it is and can only hope and prey that it either arrives today at some point or tomorrow morining before i move back to uni :( Hmmm, there was a number on the digital receipt that looked like a tracking number format, but I wasn't sure! I guess I'll just have to wait then. @james if its like my package it wont have any tracking info :( I don't suppose anyone can tell me who Happyshops are using for delivery? I'd like to see where my package is up to! Received the game yesterday, the package was slightly damaged, the box of the game was not damaged. Will play the first game this weekend i am really excited the content looks great :) Thanks. So for research cards, if you recycle and have to choose one- do you need to discard your current one or can you discard the one you have just picked up? Thanks. So for research cards, if you recycle and have to choose one- do you need to discard your current one or can you discard the one you have just picked up? Still waiting for my game. :( Nothing today but it was sent out on sunday so Ive got my fingers crossed it arrived tomorrow I got my copy today (Austria, Europe), in great condition, minus one blue die. I am happy with the outcome. Thanks for the communication Magic Meeple Games. I still would like to know what happened with the shipping goof up. I can buy more copies of this game for my game store wholesale right? If so when will that be available? I sent them the replacement form but I have heard nothing back from them. Is there any way you can check to see what is going on. I'm in the USA @Magic Meeple So, after that last update, I'd like to re-iterate my apology. You are a class-act of a company and will have my continued support for years. Gonna go check out fire of eidolon. received mine today in brauschweig, germany @Magic Meeple Games: Thank you for sending out that last update. It has gone far to sooth my discontent. @AliceXVI: I figure you are onto something there. I hope my package gets to me, as my address is a little strange, and I always have to send special e-mails to ShipNaked to make sure they manually adjust my address. Hopefully, they have not passed on false numbers on to this Happyshops lot. They have sent a tracking number to me that finally works (I think). Looks like my drv game sat in the dhl sorting center all yesterday if their previous e-mails are accurate. Received in New Zealand. Everything looks in excellent condition. Under research cards, one of the paragraphs appears cut off. Wondering what it was supposed to say. I just sent a message, but I have not received any notification from Ship Naked. @james from what i can tell, Shipnaked are handling the main order. however they have oursourced some work to places in regions in order to make the shipping costs cheaper, due to it not shipping all the way from usa, that would be tabletop tycoon. then due to either costs or something tabletop tycoon have hired happyshops to handle everything. and its all gone horribly south and caused a ton of delays. that is my theory atm Does anyone know why the packages are late for Europe? Who are Tabletop Tycoon and Happyshops and why are they handling the packages? I thought ShipNaked was managing these things, or have I confused projects. As a backer, I would appreciate a little more transparency. Today, I get an e-mail from Happyshops with a DHL tracking number that is not found in their system, and it says in the e-mail to contact Tabletop Tycoon if I have questions. Why should I contact Tabletop Tycoon if I have a problem with Happyshops? This is seriously trying my patience. @ Torsten ... You should try contact <email> or <email> I still got nothing from Happy Shops... Any help please? What to do? Must i do something? Same for me :) Ditto :) They've told me it shipped now, so that's a plus. But while there might be a tracking number hidden among their receipt, there's no indication of what company they've shipped it with so I can't actually check. Drv is on its way for me :D Alright, the shipping information from Happyshopps is here (germany). @JPK Thanks for the heads up. Good to hear some people are getting something from Happyshops. Still nothing here though. Have we heard anything official as to progress? Finally got it near Seattle on Thursday. Everything is nice. I assume the '2 standard mining dice (frosted)' and the '1 Netronium die (black with red pips' came in the same ziploc because I didn't get either of them. I did get the 15 standard dice though. Jupiter Mining Cartel... smegtastic! @James Hancock See Update #27 (May 3 2016) about Expansion #1. They 'promised' that all backers would be able to get one one way or another if BGG sells out. If you didn't catch that one you'll want to see Update #33 (Aug 8 2016) about another promo card you'll have to hunt down if you can/want to. This one is not going to be easily or cheaply picked up on the secondary market. Still waiting in Washington. I am waiting in Europe as well with no answers. I would like to know what the hitch was. It is strange to have confirmation e-mails sent out for 'soon to be delivered' games. Even stranger not to send the games after the e-mail. What is this expansion 1 business? Are these cards/items etc. that kickstarter people got automatically, and the bgg items are for non-kickstarter customers? I have to say, I would be loath to spend money on an expasion for a game I should have but don't yet have for some unknown reason, and how am I to know if the game even could use an expasion if I have not even played it yet? I think it is a bit underhanded to have something for sale in what is often a first come first serve forum (the bgg store where 'promos' get sold out quite regularly) when customers have not even had a chance to evaulate the game. I understand that shipping is beyond the publisher's control, but it is NOT beyond the publisher's control to decide to hold onto an expansion for a reasonable amount of time (ie: 3 months) after an initial release so as to avoid a mad scramble by uninformed customers. The short-> I will be annoyed if I waste more of my money on a game I don't enjoy, and I will be annoyed if I cannot get my hands on an expansion I want to play for a game I like. Looks like it will arrive before I move. So happy Yes! Email from Happyshops! Same as Alice. I wonder if the game or the expansion pack will arrive first. @ Alice … Mail from Happyshops? My drv order was just packaged and will be shipped "as soon as possible" thank god for that Expansion Pack ordered! Shit. I dont have the money to buy it now :( Just ordered my Expansion Pack #1 Oh thanks! I just grab it right now! Expansion #1 is on BGG store right now. Get it quick to avoid hunting it down later from creator or other. Nothing beats the smell of newly grounded game in the morning... Hum, wy is there coffee on the board game and bits of woods in my coffee? Haha! Game just arrived via FedEx in Montréal! Everythings look good. Gonna try the solo variant now. Thanks Magic Meeples Game, it's was long but it's finally here. Any ways I can get the expansion other than BGG Store? Did anyone in Montréal or Quebec had more than one copies? @Torsten • Board Game Circus Thanks! Once I get playing I'm sure there will be some questions. Hopefully the BGG participants will have answered them! "Hi Alice, We are working with your local depot to get everything sorted out and your package to you. Thank you for your patience!" Not very reassuring. Looking like i might have to change my address I got an email back today from tabletop tycoon support asking for more info so they could look into it. Ill update here when i get another reply back @Mmg I am in UK and as with many other had an email on 31/8 saying about being sent my package. I emailed happyshops yesterday and got the following reply today: Hello John, we couldn´t send the package because of a mistake from Tabletop Tycoon. If you have more question please write directly to Tabletop. Wish you a nice day. Best regards Ines Schubert Please can you advise? Thanks @Greg W.: You can post questions in the forums on BGG. It is often used for such discussions and other can answer if needed. Here is the link to the page: <url>éal). I can't wait to finish work and go to play the game The happyshop email says they are shipping drv to me on behalf of tapletop tycoon @AliceXVI: Who is Tabletop Tycoon? I think they mean Ship Naked... that btw was from happyshops I got an email back from tabletop tycoon. "at the Moment we cannot send the order because of a mistake of Tabletop Tycoon. If you want t get more informations please write to Tabletop." WOW HOW NICE OF THEM TO TELL ME NOTHING FOR OVER 2 WEEKS >.> USPS says delivery tonight! @Magic Meeple Games Is there an inventory list in the Rule Book? Seeing how some components were reportedly missing from some games, I would like an expedient way to check the contents. @Simon Bermann: Shipnaked's mails was stating: "If this information is correct, you do not need to do anything." - All was correct, but nothing from HappyShops or anyone else... So i think i will be waiting much more time... I hope HappyShops is not in Essen mode and ignore all things going around now... @brian from two days ago my understanding is yes. Use the rover to move your miner - rover goes back to ship. Use miner to mine at new location. Miner goes back to ship. @ Torsten ... The first mail, from ShipNaked, on 2016-08-19, you should confirm your shipping adress. After that, you should have received a second email, from HappyShopps: "We are happy to inform you, that we will send you these games on behalf of Tabletop Tycoon." And now, the problem is, after the mail from HappyShops ... no shipping information, nothing! Miniature Market has the game for $34 right now! Kind of disappointed that they are offering below kickstarter prices... I can't imagine I'll back another game by Magic Meeple or Gamelyn now. The mail was from Ship Naked. I never got any informations from Happy Shops. Last mail I got was 19th August. When will the game arrive in Germany? do i need to order the expansion or is it being shipped separate from the game My copy arrived today! Yay! Missing one blue die, though. Why did it have to be the blue one? Why not the pink(ish) one? Shipnaked contacted - will see if they follow up. Can't wait to play, though, even if I have to steal a die from something else. I hope they can get this sorted soon. Im moving house in a little over a week ;-; Like WIllem and others, received the email that happyshops will be sending it soon and they will follow up with an email, but as yet no further email and no sign of the game. Received my copy Monday in Toledo. How do I contact Ship Naked about the missing components? I did not even receive an email from HappyShops yet. I live in Germany. Sorry, spelling mistake, <email> is corect! It is a "b" in tabletop, not a "p"! I just received a tracking notification from FedEx and the delivery of my game is planned for tomorrow (Montréal area) nvm apparenty delivery to <email> failed >.> wtf @simon ty ive sent an email to that address now asking for an update. Getting really frustrated by how bad a job the companies in charge of shipping are doing on this game I wrote to happyshops today. They have no information!? They say, I should write to <email> for shipping information!? @Jason Granat Thanks for the insights. Mine still does not show USPS has it, but estimated delivery was updates on the DHL tracking to tonight. I have no idea what that means! @Magic Meeple Games Are you planning to put out a FAQ, rules clarification, or update for rules questions? Same here (in NL/EU): Got the Happyshops mail that they will be sending DRV. "we did not send the games yet, but as soon as we do you will get an email" (31-8, now two weeks ago) Haven't gotten any email since. Wow new zealand getting theirs before UK. thats not a good sign XD Got mine in the post today, in Taranaki, New Zealand :) Received mine today in California. ambiguous rule wording aside, I played a game against myself with 3 "players" and game works great overall! @Greg / @JKP: It takes several days from the DHL to USPS hand off. ShipNaked must have gotten a nice price break recently, because they haven't always used the DHL to USPS last mile service. The unfortunately side effect is this service seems to be very slow. @JKP DHL gave mine to USPS a few days ago and no confirm from USPS either. A previous KS delivered in a similar way. It took about a week for USPS to acknowledge but then it was very fast... I have not heard from Ship Naked. I did not get an initial Address check email. I inquired last week to make sure I was in the system and got no response. DHL "Tendered to USPS" on Sept 8. 4 days ago... 10 miles away. The USPS tracking doesn't acknowledge receiving it. Where is it USPS? @magic meeple games the first happyshop email, the one in german, wasnt actually a dispatch email. Last time i delt with them i got 2, an email to confirm they had something for me like the drv one i got and then an actual dispatch email. So far no dispatch so it appears to not even have been posted yet also for the rover station, do both the person on the rover and the person on the mining station get used up? I feel like there should be a rules faq section Mine came today. Love that there is so much room in the box, enough to add expansions one day. Off topic, is there a corporate sponsor that immediately recruits your captain present in the game already? The rules make mention of it but I can't find one that does. Also does the lock symbol indicate starting lock space or number of open bays at the start? DHL says they handed it off to USPS in a neighboring town! Not acknowledged by USPS yet, but I think (hope) to see the game soon! I was informed by SN that they don't have my order in the system. @ AliceXVI ... The same problem! Got my game yesterday in WI. Looks great. I got my email from happyshops.com on the 31st of august and no word since. This is getting rediculous now :( Hi I received an email earlier this week, but it was in German so I deleted it, thinking it was some kind of weird EuroSpam. Now I'm thinking it was regarding the dispatch of DRV. I'm in the UK, has anyone received anything similar? Thanks Got it Friday and played it today! We played the basic game with no variants. We need to get used to the dice mechanism for mining. Nothing in Portland, OR; Ship Naked won't return my inquiries. I have received 2 other games just fine from them. Just got my copy today! ~ Texas @Simon I was wondering the same thing. I'm kinda glad it's not just me. Was starting to worry. Got my copy today in Minnesota and it is in perfect condition. Everything looks fantastic, especially the spot UV on the board. Really happy I backed this! Just got mine in Alabama. I'm missing the Cobalt and Neutronuim tokens. :( Mine was handed from DHL to USPS 2 days ago... 10 miles away. The USPS tracking doesn't acknowledge that. Where is it USPS? Dayton, Ohio here, and got mine yesterday afternoon. All components accounted for, no damages of any kind. Looks awesome, and can't wait to play. Thanks! There was a mail from happyshops.com (germany), on 2016-08-31: "We are happy to inform you, that we will send you this games on behalf of Tapletop Tycoon, 1x Darkrock Ventures!". But after this … nothing!? Just received my copy and I'm upset. My game has a big cut in the box like someone opened the container with a knife and dug into it. I emailed the shipping company about a replacement. But now I have to wait to open and play the game since I'm not sure what they will say. I am in mid Ohio and it still hasn't updated since sept 6 early in the AM. I just don't get it. My copy just arrived today in Southern Ohio. Looks good. Thanks! Got the game today! I went back and checked, I don't have any emails from Shipnaked about the game...not sure if they got eaten by a spam folder or just never sent? But I'm not worried about the email; I'm glad for the lovely little box! What compares to new game smell? I now have a tracking number with DHL. Looks like it should deliver next week! Totally cool if this happens! @Pablo Actually mine just arrived today. I didn't have an estimated delivery until just this morning. So all is well. Hope everyone enjoys their copy when it comes. @Jonathan & @Johnathon: Mine was tendered to USPS yesterday and the estimated delivery is today. What is your estimated delivery date? Did it come and go? @Jonathan Hobson Same here. My package has been tendered to USPS since September 6th, and it is just stuck there. The USPS tracking info hasn't been updated either. DHL is the worst shipping method in the US now and are super slow. Hopefully it will get moving soon. So weird. My copy has been stuck in Kentucky for 3 full days after being tendered to USPS. Ever since ship naked switched to DHL their shipment times have been horrible. They used to be pretty decent and even arrived early sometimes, but now pretty disappointed with them. Too bad so many kickstarters use them still. No need to go that far Ian :P I just hope i get an actual shipping confirmation soon >.< I move back up to uni in just over 2 weeks and I want to be able to take this game with me to university Also got an email indicating Ship Naked would process my order, but no tracking or confirmation that it was or would mail soon. Still glad that there was some communication! Got the shipping label created email but no shipped email. Decided it to check the tracking number and saw DHL transferred it to USPS this morning. Guessing mine should be showing up Friday or Saturday. I've got the e-mail rom SN since 19.8 telling me "Your order (#DARKROCK-511732) has been uploaded to our system and will be shipping in the future once campaign processing is finished. " No tracking number since, no e-mail about a label created, nothing... Aren't shipping sppose to end last week? Yeah, still no email back from ship naked after filling out their form. I don't know what's going on. Still waiting for an email about shipping... So the last time happyshops was dealing with delivery of something, vast: the crystal caverns, they shipped it 2 days after the notification email. With drv its been almost a week with no dispatch. Meanwhile the stuff i got a notification about from ship naked AFTER drv have just shipped I received a Ship Naked tracking number on Sept 1st, the link is USPS but it directs to DHL tracking. As of now (4 days later) the tracking is just Label printed. I suppose that DHL will deliver to USPS just like Fed Ex does and then USPS will deliver the package to actual address. My experience with DHL have not been very good, I hope they are better this time. Still no emails on this KS... Got the first SN e-mail but no trcking number yet.. Still no Ship Naked contact (including in the spam folder), but hopefully tomorrow! My tracking number with DHL is now active and is showing a delivery date of Sept. 8! Woo! Just got the tracking. Hopefully they'll ship it soon. Too late for me to play it this summer... When is the mini-expansion coming out in the BGG store? @JKP: I also received one of those emails, and it included a tracking number (shipping via DHL). I've never received such an email so I don't have a lot of experience to draw on, but I remain hopeful. Just got a 'label created' email from ShipNaked 17 minutes ago. Normally I'd get excited but my SN experience says that it will sit at 'label created but not shipped' for a week or two. Now just need to find out when the expansion will be at BGG Store. Nothing from Ship Naked on this project. Received 2 other notifications on different projects. Thanks! Looking forward to my shipping notice! I also send a second inquiry to ShipNaked and have yet to receive any response. I have checked my spam and don't see anything there as well. No word from ShipNaked yet... Do they have a time table on when they're going to start shipping? I got the same thing Thomas I just got an email from Happyshops informing me that they will deliver the game on behalf of Tabletop Tycoon. Anyone from Canada (West coast) get anything yet? I just sent my second inquiry to Ship Naked. No response from the first inquiry and no shipping confirmation (including checks of my spam folder)... I haven't received anything from Ship Naked with regards to this project. Did hear from them on another project last week. I filled out the form hopefully I'll hear back. I'm still waiting on Ship Naked too... I did get a delivery confirmation from them on another project, so at least they know I exist! That's true. It's almost here... I'm hoping to get the notice this week as the confirmations went out last week. Yeah i think we're all frustrated by the delays marc but atleast its finally almost here The odd thing is, with an April delivery date, I was hoping to get to play this before going back to school (I teach) next week. Looks like that's probably not going to happen. I hope FoE goes better with fulfillment as I backed that too. During the FoE campaign, the FAQ / Info at the bottom said that DRV would be delivered during the FoE campaign and that it was on the way. That could mean that it was loaded on the ship during that time, but it's been a good and long time and I'm slightly frustrated with this. KS projects routinely deliver late, and this isn't the KS I had to wait for the longest after the expected delivery date, but it's still frustrating that I won't be able to play this before the school year starts. Ah well. It is what it is. Still no contact from Ship Naked, either in the form of shipping or address confirmation, nor to my direct inquiry to them... Any word on where ship naked is with fulfillment on this one? Hoping to get it this week for game night! No confirmation from Ship Naked for this game for me either. I got confirmation from a different game, but they haven't sent me one for this one. They missed my name for another game earlier this year. Do they always have problems with backers that may have multiple projects with them? Can you check and see that they have actually sent notifications to all backers of DRV? Got my address confirmation 8 days ago with nothing since. Got an email yesterday from them and got excited but it was just an address confirmation for 2 other kickstarter games, dreamwell and retreat to darkmoor by action phase games, that are also being prepared to be shipped out XD @MMG: Any update on when ShipNaked will ship out the games? I was hoping to play it sometime this summer before the school year starts again and I have a full teaching schedule. I have not even received the address verification! I will contact Ship Naked tonight when I get home from work. It shouldn't, but it freaks me out to have to chase them to get this done... Hope this can be sorted out! This is one of two products I backed that are "lost in space" with Ship Naked! Got an address confirmation email on Friday (live in Pac NW), but nothing since in either of my inbox or junk folders. It said they "will be shipping in the future once campaign processing is finished." So I'm guessing that, whatever campaign processing is, ShipNaked is not quite done with it. Haven't gotten anything from shipnaked yet either. Nothing in Spam folder : ( Still no confirmation email, BTW... @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for that info! I was wondering if I should take action yet having not received a confirm... Got my confirm email days ago. Still nothing on actual shipping. Are all the packages coming from usa or from regional distribution points? Does this mean we can expect a shipping notification soon? Still no email from Ship Naked : ( got the address confirmation email from ship naked, Portland OR. Still no notification for me (SW USA) : ( Same as Martin Montreal, QC, Canada, just received my address verification! Just got my address verification too. I hope that means our shipments should follow shortly. Got mine as well here in the USA! Just had an email from Ship Naked for confirmation of my address. Looks like the EU shipping might begin soon! Anyone received shipping confirmation yet? thx for update. looking forward to get this on my table @Magic Meeple Thanks for the information! I check my email compulsively looking for the shipping confirmation! Four months isn't terrible at all, especially when we have pictures of the final product. I'm excited to see a confirmation that shipping started though. Yeah...4 months late...not terrible in Kickstarter terms, but disappointing since we don't even know if the ship has docked or if the distributing agent has the games.... Honestly, I just am really excited about the idea of trying this game out! Yeah the delays were pretty crazy :( I hope they start arriving soon Yup! Project funded on August 12th of last year! I'd love to know if the shipment arrived in the US yet. I know that MMG were awaiting confirmation over GenCon. Has it already been a year since this game has been funded? not a complaint, just an observation. We should start seeing it in mail soon. Anyone get a shipping confirmation from Ship Naked yet? From the Fire of Eidolon campaign: "Special Darkrock Ventures promo card included for all backers of Fire of Eidolon. KS Limited-Exclusive Bonus! Our extra special appreciation for the backers that got us here! Thank you! BONUS! Every Kickstarter copy of Fire of Eidolon will include an exclusive promo for our previous project, Darkrock Ventures! Thank you to all of the backers that helped us get here today!!" So... A) Thank you, DV backer, for your support! Enjoy this Limited/Exclusive card as a token of our thanks and appreciation. B) Thank you, DV backer, for your support! Go buy a game you don't want for $24 for a token of our thanks of our thanks and appreciation. ... I don't know about you but one of those options sure sounds more "special appreciation" and thankful than the other. The other sounds like a lure to buy a new game, which is fine as a business move but don't mask it as a thank you. I guess I have 33 hours to decide whether or not to pay the ransom and get the promo card. Lets just hope two things, 1) I won't like FoE so I don't have to ransom up for the FoE promo in the next campaign. 2) The announced plan to include a promo from the last game in the new game campaign stays at 1 promo from LAST game only. If it starts being 'buy our new game and get exclusive promos from our last 2 games' then I'll go nuts. @Magic Meeple Games I greatly appreciate you letting us know the progress! I can't wait to see the shipping notice from Ship Naked! An update of any kind would be great @Magic Meeple Games I should have said, "more" news. Per your last post we may see the start of deliveries in the next week to 10 days. I couldn't be more excited! @Magic Meeple Games The game looks fantastic in those pictures! Really hope there is news soon on fulfillment! @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for responding! Good to know! I agree with Grayson, that paper doesn't leave much to protect the game box. You must have delivery services who take much greater care in Arizona. I fear for my game box underneath that paper wrapping. � Thanks for the update! Thanks for the update about the shipping and the Promo Card. I hope that ship has smooth sailing with the wind at her back! From the FoE campaign: "Every Kickstarter copy of Fire of Eidolon will include an exclusive promo for our previous project, Darkrock Ventures!" Is this promo available outside of the FoE campaign? @MMG Hey guys, did you ever get a card count list and size confirmation? If you did and could share it with us, I'd appreciate that. Thanks! Can't wait to see an email from Ship Naked! any chance I can still update my mailing address Fantastic! Any luck on that update? @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for letting us know what you know! Looking forward to the new shipping update! Hello, would like to hear if there is any news about shipping.. Even an update saying your are waiting for answer just like me would be great. Thank you! @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the link, I wasn't a winner : ( Congratulations to all the winners! Thank you also for the info on manufacturing and shipping! @Magic Meeple The giveaway closed on 06/20/2016, where can we see the results? I'm hoping to find my name among the winners ; ) Also, any update on production and delivery? @Creator Check the Scythe updates if you can, the Canada Post strike will absolutely impact your shipping! @Rainer Ahlfors No, it is not. No offense intended to Magic Meeple... @Greg: It's not a Magic Meeple game ... While we all wait for Darkrock Ventures, take a look at Lairs <url>#1 included in our DRV pledge from stretch goals? Or is it something backers and non-backers alike both have to buy in addition to base game? @Magic Meeple Games Great update and fantastic news! @Magic Meeple - I know, but there's still that faint twinge when I hear about a game not using linen finish . . . Ever since I first played Battlestar! I'm sure you'll do us proud with the board though :D @Magic Meeple Games Fantastic! Thanks for all your hard work and creativity! @Magic Meeple Any chance your next update (coming soon I hope) will indicate shipping estimates? I have to say, there was a little twinge inside when I read about not getting the linen finish, but it makes sense given that UV Spotting was a stretch goal. Still . . . Linen finish :p @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the update...and the 14" board! Things are looking great! Any ETA on shipping? @Magic Meeple Games Fantastic! Can't wait for the news! Any news on that picture we saw on Facebook? Great update! Can't wait actually unbox this game! Thanks! @Magic Meeple Games How about an official update? Even a short note would be appreciated! That's definitely foresight with doing the components in advance! Hopefully this won't delay it by too much. Thanks for the quick response! You guys are great at this! Push the button on printing? The cards / boards aren't printed yet? Won't that make this a little late? (I'm cool with that, just asking.) when the games start shipping? I saw the picture on Facebook! I love the pre-production prototype boxes! Looking forward! @Magic Meeple Games Great to have an update! It is also great to have another game to look forward to from you all! +1 anticipating an update... Hope for a update soon. This will be a fun game, can't wait until It releases. I am so pumped for this game. The layout reminds me a bit of Alien Frontiers, which is an amazing game. Hey fellow backers of Darkrock Ventures: Take a look at Nightmare Forest: Dead Run Simple mechanic and great art! Just another possible game to follow while we wait to go asteroid mining! Managed to have a brief look, looks good so far! @Magic Meeple Games I love the look of the new dice and the meeples! I hope you health issues pass... For those that frequent BGG they are having their annual "most anticipated games" thread. <url>#item4336575 Vote for Darkrock! The big guns are having contests for their products, but I would love to see this game make the list. @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for dropping in on the thread! @MagicMeepleGames Nevermind. I realized I had two different pledgemanager accounts. Found it. @MagicMeepleGames I just realized I don't think I did the pledge manager. It went to an old email address, and I think it's been removed from my box. @Magicmeeples, Hello lads, how is the final version of the PnP doing? any news? @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the great news! Hope you all have a safe and hHappy New Year! @Magic Meeple Games Will we see another update in January? Spaceos for the win I have a change in address, How can I change that so my item doesn't get sent to the old one? @MagicMeepleGames - I have yet to get the PledgeManager email. I was told that it was resent. I watched my email like a hawk and nothing came. I am trying to locate an account on the pledgemanager site with the email I used here. The button for finding your account doesn't seem to do anything. Can anyone help me? @Magic Meeple Games. Thanks for the update. @MagicMeepleGames It sounds like the board is possible, which would be great! Thanks for your time and the update! Such a tease =) Any new word on the board size? @Magic Meeple Games Here's wishing you all the best in this endeavor. I agree that your talent (more than luck) will carry you through! Thanks for touching base with us out here! @Nicolas: Luckily, it can be! Come January, it will be a mere 3 months away! @Magic Meeples Games: You're welcome. However, thank YOU for bringing us fun and entertainment through games. I wish April 2016 could be closer than 5 months away. That's awesome - follow your dreams! Good luck.....although I'm sure as long as you keep doing what you do so well, then luck won't be needed :) @Magic Meeple Games Love the dice, and can't wait to see your game hit our gaming table! @Mark: You should be able to just log in here (using your KS email address): <url>"promoted" Darkrock Ventures too on other closed Kickstarters in the hopes to draw more attention to the game which I hope actually helped Magic Meeple receive more pledges of support. Best of luck to you, even though we clearly don't agree here : ) I don't think you understand why that might be inappropriate, so I'll just opt not to argue it further. I'll consider looking if the campaign owner promotes it. Otherwise, personally, I specifically avoid KS projects advertised in unrelated campaigns. @Rainer Ahlfors Magic Meeples game is fully funded, so my mentioning another game does not compete with them. I learned about Darkrock Ventures from a similar set of comments on the thread of another game I had backed. The Kickstarter community (at least the game portion) often shares things they find interesting about ongoing projects on threads of finished projects. More games and more cross promotion helps everybody win. I hope you'll check out some of the other games out there... @Greg: Why are you marketing other projects in the campaign of an unrelated company? Seems unfair to Magic Meeple ... Anybody else interested in Road to Infamy? They are reportedly planning component upgrades as we saw here with Darkrock Ventures! The game looks well designed and fun... For any checking out RAGNAROLL... A fifth player option is being added! I hope some of you will take a look... @Rainer Åhlfors Magic Meeple is a game company run by gamers and not marketers! I love when the smaller projects get their chance against some of the bigger players! Another struggling little company has a Kickstarter I hope you'll check out...RAGNAROLL. The creator of RAGNAROLL, like the folks at Magic Meeple, is very active and responsive to both the threads and any PMs. I agree with all the recent praise! This was a campaign well run, and backers well cared for! @Magic Meeple Games I am sincerely excited about your game and am thrilled to have participated in your Kickstarter. I love games, like yours, built by gamers for gamers! In addition to your attention to this thread, you have used every opportunity to make your game better and better looking. It is going to wow my game group, who do not follow Kickstarter campaigns (we are a bunch of old Grognards)! @Cal "crblackhawk" Rasmussen I have to agree that it is really great the way Magic Meeple has kept up their communication! I like backing smaller projects that are the love child of fellow gamers! If anyone reading this is looking for another dice management game, take a look at RAGNAROLL. The creator is very active in the thread for his game, and like the good folks here at Magic Meeple deserves a shot at getting his game made. @Magic Meeple Games. Awesome! Thank you for the reply. Projects like this that reply to the backers are awesome and makes me want to back new projects from them! So thank you again. You have earned a continuous supporter! Any more news on the board yet? @Magic Meeple As of this update it sounds like there will be both a survey and pledge manager combined, did I read that right? @Magic Meeple Will we be receiving a survey or is your next planned step the Pledge Manager? Create and send an email link for us KS supporters so we can send it out to our mailing lists. Awesome! Really excited about all the hard work you've done! When can we expect to see one of them kickstarter forms to fill out? Being very new to the KS process, I was wondering when the link to the PNP deluxe was going to post. The final version looks superb. Gonna really enjoy bringing this to my gaming group. Oops wrong comment section! Will the semihex pattern be printed edge to edge on the 3X4 matts? The examples on the Campaign page appear to be 3X4 proportionally, and that is how they look. Also, I am assumiing the colors shown are the options available (and that the colors will print close to these examples). This is by far one of the best companies I've backed. Not only are you guys completely transparent and open but you've provided us with so many Stretch goals that it isn't even funny. I can't explain how stoked I am for this game. Please continue you to keep us up to date on everything! Good luck, now the hard part begins! When can we expect to see some sort of survey thing? Will the Print-n-Play also include a larger board for printing? @Chris Scroll down in Campaign: there is a video by "Table for Two". Excellent!! Shows you how the game is played. Does someone know where I can see a play through of this game. It looked interesting in word and concept which is why i backed it but I still would like to see it in action @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for responding about the co-op rules. The standard game play-thoughs I've viewed look awesome! The added feature of a co-op/solo play feature is very exciting, as I game with a group that favors co-op games. You all have really created a fantastic game and I thank you! @MMG - Along with other backers I'm very pleased with your enthusiasm and generosity. However, try not to make too many promises. If you can't deliver on anything or the project runs late on delivery the tide will turn and there will be a mob telling you how terrible you are, if not questioning your honesty and ethics. It's great that you're doing all you can for us, but try not to get your hands too tied up ;). Good luck to you sir, I'm very pleased to have helped make your first KS project a reality. Thanks so much everyone! What an amazing campaign and I look forward to joining you on the next one! :) Great update, thanks! I appreciate the transparency on the board size, hope you will be able to make the increase happen. And if not, I am confident you tried. Is there a rule set that can be viewed for the solo/cooperative rules? I have read through some of the comments and postings, but haven't seen a link. I love that this game is coming out and also add myself in the group of followers you have won over with your fantastic communication and handling of this kickstarter! Congrats Ian! You guys are doing great! Early morning here in Sweden and what an update waking up to, just great! MMG has managed this KS-campaign like they never done anything else! You have listened to us as your investors and customers. Looking forward to follow your company in the future! Best of luck!! Wow, fantastic update for an amazing finale of an awesome game! I was on edge for the whole of the last day and night! Love that one of my final messages was read out in the live play and more so in the update, got that warm fuzzy feeling! +1 Extra $1-2 to make sure big board is viable if need be. Enough rambling... Well done everyone! First of all.. thank you guys for an awesome campaign. :) just saw now how well it made it. im very excited to get this one to my door. And second of all, love the last update, you guys are pushing every button, to make our bigger board happen, like the way you have worked with us backers and heard our oppinions about the hole thing. so i hope it will come with that 14"x14" , and as many other ppl said, i would also like to pledge a few more $ to make it happen. BUT. lets see how everything turns out. and for now just be happy with this awesome game/campaign. Cheers! Looking forward to the final quote. Would be awesome to get a bigger board, but do what you gotta do because all I want is that game to arrive at my doorstep with me dancing fanatically. Congratulations, nice job everyone :) I'll have no problem adding $1-2 for a bigger board. I rather say "oh, thats's big", then "that's a little small". Cheers! I am definitely looking forward to this game! I backed this game in the last hours and am so pleased to be a participant! I was a late backer of Zombicide BP (where I heard about Darkrock). The game looks great and I am really excited about the cooperative rules. The group I game with loves cooperative games. +1 for the idea of kicking in another $1 on the pledge manager toward the larger board. While the bigger board would definitely be nice, the pessimist in me thinks the smaller board might actually be the better option. Two of the projects I've backed have ran out of money mid-fulfillment due to unexpectedly high shipping costs (mainly caused by SGs), and I'd hate that to happen to this one as well. Congratulations Michael, Ian, Trish, and anyone else at Gamelyn. Now... get some rest. You guys probably all need it. Here's to hoping that nobody wakes up to a haboob tomorrow :p Congratulations! Ooh its 900. My mistake but still hope we can get it though. We were 400 short for the bigger board. Lets hope we can still get it...lets wait for the update. Congrats! Ian and Magic Meeple! Good job everyone! This gonna be a great game. Hopefylly we gonne get the bigger board. DRW would never loose buyers due to a bigger board. But maybe the other way around. But I'm really glad we made this game what it is now! Can't wait to play it. Cheers!! Congratulations on a successful campaign! =) Congratulations to Ian, Michael, and all of us fans. Well done! CONGRATS!!!! Congrats to everyone! We will all hopefully find a way to that bigger board that my bratwurst fingers need so bad!!! Just have an add on for a dollar to donate towards the upgraded board. Problem solved. Alright! Congrats on a great campaign! Yeah if we all just kick in a buck more we'll have it, during the survey step! Just need everyone to add 75 cents Everyone could add a couple dollars to their pledge during the Survey.... I would. REALLY??? Just shy of $900 to get the better board! I going to refer to it as the little boy's board. So close, great work though! 226% funded, awesome work everyone!!!! I forgot to say that... Impressive indeed!!!! That's disappointing. Sooo close. I guess we'll have to get by with the little girls size board. Oh well. Wow, two days with you full-time on the campaign trail and I was on the edge of my seat! I had that logo at the top of 5 other game threads, and the adrenaline was pumping! Just $876 short of the bigger boards, that was epic!!! All I can say is that I will very very much be looking forward to getting this game in the post! :D Right on!! Way to go, guys!! Looks like an incredibly awesome game!! Can't wait. Woo! Go us! WooHoo! Congratulations, @MagicMeeple! 963 backers, $56,624 raised, and after things looked so doomed in the first week, we knocked a heckuva lot of stretch goals out of the park! Way to go, everyone! ...now to begin the waiting... Congrats to you guys!!! Was gonna pledge $900 more but decided not to. Sorry :) Drum roll... Congrats Quick, someone pledge another $1k! :) 5 min!!! Thanks Trish John I am hoping for a small miracle for the bigger board @Vas - The x6 was intended for game stores. Pretty solid discount overall. Too bad there is not an option for Gamestores. I got the x2 goal Just so I could put one on my Playtest shelf and one on my actual shelf. Wow, it's like more backers are trying to eBay snipe this. � HI Magic Meeples Just wondering as we are going to be only $1.5K off the bigger board stretch goal which is very close. Any chance that you can fulfill this goal anyway? I would feel ripped off if the retail version was a larger board Thanks John 64 minutes to go! As a late backer myself who has followed this game, i kept checking back in, and not only has the progress of the game blown me away, but the development of stretch goals, content, well balanced elements, and fantastic community, backers and creator alike are amazing. If you are watching and wondering, go for it, this is a great fun game, and not an epically long one, like most worker placement ones are. I was convinced without a doubt by the game and the creators replies to me! Just $1711 to go for the bigger game boards now, if you want another copy (Christmas presents), why not?! 26 Twitter followers needed, join, get your friends on Twitter to join and tweet... So close!! Facebook, we smashed it, thank you everyone, last target reached! So close to a larger board and breaking 1k backers! What a day! Woot! 450 FB likes! Come on! Bigger board are just around the corner!! <url>"x10"x2.5" for anyone else who would have to actually look that up. @Ian Just so you know, the facebook/twitter link on the stretch goals image is broken. It all takes you to your twitter account. Not sure if you were aware so I wanted to give you a heads up! Thanks! @Creator/Ian, although I missed the bulk of the campaign (was checking in), the buzz is truly amazing! This project has blown me away from a maybe to a must have! So much so I approached a games company I love in the UK as it fits them perfectly. Let's see where that goes, but I see stretch goals falling!!! If your Avatar is still not representing this game, change it up for this one that I made (and our creator approved) or the others on the campaign page: <url>"thank you" enough and am thrilled to see what happens in the next 7 hours. Cheers! I think I'm going to be on the edge of my seat for the next ~7 hours, hoping we get another ~$5k+ in pledges. The amount of Stretch goals in this KS are Astounding. You my good people know how to treat your backers. I am so pumped for this game. @Caleb - Yup. It's a pretty impressive run at this point. I've lost count of just how many times the hype level has increased for me. 8 hours left, can we get that bigger board? So many goals crushed! I would be strongly considering buying multiple copies of this game with all of the Kickstarter content. Great work guys and hopefully one last surge to get the larger board. I will keep an eye out for your future campaigns (at least I hope there will be future ones). The game is better every time I check on the progress of the campaign! Very exciting to see so many venturers smashing SGs into little, dark rocks. Woohoo! Spot UV! At this point, we are truly getting a SUPER high quality product. There are a couple of goals left to take this to the next level, but what's been accomplished so far is nothing short of amazing! @Koendert - Awesome! We are thrilled to have you onboard! @Josh / Jan - Thank you! Mr and Mrs Meeple are stellar organizers and have a real passion for this sort of thing. I can tell you for certain that they are even more committed to making this a great product than you can imagine. OK, head cheerleader, signing off. I am sure there will be an update fairly soon, once the chaos of the domestic morning has passed. (I work at 6am, so I get my crazy out early.) If you are a BGG member go over and thumb this entry and comment on it etc....maybe we can get some more backers from there in the last 12 hours!! <url>#20018275 Ahhh Its nice to wake up and see 50K and UV......Now lets get that bigger board!!! I have just bludgeoned one of your current ones and your boardgame itself together using photoshop... here it is: <url>" board.....A nice SG to wake up to here in Sweden. By the way, this is one of the best managed KS I´ve supported. All other game developers should look at how this Kickstarter is executed and do the same. I'm so amped about backing this project. Just a bit more Continued from msg below: Per Wikopedia, "Due to the normally high solids content of UV coating/varnish the surface of the cured film can be extremely reflective and glossy." I can see this being a net negative rather than a plus, if the glare keeps you from reading the highlighted text on the board at certain angles . . . I would favor the larger board. 14 inches folded in quarters is only 7 in, so I would hope that it would not need a larger box. I'm a little concerned that the UV gloss would make the text hard to read in critical areas, depending on the lighting. Come on peeps. I need that bigger board!!!! My big fat hands thank you in advance!!! Bigger board!!! Much needed. Heres hoping we get there! Whoa, over 800 backers now! Hurry...we meet the next goal.....delicious juicy UV spots before you get it wrote....lol!!! I'm with Jan, Morten, Brant and Chuck for the14" board. I can procure/make a dice tray. Magic Meeples awaits with anticipation, hand on CTRL V for the pasting of a green Unlock!! ;-) Less than 500 from MORE CARDS!!! Woot Woot!!! Maybe a stupid question. but is there some sort of "mail list", newsletter or something you can subscribe to, to get info on upcoming games and such? don't want to miss cool stuff ;) I'm with Morten, Brant and Chuck. 14" board. I always use a dice tray. Im with Brant and chuck. the dice tray in the lid is not so importent (to me at least), maybe im just silly also, because I always try to take good care of my games, and i would be sad to se a lid crash/break in a corner due to unlucky use :) so. i'll also put my coin to the bigger board. Also would like to see what comes up next. and can't wait to try this game, looks like lots of fun :) I agree with Chuck. Use the money for a bigger board or just save it for your next project's development costs if the board size increase becomes infeasible. I'd like to see what your company does after this. My single opinion is that I could careless if the interior box has art on it...I use dice trays anyway..again just this backers opinion. I would put everything into a larger board at this point, for me at least...I hope the information that you gather comes in favorable. Silly question ... if I pledge $1 now, will I be able to get the KS version of the game as an add-on through PledgeManager? Thanks. Thanks Barry, that made my day! :D @Rich You've made an excellent choice for a first Worker Placement game. As Mr and Mrs Meeple will attest to, I normally have QUITE the "strong" reaction to worker placement games. In fact, I've been known to get quite animated about my opinions thereof, and yet I love this game. Couldn't be happier with the way it turned out! This will be my first worker placement game. I am excited to get it on the table. My two cents, I would prefer a 14 x 14 board over Spot UV if it comes down to a one or the other decision. Just jumped in. looks like a very cool game, looks forward to play it for sure. :) Another one bites the dust! The sheer amount of tail being kicked in the last few days is stunning, humbling, and thrilling. There are too many verbal and literal high-five's going around the Magic Meepleverse to count. You all rock, keep it up! Hey - you asked about board size. While I get the small-board feel and small table footprint, I think the 14" is a good size. Still smaller than many games, but makes it feel a little more "produced." I'd be a fan of that size, if it all fits. #DRVbacker Almost have more CUSTOM MEEPLES!!!! Option C for sure. I think you are running a great campaign....wasn't sure whether to back a week ago, but couldn't say no with all that you've achieved with the game to date! Here's hoping we smash through another handful of stretch goals (they all sound great)! I may be in a minority on this, but I don't really want to upgrade the normal meeples as i want them to be very different from the captains, and therefore easily identifiable. I'd prefer that money go towards any of the other stretch goals first. I may be an outlier, but I like the 12x12 board. I've become a fan of big play value in small, portable formats. @creator Great update......I'm still in for a 14" board. :) While I was reading comments about player aids & board sizes, it looks like we passed another stretch goal. Woo, upgraded player boards! I think the larger board is a great idea. 14" board...please I like option C also. New players and my kids almost always use reference cards as reminders. Also helps if it's been a while since playing. I can make and print my own sheat-sheet. I can't print my own 14" board :) @Creators, do you have any intention on increasing the size of the board? 15 inches would be good. And also, sometimes you don't play the game for a while and you and up forgetting how it is played and you don't have time to go through the rulebook all over again, so it is good to have a cheat sheet. Option C, It is much easier to explain for new people how the play the game with reference sheets. Option "A"....and a 14" board I think option "B" would be better. I find the addition of a couple little cheat sheets very handy while teaching a new card/ board game to anyone. Having played many times on the 10" board, I think the 12" upgrade is near mandatory, and 14" should still better still, especially with the custom tokens having dimensions that may be larger than the original cubes. I'm all for the idea. LIVE play is happening right now: <url>–I'm genuinely sorry if you found my words to be snarky or insulting in any way; that was not my intent at all. I was only trying to share my enthusiasm & perspective on Twitter and the great community I've found there among hobby game designers & enthusiasts. I had soured on Twitter for a long time myself, and it was the gaming community that really drew me back in and made it a great place to be again. I apologize for any distress I may have added to, and I hope it hasn't soured you on evangelizing according to your own strengths & preferences—I certainly haven't talked *in person* to 60+ people about Darkrock Ventures! Thanks for all you're doing! @MagicMeeple –I'd definitely welcome a little-bigger board. I played on the 10" board, which was too small. I think 12" would be perfectly serviceable, though it would still *feel* a little small. I don't think the board should go over 14" (unless bigger components come along for the ride), or I think the board might feel too sparse; probably it'll need a bit of an art overhaul to take advantage of all that extra space, if you do go with 14". Maybe really make the asteroid a bigger hero on the board. I'm getting really excited about the game, the more stretch goals we rack up; Darkrock Ventures was a good value before, but now I'm going to have a real hard time waiting for it to arrive. The next couple days are going to be awesome; I just know it! We got Meeples!!!!! Kaboom! Meeple Time! A. Back of book reference is fine. Save the money for a bigger board!! I would love to see a larger board...I have bratwursts for fingers...so I knock everything around when I play Catan ;-) Bigger is better...... Just a note on the Facebook/Twitter thang.......I am impartial to both....I use them...I personnlay like Facebook better....but thats just a personal choice.....but...as Ashley was stating...I can see where she is coming from...albeit another "site"......I am always "surprised" on how many backers are not active users on BGG or not a member at all...I just can't imagine being a board game looney ( I assume we all are ) ....and not belonging to BGG.....but thats why they make a green car, red car, yellow car etc... By the way ashley...you are not an idiot by any means quite the opposite...I appreciate your enthusiasm at your FLGS.....tweets, no tweets...we are all in this together! I like the idea of a compact game, however normally I play with a group. So for me a larger board would be awesome. I'm happy either way though. Glad to see more stretch goals have been surpassed and others added! @creator I'd love a bigger board. I don't need a huge board but I think that 14"x14" is better. That's a litte bit more airy. And I think this great game diserves that. (excuse my Swedish English) :) @teel and yeah good job I guess for telling me im an idiot because I don't use twitter and really classy of the creator of the game to back you on calling me an idiot because I spent an entire day of mine trying to get people to use the social media outlets that you guys are obviously big fans of, to support this project and they said they don't tweet. so I think then now ill just do something else instead of trying to get people interested in this. so yeah thanks for the snarky feedback I wont mention my enthusiasm for this game AGAIN @ creator like I said it all well and good to say that but if either of you would please just get a small percent like say %5 of these THOUSANDS of people who are using twitter to follow then we would smash that social goal. so im not upset that we likely wont be getting those cards and I can tell both you guys adamantly are twitter users but I simply don't see results. and I WANT TO. please prove me wrong so I can get those 2 extra cars. its like your insistent that this will work and im just asking you to let me know when it does. and for the record I remember myspace and there are still people that sound just like you defending it against facebook. personally I just don't really care it was just an observation, and the numbers I gave as part of my observation were not made up they were me asking ACTUAL people that shop in game stores. im going to go tomorrow to banes and nobles and hang out for a while and ask people there. hopefully it bear fruit I also think this will be a great game and I can't wait to play it. Just wondering, isn't 12"x12" a bit small with all meeples, tokens and dices? Especially in a 4-5p game. It's a pitty if all you see is the the things put on the board and nothing of the artwork and text on the board. Maybe 16"x16" would be better? I understand if this is a problem change. @teel yeah I know people are on twitter but obviously (since we arnt hitting those social SG's) it seem like a lot. perhaps you could tweet to those millions of people about this game and then get them to retweet and then my on SILLY LITTLE NONISSUE would be resolved. its all good and well to say how vast and iclusive twitter is but I STOPPED using it because ei found that mostly I was getting useless unimportant tweets about stuff that I really had to way of interacting with other than to tweet or re tweet. and, this has nothing to do with this game, but I felt that forcing people to express them selves in like 300 or so characters leads to misunderstanding and bullshit. I cant tell you how bored and sick I am of seeing people villianized or attacked because they sent out a tweet that maybe didn't exactly express their ideas exactly. So in short Ive been there and seen that and was unimpressed which is why I don't tweet anymore. and why I would guess that the 60+ people I asked in the game store (which is this projects target market after all) also did not tweet or had any interest in tweeting. I seriously WITH NO ANTITWITTER AGENDA ask everyone I met if they would tweet about this so we could hit these social SG's and only a handful said they used twitter. not my demographic and I don't care if other people are plugged into the twitterverse. I just noticed that in the last year or so that the people I know and am around don't tweet anymore. Oh man, only 6k to go for linen finish and we haven't even hit the 48 hour mark? I'm so excited to see the sharp spike in pledges! @ashley –I'd guess it's in part because there's an *amazing* community of thousands of board game designers, reviewers, and enthusiasts on Twitter, all talking together, working together, sharing ideas, talking about the games they're playing and loving (and hating), so if you're part of it, it seems like a great, big, inclusive family of hobby gamers are all on Twitter. I definitely encourage you to dig in and see what you're missing! Plus, over on Twitter, all your tweets go to all your followers—whereas on Facebook, a Page's posts get filtered *unless you pay Facebook* to only go to a small percentage of the people who 'Liked' that Page. (Last time I checked, it was around 8%.) The more you pay, the bigger percentage of your Fans will see your posts—and you have to pay *per post*! More people may be on Facebook, but you need at least 10x the "Likes" (vs. Twitter followers) or a big marketing budget to reach the same number of people. Re: The specific goals on this project, I'd guess they just picked the next round number up from whatever they were at when the campaign began—so they asked for 500 Twitter followers because they probably had over 450 to start with... and only asked for 300 FB likes because they only had over 250 FB likes to begin with. (But I may be wrong; I didn't make a note of their starting numbers—that's just the normal way to do social goals like this.) Ooh, but if there's a particular hot, new social network you think they should be sharing info about their game on, where building a large friend/fan/follower base would be beneficial to spreading the word about the game (more than Twitter & Facebook), I'm sure they'd love to hear about it (though it might be a bit late to add a stretch goal for it). (There's definitely already quite a bit of visibility on places like BGG & Reddit, but those are in no easy way quantifiable into stretch goals, for example.) oh just one thing. I know a lot of people, I game with tons of people, but I don't really know anyone at all that tweets anymore. so how come the twitter social goal is so much higher? I mean its just a silly little thing and I guess the couple of extra cards we would get for that social goal are not that big of a deal but to me its kind of like you asking for 500 myspace friends lol. its just me and most (if not all of my friends) simply don't use that service much. I actually hung out at my local game store 2 days ago and asked EVERYONE that came in the store the entire day weather or not they used twitter and if so would they please tweet about this and I got like 2 people out of 60+ that day. hey guys ive been backing this campaign from the start and I just wanted to take a moment and tell you what a great job you guys are doing. I love the SG's and will note that having good SG's like you guys have really helps with the funding process. I fell RIGHTNOW that im getting a great deal on an awesome game and I respect and appreciate the fact that you guys didn't pile on a bunch of add ons. so as of now im a big fan and as long as this game is a good one (and il t looks like it is) then ill be an auto backer for your next campaign (if its run like this) and many after. just really nice job!! 12x12" total. If each panel of the board were that size, the board would be 24x24" and extremely sparse. Maybe this question has been answered earlier.....but is the game board 12"x12" fully laid out, or is it 12"x12"x4 (stated earlier that it's quad foalded)? I hope someone understand my question :) 2 more cards....and meeples are on deck!!!!! You are all awesome! Another great way to wake up in the morning. 40k and shiny new meeples is just a stone's throw away. We always manage to wake up with a smile the last few days. Let's keep rocking it, and see how far we can go! 39 K thanks to a Darkrock Ventures which will join a French gamer collection! Another one bites the dust......hey hey...... Welcome to the party Caleb!!! Welcome Caleb and all the other new backers! Get ready for the really fun part... Just need 2 more twitter follower and/or 13 more FB likes to unlock more cards! Gogogo! I am new to kick-starter. This is the first project I have backed and I must say I am really impressed with the game and community. I am excited and can't wait to play. Way to go guys, keep it up! Whoa! Things are really starting to move now. Ian just updated the team on the next potential stretch goals. You have no idea how stoked I am right now! Awesome, that should bring some more to the party!! followed on twitter and liked on facebook. *waves pom poms* Ohhh! Only got onboard today. A worker placement game with a co-op expansion... Count me in! This looks awesome. Love the theme Bring on the MEEPLES!!!!!!!! MUST HAVE THEM!!! Alright! Great news to wake up to. Dont forget to like them on Facebook and/or follow them on Twitter! 3 more free stretch goals to be had if we meet the numbers! SOLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I just noticed something... We are 21 Facebook Likes and 11 Twitter followers away from unlocking two more Corporate Sponsor cards. This doesn't sound too hard, let's make this happen today! What will the Magic Meeples bring us today in stretch goals.......one ponders over their respective asteroids........ Another one bites the dust!!!! Woohoo! $37k stretch goal is busted! That's 2 more in the last 24 hours. This is some awesome momentum. Just wanted to let everyone know that an update will be forthcoming soon with what's next. The next couple of goals have me pretty excited, and I'm sure they will have you excited as well, as soon as Mr Meeple is coherent enough to write an update. I just posted about the solo and coop mode stretch goal met at BGG....come over and thumb it, comment etc....lets see if we can create a little buzz here at the end and really finish this thing strong. <url>#19987885 Solo and coop modes stretch goal met!!!! Now lets crush the cards stretch and see what else they have in store for us!!! I was sitting on a fence a little about this one originally. The recent update from Gamelyn Games about Tiny Epic Galaxies reminded me about it, and reading through the updates really made me see how you really feel for this game, so I backed it. I look forward to it, and I hope we smash some more stretch goals! I didn't realize it. But your campaign ends on my birthday. Apparently I have posted too much about this game on the /r/boardgames subreddit... so someone else go post it up! So close to Solo & Co-Op mode! I just upped my pledge and pushed it through the $35,000 mark. Very satisfying! Please back this project and get us to the co-op stretch! Coming along nicely !!!!! I prefer more cards "A" In response to the update #9 post I also have to agree that I would like 'A) More Corporate Sponsor & Research cards' as my strech goal of choice. Alright, getting dangerously close to the co-op goal! I'd rather have 'More Corporate Sponsor & Research cards' as a stretch goal. Any more news on the 2 player surprises you guys hinted at on Rahdo's "Final Thoughts" video? Keep up the good work! Cant wait to play! @teel Makes sense, that's probably how I found out about DRV! Got a chance to peek at it at Gen Con and watch a few rounds played. Excited to be a backer and can't wait, although that's pretty much what Kickstarter is about. Well, that and the great communities that develop over project comments. And love the: What shiny new package is going to show up at the front door this week? feel of the wait that is ever present with us frequent backers. Thanks Robin! My wife and I have played quite a bit with two players and have really enjoyed it. If you are into cooperative games, that mode works really well for two players also. Just hopped on board last night after seeing a post for this on my FB timeline. I visited the KS page and watch the "Table For Two" run through and decided it looked like a great 2 player option. Good luck to all in the final week! I recognize a lot of names on this project! I really appreciate the crossover support. Thanks everyone. The solo/co-op modes are just around the corner and one I'm personally looking forward to unlocking. I think this project is going to see a couple really big days right at the end. I'm going to tweet about it right now, I encourage others to follow suit! See you all at the finish line. In the July 16th update (2 days into this campaign) to Tiny Epic Galaxies backers (which is the exact target market, I'd think!) Gamelyn definitely included a link & info about Darkrock Ventures at the bottom of their post full of awesome unboxing photos—which I'd think is just the sort of update people would scroll to the bottom of... Though perhaps a lot of those backers hit the "remind me" star on DV? OTOH, Gamelyn had their TEK:HC campaign end just a few hours before this campaign began, so at that point Kickstarter fatigue might have been a factor for Gamelyn fans. It may be easier to lure them in now that we've knocked out quite a few very cool stretch goals (and a couple of weeks have passed). I agree with Raymond! I backed this primarily because I am an enormous fan of Gamelyn! Did Gamelyn send a notice of this Kickstarter out to Tiny Epic backers? There should definitely be a lot of overlap of people who like that series and those who would enjoy DRV. If it wasn't done and is plausible from a business or contract stand point I think it could really help blast these backer numbers up. May want to consider putting stretch goals further towards the top of the page....with new people coming in the final week I am sure that is one of the first things they are going to check....how many stretch goals are met and whats to come...... Woot Woot!!!! 500 backers!! That's awesome! Also hit 300 FB likes. 3 goals smashed in 24 hours! Huzzah! 500 FTW!!! Welcome aboard! Happy #500 Backer. Well, 2 people away from another stretch goal... decided to back... now one person away from the fancy dice... Great campaign thus far! I'm amazed this is your first with how well you've been communicating and adapting to comments/feedback. I think it's going to really pay off as this comes down the homestretch. Kudos and keep up the great work! 7 ;-) *ninja* Thanks Pablo! I think co-op and solo fans will be pleased with that. Also, we are currently 9 backers away from 500! That's really great news about the solo and co-op modes! Both would be fantastic additions to what is already a fun competitive game. So....Solo play, Coop play...and new tweaks or something for 2 player variant? Is that what I am hearing? So stoked for the co-op play! I've been enjoying that even more than the normal play mode. This is especially handy when teaching new players so they can learn the game without focusing on competition. Also, speaking of thumbs, this new image could use a boost: <url>— 65,000 backers for Darkrock Ventures! =) I like! Yes lets hope all these Gencon peeps will see this game and back it!! With Trish and Ian at GenCon, I'll bet we can expect the next couple SGs to fall in short order as well. I've pinged them offline about following up on what's next. If I hear anything, I'll let everyone know. Another SG bit the dust! what's next? Cool Bits are here!!! Whats next?? YEAH!!!!! What are the odds, just randomly checked the page to find us at 31,503 :D @Gianluca - Welcome aboard! @Raymond - thanks and enjoy Gen Con! (I wish I could be there...) Just finished reading the rules on ride from Detroit to Indy. Gotta love dice mitigation and worker placement with the captain throwing a wrench into other players plans here. Gen Con bound! Ready to play DRV if the opportunity arises. I'll be following Twitter looking for opps. Might even be able to get a few others with me to join in. I quickly Run through the comments and saw many faces that I meet almost in each of my KSs. particularly @Rainer @Marty and @Laura, my Tiny Epic backer family :) Hello everyone! Here we go! I'm in too! Rahdo sold me another game. He's like a virus. :D This game seems solid and variate. I'm no dice man at all, i prefer something less random, but there is enough control in this to avoid too much luck. Let's have some more stretch goal then, there is time enough :) Huge hooray for custom-shaped wooden bits! I definitely love the detailed, unique bits Gamelyn has produced, and believe they'll be a very nice improvement to the game. The new stretch goal is so close—I have no doubt we'll pass it soon… …and I hope one of the stretch goals coming up soon(-ish) are custom space-man meeples! Having played the game, I know the gameplay is solid (though more research deck cards are welcome!), so the stretch goals I'm most interested in are component upgrades to give it a little more tactility. Keep 'em coming! I'm a little late, but congrats on funding everybody! Time to knock out some stretch goals and enjoy the jubilation at Gen Con :D Can't wait to see this game on my shelf! For what it's worth, if the gameplay is good then (for me) the material the components are made out of are of secondary importance. Fortunately I'm sure DRV wont fail us on either score ;-) I tend to prefer wood pieces for no particular reason, but I agree that it's more important for the materials to be consistent. For miniatures/figures, I like plastic, but there are some cool meeple type pieces (like in Dungeon Heroes). For me, it's a matter of keeping the chosen material consistent with all components as much as possible. I am partial to wood... ;-) No wood jokes please...LOL Am i alone in preferring plastic Bits to wooden ones? :( Cool new bits for the stretch goal!!!! Lets eat thru some of these stretch goals!!! Woot! Research cards stretch goal unlocked! Ack! I got my booths and rooms mixed up. Gen Con is so giant. Scratch those last places and Tweet where you'll be. Are you guys spending any time near the Tiny Epic gang? Can't figure out where they'll be. Going to Gen Con here! Booth #2143 or demo room #144? Do you guys have a list of days and times you'll be available? Any of the backers coming to gencon? Id love to play a game or two with you! I know Ian and myself will be there demoing it. Nice video.....I think there is no way that I am not going to like it....I was just curious if it was play tested with 2-player alternates and how they came out...look forward to the announcements and nice to hear that 2-player was tested a lot! @Chuck good question. When testing and developing the game, most of my plays were with just 2 players and I didn't notice much of a difference. I think that is because each round there are spots that are clearly better than others and even with just 2 players you will be fighting over those spots. That said, with more players, you may be less likely to hire all your workers and you may be more likely to double up on spots so I can see how it may have a different feel. As Ian mentioned, there are some cool things we are working on for that for those who want a more uniform feel with various player counts. Until that is revealed though, check out this review where they play with 2 players and really seemed to like it: <url>#chart-daily It's alarming that 6 new backers today and the fund added today almost matches the day 1 funding. first time seeing this kind of craziness. It's correct. :) Let's see how awesome we can make this! Yea not sure what just happened.....but I hope its correct somehow!!!! WOW, Adam! That is totally amazing/awesome/insane... even the current stretch goals were just blown past. I'm still trying to process this. numbers don't add up. we have 16K on the pledge rewardS, not counting shipping cost. and we are sitting at 28K fund? W O W Um... what just happened? Kick the tires and light the fires, let's see those stretch goals! :D talking about Darkrock on The Nerd Nighters tonight - can't wait to see you guys at Gen Con! Thanks for the review, Ken! Let's do this! To the asteroid! Woohoo! On board, and excited for this one! game looks interesting, but it makes way more sense for "rest of the world" to wait for it to be in the shop (and discounted) rather than pay +50% to have it shipped without a real bulk order option. Let's go Darkrock! Can't wait to see you guys fund :D Welcome, Galen! Thanks for checking it out at BGGCon, I remember that game. Proud to be a backer here! I got to play a prototype at BGGCon last year, and it was excellent! Woohoo! Welcome to all new backers! Thank you for your support =) This project is inching ever forward and upward. Backers 331 and 332 can take us past $15,000 =) $14K, woot! Thanks everyone! Ooo! I would like a snazzy microbadge ... but no need for the GG =) Thanks everyone for an AMAZING first day! If anyone on Boardgamegeek.com would like a snazzy Darkrock microbadge, just let me know and I'll send some Geekgold your way: <url>"my addiction")! So excited, played a very early version of the game and it was fantastic at that point. This is the first board game I have ever backed. I loved it that much. Cannot wait to get it in my hands. @rainer - I want in on the crew. Checking back in, wow! So cool to see some familiar faces (well...names/avatars). Regarding Council of Verona, that is through Crash games. However, I'm told that the second edition should be available very soon. I'm not sure exactly where (I assume Amazon and other retailers), but it won't be a Kickstarter like before. @Laura - Council of Verona (while designed by the same designer as Darkrock Ventures) is published by Crash Games. I wouldn't think they'd be able to provide an add-on for that company. Any chance of a council of Verona add on? @Gamelyn & Magic Meeple - happy to be here. What would life be without someone taking my money? :-D Welcome everyone, what an exciting project this is going to be. Already seeing some familiar faces. I like that! @Marty McFly ;p Got to play this at Phoenix Comicon and I came back a second day to play it again as I liked it very much. Pretty much an "instant" buy for me. I got a chance to play this at Phoenix Comicon, and enjoyed it enough that I somehow managed to be backer #1 this morning. Solid gameplay, interesting decisions, risky risk-mitigation (which sounds strange, but what it feels like to *guess* I'll need to flip a die or adjust it exactly 3), and a nice theme coherent with the mechanics. Re: board size, I want to say the extra couple inches on the main board will make it "just right", but I'm more interested/concerned with the size / layout of the mining vessel cards. In the version I played (which I *think* is the same as what's on the project page) they felt a little too cramped & unclear. I don't know whether the shaped bits will be any bigger, but it was definitely a little challenging to 'read' the [empty] spaces in the cargo holds. Art design might be enough, there, but once we hit the 12x12" board I think that'll be my only reservation about the game. I'm looking forward to seeing how things turn out over the next few weeks. (And really interested to see whether we can hit that day-1 funding goal! We can do it!) Love dice. Love worker placement. Love games that play in under an hour. I'm in! What about EU friendly shipping? :) Ah, rad. Either way - stoked :) @Richard: I would agree, except I think the larger board is almost a must with the custom shaped bits, which appear to be larger. Super excited for this. Well done team. Small observation here, in a game that's small and fast like this, the bigger game board is actually unattractive (to me anyway). Bigger ain't always better, ideally you want to aim for Goldilocks - "just right". I feel like you probably have this with the original board. Hey Rainer! Where do I sign up? :) Rainer Crew in the house!!! Welcome, everyone! I'll be taking applications for people to join my crew! =P =)