Voder connects to your smartphone via Bluetooth and intelligently controls your music, maps, and messages with just your voice. Say “Voder, play James Brown” or "Voder, navigate home," and Voder’s AI will do the rest, playing sound through your car's stereo. Today, we’re very excited to announce that integrated Amazon Alexa™ support is coming to Voder! Voder will be the best way to give you the magic of Alexa in your car. Ask Alexa to check the weather, play your audio books, and much, much more powered by 1000+ Alexa skills. You can choose to shift Voder into Alexa mode at first setup inside Voder’s app. Once setup, simply say "ALEXA" and make your request. Voder has built-in support for your playlists, podcasts, and favorite streaming services. With a simple request, Voder's AI will search multiple services to find what you want to hear. Voder currently supports Spotify, NPR One, FM Radio, Podcasts, Google Play Music, Apple Music, and more. Voder even has an open API so developers can easily add support for their own services. Voder's smartphone app puts all your streaming services under one roof. No switching between apps, no tiny popup controls, just your music controlled with your voice. Use the app to connect your favorite services, once setup is complete you don’t need to touch your phone to use Voder. Voder is designed to be 100% voice controlled so you can keep your hands on the wheel. Voder announces turn-by-turn directions, reads your texts aloud, and tells you who is calling. Got a question? Kick off any request by saying “Voder," its onboard AI adapts to your voice and surroundings to hear you clearly. Voder uses a far-field beamforming microphone array and state-of-the-art digital signal processing. That's the fancy way of saying Voder hears you no matter how bumpy the road or how loud the music. No yelling necessary. Using the best of today’s speech-to-text engines, you can send text messages confidently. No need to verify your message on a screen. Voder reads them back to you so you can confirm without looking at your phone. Voder's display is auto-dimming for use day and night and is made of low-glare red LEDs to protect your night vision. With visual cues designed to be understood with a quick glance, you can keep your eyes on the road, and your attention where it matters most. Voder’s visual cues are simple: only what you need and nothing you don’t. With location search powered by Google Maps, just ask Voder how to get where you want to go— Voder will show you the way! Install the Voder app on your Android Lollipop 5.0+ or iOS 10 smartphone and pair Voder to your phone over Bluetooth. Voder uses your phone’s existing connection to talk to the internet. Every time you get in your car, Voder automatically connects to your phone and starts listening for your commands. Voder plugs into your USB or 12V power port (cigarette lighter) and connects to your car stereo via Bluetooth or auxiliary jack. Older car? The Voder Retro pack adds a cassette adapter and FM transmitter for your old-school ride. Voder mounts to your dashboard with a small magnetic plate that attaches with removable non-marking adhesive and works on all dashboards. Tired of saying "Voder"? No problem. From inside Voder's app you can choose from three distinct wake words: "VODER", "COMPUTER" and "CO-PILOT." Don’t like Voder’s voice? You can change that too. Select from the many that come preinstalled, and give your car the voice you always imagined. With the Voder Expansion Pack, Voder reveals the OBD-II info and tells you what’s actually going on under the hood. Learn your engine RPM, O2 sensors readings, vehicle speed, engine temperature, just by asking Voder. Check Engine light on? Don’t waste time and money going to the repair shop only to find out you could have fixed the problem yourself. With the Voder Expansion Pack, just ask Voderto tell you what’s wrong. With the Expansion Pack, Voder easily identifies Check Engine warning codes like EVAP and Oxygen Sensor failures, that are easy to fix at home. Voder with OBD-II connection can provide you with real-time data directly from your car, or save all the stats to your phone for later. Voder is based on our own C.H.I.P. Pro computer module and is enhanced by the power of the amazing C.H.I.P.ster community: over 100,000 strong and in over 100 countries to date, building excellent projects based on our previously Kickstarted projects C.H.I.P. and PocketC.H.I.P. Because Voder is based on C.H.I.P. Pro, you can teach it new tricks. Voder runs Gadget OS, our mainline Linux based fast-booting operating system. Like all Next Thing Co. products, Voder is Open Hardware, its software is Open Source, and of course, Voder has an open API. We take data privacy very seriously. Your data remains your data. Voder doesn’t save recordings or your location. We don’t sell your data. It’s yours. Voder connects to a number of cloud based services to respond to your commands. Whenever possible we’ve made every effort to ensure that you own your data and you’re not tracked in any way. Last year we released C.H.I.P., the world’s first $9 computer, to make it easier than ever to build software projects and hardware products. Based on a year of community feedback, we further optimized C.H.I.P. for product designers and recently released C.H.I.P. Pro. As designers ourselves, we couldn’t help but build our own product powered by C.H.I.P. Pro. We knew we wanted to use voice recognition and AI software, both of which C.H.I.P. Pro was ideal for. After much discussion, we realized that we all reached for our phones too much while we were driving. The car seemed the most natural and helpful place to implement voice and AI. The next thing we knew, we had a design spec for Voder with working prototypes. Now we’re on Kickstarter! Hello Backers! Since our last update, we have made progress in several departments. Let’s get started! Main PCB Assembly Components for Voder’s main board arrived this week! We promptly put together a functional prototype by carefully soldering them into place onto the PCB. Check out pictures of a completed board below. Audio Tests Continue As highlighted in the last update, we had finished testing 3D printed forms over the mics of a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit. The purpose of those tests was to answer the questions of mic placement and the level of noise interference during recording. The results pointed to an upward facing mic position on the main board, as you can see pictured above. Nailing down the mic placement led us to a new design of the enclosure. This iteration features two openings on the top, each with a channel reaching down and covering their respective mics. Check out pictures of these details below. When we hit the road to test how well the mics worked while enclosed in this new design, the recordings were clear and uninhibited. Voder FAQ Will Alexa voice recognition and skills work? Yes. We are currently working on an Alexa Demo. Still red LEDs? Yes, we are sticking with red LED matrices. Will Voder continue to support Alexa, Spotify, Google Play Music, and NPR One out of the box? Voder will support Alexa which includes control over the Spotify app. With Voder’s new scope we are currently not supporting Google Play or NPR One. Ask Google Anything The office has been filled with pun-heavy jokes this past week. This is due to our software team finishing a Google Assistant demo and then finding out that Google has nothing but punny jokes to share. This demo is open to the public and ready to use! You can find all the source files in our Github account . If you have a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit, you can start using it now by downloading the .chp file here and copying it to your Dev Kit using our web flasher . If you don't want to download the .chp, we've built the image into our flasher too. The demo is automated so, as soon as the device is flashed and restarted audio instructions will guide you through a one-time setup. All you need is a pair of headphones or a speaker and the WiFi antenna connected to the Dev Kit. Once done with setup, you will have the power of Google’s API at your fingertips and all the cheesy jokes your heart desires. Before going, we would like to share a couple of our favorites. Who designed King Arthur’s round table? .......... Circumference. What’s forrest gump’s password? .......... 1forrest1 See you next update! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Hello, Backers! We have audio updates, PCB updates, and more! Voder Listens Voder microphone testing is underway! First up is testing mic direction to capture an optimal audio sample from the dash of our vehicle. We designed and 3D printed physical forms to block each mic to test different paths from the input of our driver’s voice to the mics on the board. Below you see the prints being fitted on a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit which we use in Voder prototypes. We take these prototypes on the road to test how well the mics record vocals while in noisy conditions. For each mic test, after the wake word is spoken, the software captures a clip of audio, analyzes it, and whatever the software “hears” is played back followed by the original audio clip. These tests simulate what it will be like when you use Voder. Based on the performance of the mics and software, tweaks to the design and code are made to ensure Voder hears you loud and clear! Check out some video captured during our initial tests. <url>’ve had a lot of questions for us. Here are answers to your most frequently asked questions. Is Voder still a car accessory or is it just a dev board? From the beginning, Voder has been an open source development board designed for an in-vehicle experience. Software features will be released as code samples to show how they work and help you jump-start your own application. Here are the features we are currently working on: Wake-word Detection ( In development! ) Google Assistant ( In development! ) Driving LED Display ( In development! ) WiFi Network Setup ( In development! ) Alexa Mic Setup Speaker Setup Echo Cancellation Noise Reduction OBD-II Data Over Bluetooth How big is Voder? With the case on, Voder measures to the specs below. These dimensions may change slightly throughout development. Length: 88 mm Width: 77 mm Height: 30 mm Is Voder white? The white coloring you are seeing is the color of the 3D printed material we use for all prototypes. We intend for Voder’s exterior to have a dark tone to minimize reflection when inside the vehicle. Will the Voder enclosure file be open source so I can print my own? Yes! Add more openings for additional ports, print one that glows in the dark, or give Voder cat ears! We will keep addressing questions as they come our way. See you next update! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC New Name We have resolved our trademark dispute. The product formerly known as Dashbot will heretofore be known as Voder! Thank you so much for all your suggestions. Many were a great laugh. A shout out to some favorites from the community. Bashdot by UnixExOutlaw Dashy McBotface by tehCoops Dashvox by John Hoogland Vox CoPilot by Plangdon We used many of your suggestions in our brainstorming sessions. Particularly the ones that had “vox” or “voice” in the name which eventually lead us to Voder. Not only did we pick Voder because it sounded great, but it also has historical context: The Voder is what Bell Labs called their first device that electronically synthesized speech in 1939. PCB and Enclosure Progress With Gus back from having his first child (Congrats, Papa!), we now have our first manufacturing candidates of the PCBs in-house! Samples of our final components are on their way and assembly of the LED and main PCB are underway. The design for manufacture (DFM) prototype of the enclosure is coming along well. As you can see below, the latest iteration Thomas has built includes newly added features such as living hinges that depress switches on the main PCB. Next steps will be testing software with the hardware, releasing software demos, and further validation of the enclosure design and assembly. So, What is Voder Anyway? While Voder’s identity was in dispute, we had to evaluate what was most important to the product and the project. As many of you know, we here at Next Thing Co. are dedicated to making it easier to build embedded Linux products for individuals and companies of any size. So, we decided to focus on what we do best, making open source hardware and software tools for building. Our main goal for Voder is to create a product powered by C.H.I.P. Pro that uses voice recognition and AI software (two things C.H.I.P. Pro is ideal for). We see this feature-set as an exciting addition to the in-vehicle experience. Voder is a step towards this future. Rather than a polished off-the-shelf automotive accessory, Voder is a development platform designed to enable rapid creation of voice recognition products. This includes products that will bring us closer to the benefits of seamless voice-control while driving. Features and Software Progress What Features Does Voder Support? NEW: We have added GPIO and serial pin breakouts for your prototyping needs! Features are still being evaluated and will be released as confirmed. Here is a list of what Voder currently supports: High fidelity MEMS microphone array Red LED display Backup battery Micro-SD storage expansion port On-PCB GPIO and serial breakouts To keep you up to speed we will release code as software demos that will be compatible with GR8-based hardware. These demos will feature Bluetooth, Google Assistant, digital signal processing using high fidelity MEMS mics, and more. Reward Fulfillment We are truly grateful for your support for this project. We literally could not make Voder without you! Though the journey has its challenges and unexpected turns, we are committed to making Voder a reality and rewarding you for your support and patience. When will Voder ship? Now that the distracting trademark dispute is behind us, we're working hard to get Voder ready for production and on its way to you. Currently, we're estimating to ship in early 2018. Withdrawing Support We realize that Voder’s progress may not meet your expectations. If you decide to withdraw your support from this project, we will honor your decision and refund your pledges in full. We will do our best to process them sooner but refunds may take up to 90 days. To request a refund send an email to <email> with the name and email associated with the pledge. What’s Next? There have been many moving parts that we have been waiting to line up before giving an update with enough information to answer your questions. We truly appreciate your support of this project and your patience on this journey. We're so excited to see what you do with Voder and we’ll keep the updates coming, and more frequently, we promise! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Dashbackers! Let’s get you up to speed! Significant progress on the enclosure, with even more news coming soon. First, a bit about what’s been going on behind the scenes... What’s in a Name? Apparently sometimes legal action... Before we launched the Kickstarter campaign, we worked with our legal team and filed a trademark application for the name 'Dashbot'. Earlier this year, we received a cease and desist letter regarding the name ‘Dashbot’. After much discussion and the minimum required legal time, we’ve decided we’d rather not throw any more of our time or your pledge money at the right to use the name ‘Dashbot’ . To help resolve this issue, the product formerly known as Dashbot will be given a new name. While we have some internal suggestions floating around, we wanted to give you, a backer of the product formerly known as Dashbot , a voice in its rebranding! Submit your suggestions on our product formerly known as Dashbot forum ! Because we're not lawyers (though we have very good lawyers working for us) and this is still an ongoing issue, we'd appreciate you joining us in avoiding any legal speculation. As soon as this is resolved, we'll update you. Don't worry, only the name is changing. In other news, we've made great progress (see below!). The Enclosure is Getting Close. After two months of work and consultation with Gus, Thomas has finalized the next iteration of the enclosure! Taking our design prototype and redesigning with a detailed eye for enclosure manufacturing and assembly, we now have a much better sense of the product formerly known as Dashbot ’s final design. As a part of the enclosure’s redesign, the component placement within the product formerly known as Dashbot have changed (some more significantly than others). This, along with the other mechanical constraints (it has gotten just a bit larger), requires some significant revision to the PCB for a production ready layout. Gus and the NTC hardware team are on the job! More news on that when it’s ready! Take a peek at Thomas’ shop drawings for the revised enclosure! Develop for the product formerly known as Dashbot ! We’ve received a handful of messages from Dashbackers asking about how they can begin to develop for the product formerly known as Dashbot . The best and fastest way to get started is the C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit. With a C.H.I.P. Pro at its heart along with dual mics, it is essentially the developer kit for the product formerly known as Dashbot. We’ll be releasing software as it is ready, starting with a developer preview of Gadget, the software tools we’re using internally to write the code for the product formerly known as Dashbot . Stay tuned! Much Much More To Come! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ ntc Dashbackers! With the holidays, CES, and Chinese New Year all nearly behind us, it’s time to get you back up to speed! FIRST THE HOUSEKEEPING! (Email &gt; Kickstarter Messages) We’ve received a ton of questions, both in messages and on our Kickstarter comment wall. We’re reading every message and will have a response for everyone. Moving forward, the best, fastest, and most reliable way to contact us is to email <email> . NEW DASHBOT CIRCUIT BOARDS! After the campaign, we collected a series of design notes and necessary revisions to Dashbot’s internal circuit board. We’re closing in on the next iteration of Dashbot’s PCB ( printed circuit board ), which we’ll be sending out to fab over the next few weeks to continue working towards Dashbot’s final design . While this version isn’t final, it represents a significant move along the road to production. UPDATES TO THE ENCLOSURE! Along with the iteration to the PCB, we’re further refining Dashbot’s exterior. A few subtle tweaks to the enclosure help to accommodate the shifting placement of components on the PCB and ultimately will make for a much smoother manufacturing and assembly process. Part of this process is continuing to explore Dashbot's look and feel. SOFTWARE REQUESTS! One of the most common requests we’ve seen is ‘Will Dashbot work with X?’ We personally use many of the services we’ve seen requested, but for our initial release we’ll be keeping our scope limited to the services mentioned in the Dashbot Kickstarter page . Once Dashbot’s software is released, anyone can begin implementing additional features. Some NTC employees have designs on implementing a few themselves! Keep the requests coming! We love hearing how to make Dashbot better for the community! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Backers! Checkered Flag! You did it! Dashbot is funded, exceeding our goal by over 260%! Thank you so much for your support and enthusiasm over the past month. You're the best and we're so excited to have you along for the ride! \(•◡•)/ &lt;3 Over the next 8 months, we are going to take you behind the scenes to keep you up to date on Dashbot's journey to your dashboard. Look for updates along the way, full of progress, process, and videos. In the meantime, join us on the Next Thing Co. Dashbot forum where the conversation is lively! If you have any questions, please send us an email us at <email> . WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? Kickstarter needs to transfer the campaign pledge funds (which can take up to 2 weeks) so we can get Dashbot on the road to fulfillment next July. Kickstarter will charge your credit card and collect your pledge. It’s possible that the transaction may be declined due to an expired card, insufficient funds, or safety measures that require you to contact your card provider before payment can be completed. If this is the case, Kickstarter will send an automatic email to alert you. Please keep an eye open for any payment issues via email from Kickstarter. DASHBOT PRE-ORDERS! Now that Dashbot has been kickstarted, we've opened up Dashbot pre-orders at getchip.com , complete with options for both the Retro Pack and the Expansion Pack. DASHBOT PRE-ORDERS WILL SHIP AFTER KICKSTARTER FULFILLMENT. You are our earliest supporters and we're going to make sure you get your Dashbot first. FOLLOW ALONG! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for quick peeks into our process (also fun gifs) and check out the NTC Blog for fun project ideas for Dashbot and beyond! Thank you again for helping us make Dashbot possible. Buckle up, this is going to be a fun ride! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone @ NTC Thanks to your help, Dashbot is doing laps around our funding goal. There are less than 3 days left to back Dashbot on Kickstarter! Let's finish strong! Help us spread the word by retweeting this tweet ! A New Double-Special OBD-II Reward Level! We’ve seen a ton of requests for a reward level featuring 2 Dashbots with OBD-II so we added one! The 2x Expansion Pack reward gives you twice the hardware as the standard OBD-II level. That’s 2 Dashbots, 2 ODB-II connectors, and 2 8GB SD cards! It’s perfect for the Dashbot owner with more than one vehicle. Get Your Hands on the Tech that Powers Dashbot! Under the hood, Dashbot is powered by C.H.I.P. Pro . Get a jump on developing for Dashbot by ordering your C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit today and get hands-on with the hardware and software that makes Dashbot smart. C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kits are on target to begin shipping the last few days of December and will continue through early January. Join the Dashbot Conversation! Looking for the Dashbot conversation? Join us on the Next Thing Co. Dashbot Forum ! The community is great and the talk is lively. Hope to see you there! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come. \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Howdy Dashbackers! What a rush! Thanks to your support Dashbot is fully funded in under 48 hours! There’s still a long road ahead and we’re thrilled to have you along for the ride. To say thanks we've got a surprise for you... DASHBOT DOES ALEXA THINGS! <url>"ALEXA." Remember, Dashbot is open source software and hardware, giving you the after-market options like no other ride in class. Change Dashbot’s voice, animations, and even add support for another AI service, it’s your ride, so mod it as you please. What else do you want to see Dashbot do? Let us know in the comments. All this is only possible with your support. Words cannot express how thankful we are, and Dashbot couldn't find them either. So here's a video of Dashbot making cat sounds. <url>•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Backers! We’ve received a ton of messages about the Dashbot Expansion Pack and the OBD-II add-on. Let’s talk car tech! What is OBD-II? OBD-II (short for On-Board Diagnostic II) is a specialized port found on cars made after 1996 that lets you read your car’s vitals. Cars are full of sensors and technology to self-diagnose any problems that may occur during operation and OBD-II makes all of this data easily accessible to you. With the Dashbot Expansion Pack, Dashbot reveals the OBD-II info and tells you what’s actually going on under the hood. Learn your engine RPM, O2 sensors readings, vehicle speed, engine temperature, just by asking Dashbot. How it Works: Plug Dashbot’s OBD-II connector into your car’s OBD-II port, securely pair the OBD-II connector with Dashbot via Bluetooth and unlock all the data hidden in your car. Dashbot uses the OPENXC project, a collection of open source Python libraries developed by researchers at Ford Motor Company. OPENXC makes reading OBD-II data quick and easy, regardless of your car’s make and model. Dashbot Does On-Road Diagnostics Check Engine light on? Don’t waste time and money going to the repair shop only to find out you could have fixed the problem yourself. Just ask Dashbot to tell you what’s wrong. Dashbot easily identifies Check Engine warning codes like EVAP and Oxygen Sensor failures, that are easy to fix at home. Real-Time Data From Your Vehicle Dashbot can provide you with real-time data directly from your car, or save all the stats to your phone for later. Store Content Locally with Dashbot’s SD Card Use Dashbot’s SD card to store and playback local audio files. When you request Dashbot to play music, it also searches the SD card slot for all your tunes. Love super hi-fi? Dashbot supports FLAC, Ogg and Mp3 and supports Micro SD card up to 32GB. Thanks for your ongoing support, we're so close to our goal thanks to your help. Let’s get Dashbot on the road! (And don’t forget to tell your friends! Tag us on Twitter and Facebook !) Everyone @ NTC Keep the questions coming! Let’s finish strong! @Nick Farrow Dashbot is built on C.H.I.P. Pro and does run Linux. It’s all open source so you can create your own programs, change Dashbot’s animations and voice, and extend the hardware however you see fit. Dashbot is software compatible with C.H.I.P., so anything that will run on C.H.I.P. will run on Dashbot. @Sean Havins Offline, Dashbot will have limited voice recognition. You’ll still be able to playback local files from your phone or any files connected via Dashbot’s USB or the Micro SD card slot. Without a data connection, it will lack connection to any cloud service that provides music streaming. @Rob Johnson The FM transmitter connects via Dashbot’s AUX cable. Promising compatibility with 3rd party accessories is difficult, but if your current FM transmitter accepts Dashbot’s 3.5mm AUX plug, then it should work well. @Jean Dashbot won’t support aptX. @Jonathan Frederickson Dashbot’s software will be available in full upon fulfillment, but we’ll be open sourcing pieces along the way so developers with the C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit can get started ASAP. @Edwin Villanueva You should be able to adjust your pledge to account for the difference in costs between pledge levels. Give that a shot first. If you still have question, email us at <email>. @Chris Fala There’s no way to combine pledges at this time, but as we get closer to fulfilling our Kickstarter pledges, the OBD-II add-on will be available in our webstore at getchip.com @Ricky Wright Adding support for Google Home services to Dashbot is something we would love to see the community take on. @Axel Pandolfi Elmi We’re offering pledge levels based on the most common ways for people to back. We’ve seen A TON of requests for 2x Dashbot + OBD-II and we’ve just made that reward available. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Answers!!!! @getpebbleindia Dashbot’s natural language processing uses similar back-ends to most other language processors in existence. If your English is clear enough to work with Amazon Echo, Apple’s Siri, or Google’s Voice Assistant, it should work with Dashbot’s AI as well. @Ford Crews Analog headphone audio to digital USB would be very vehicle/stereo specific depending on how that head unit is looking for audio data on the USB port. Our current design’s 3.5mm AUX plug offers analog audio output only but can easily be adapted as needed for your use case. @Kelly Luck Dashbot has onboard logic to sense when your vehicle’s power port is or is not powered. If your vehicle cuts power to the power port when the engine is turned off, Dashbot can automatically pause and resume music. If your power port is always-on, Dashbot will wait until a few minutes after it loses connection with your phone before it puts itself to sleep. @Andrew, as mentioned by @Marc Mohon, our OBD-II adapter is bluetooth-connected to Dashbot, and does not require additional cables. @Andrea Dolfin Dashbot supports English interactions by default. We hope to see many other languages supported through community support later! @Brian Reisnauer Dashbot’s cables will be approximately 1.5m in length. For uses where that can’t reach, a USB or headphone extension cord can be used to add effective cable length. For the vehicle tracker use case you mentioned, Dashbot would require an always-on internet connection (as opposed to exchanging data through a paired phone), such as in a vehicle with a built-in 4G hotspot. @Jay Fla We’re excited to expand Dashbot’s functionality in response to, and in concert with work undertaken by the community of users as we did with our previous Kickstarter C.H.I.P. the $9 computer (which has gone on to a community of over 100,000 users). More Answers! Keep the questions coming! @Tim Robbins Your existing tape adapter should work with Dashbot as well, but may require a cable polarity-changer for its input depending on how it is set up. @Basil Dashbot’s app is currently designed to work with Android 5+ and iOS 10+ in order to make use of the latest bluetooth multi-profile pairings and ease integration with services. The software on Dashbot is open source, and you can build off of it for alternative host platforms. @Jacob Lisic Dashbot’s $49 pledge price is only available via Kickstarter. Nothing is set in stone yet, but we promise that Kickstarter backers get the best deal for pledging their support to make Dashbot possible! @Mark Reilly Dashbot is open source, so adding integrations and additional visual cues are things we hope to see the community do! @Ford Crews Active noise cancellation for your vehicle is something we would love to see come from the open source enthusiasts among Dashbot’s community. It is perfectly feasible, though exact phase match would likely require hard-wired audio over the aux port rather than bluetooth audio output to your car’s stereo. @Alexander Lindström Yes, both the incoming USB power cable and aux audio out 3.5mm “headphone” jack are hard-wired to Dashbot for durability, and to ensure the best audio quality. @Joshua Newport Dashbot is available in the pledge level rewards shown, by Kickstarter’s terms and conditions, sadly, we can not process add-ons via the backer survey @TheSirSpence WhatsApp and Waze are frequently-requested integrations for Dashbot! Though they are not core functions, we are interested in seeing if it is possible to add them! \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Thanks for all the comments and support! Keep'em coming! Let's get some questions answered! @JayBee, there isn’t enough space to add a full-size USB-A port, but Dashbot does have an onboard MicroUSB, and MicroSD slot available for adding extra media storage. @Tony Bruno @Brian Beckwith, the CHIP Pro inside Dashbot has onboard 802.11 b/g/n WiFi, and can support voice query operations in USB-tethered and WiFi-tethered modes. @Khadeem, at this time, your Kickstarter pledge is the only way to get a Dashbot. @Susan Chappel adding support for Google Home services to Dashbot is something we would love to see the community take on. @Jesus Caro Dashbot lets you select from several available voices out of the box, and supports custom voices as well. @Jim Todd Dashbot’s OBD-II connection is strictly plug-and-play, and does not require adjustment of anything under the hood. You can think of it as plugging in a diagnostics cable to your car (except of course the “cable” in this case is wireless). @Chris George, custom naming requires re-training and programming the wake-word into its dedicated DSP chip. For the moment, the names we are planning to pre-program are “Dashbot” “Computer” and “Co-Pilot”, though we may sneak some extra fun in there too. :D @Jacob Lisic Yes! Dashbot navigates the intent of your voice requests seamlessly, and passes them through to Alexa, or its local functions such as SMS handling. @Ford Crews @Bradley Johnson Dashbot uses the Google Maps back-end for its navigation, however with all the suggestions for Waze integration, it will be something we are looking into! @Andrew Ruth Dashbot just needs to pair with your cell phone so it can exchange data with the internet. No Account, no server-side functions beyond the 3rd party services (Spotify, etc.) you choose to give Dashbot access to. @Greg Canny @Quintus-Filius Grens Yes! Dashbot uses multiple pairing profiles in order to maintain connections to your phone, car stereo, and external accessories. It functions as a hands-free kit (with great sound) but with a whole lot more horsepower behind it. :D @Scott Haynes @Atle Norstad Dashbot is powered via an attached 5 Volt USB-A cable, which plugs into the provided power port (cigarette lighter) to USB adapter. Hard-wiring is totally possible, but requires you adding a separate 12V-to-5V regulator, or dedicated USB port. @gbish We would love that! :D @Prolusio @khadeem, replacement mounting plates will be available from Next Thing Co. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Tons of questions. Tons of answers. (we’ll also migrate all these to the FAQ at the bottom of our campaign page) @Sergiu Partnie Dashbot will still be able to playback local files connected via USB or the Micro SD card slot offline, but it will lack connection to any cloud service that provides music streaming. Offline, it will have limited voice recognition, but can communicate to local devices such as the OBDII adapter and things added via USB. You can also tether your phone to Dashbot over USB, or connect a USB 4G modem and run Dashbot completely stand alone. Dashbot is powered by C.H.I.P. Pro, which means you have you have a full Linux computer on your dashboard! There’s a whole world of possibilities — Tell us what you’d like to see Dashbot do! @Bruce Donnelly The OBDII adapter is only available in the Dashbot Expansion Pack or the All the Things rewards. Like everything Next Thing Co. makes, Dashbot is open hardware and software. When you buy it, you own it, and you can add or change whatever you want! Full documentation will be provided and you’ll have the full support of the amazing CHIPster community. @Pete Argles @ian kegyes OBDII provides information on what’s happening inside your car. Fuel efficiency, speed, RPM, and explanations for all those battery, engine and oil lights. Look for more information in our OBDII update! @Stan Zieg @Andrew Yes! Dashbot can place and receive phone calls, and you’ll sound great thanks to Dashbot’s far field beamforming microphones and onboard DSP noise cancelling. Also: Yes! Dashbot reads incoming texts aloud. @J The OBDII adapter is entirely optional and your Dashbot will operate normally with or without it installed. @Mr. yellow @Romain Berrada We would love to see Dashbot work with other languages, but are only focusing on developing robust support for english for now. Since Dashbot is built on Linux, we hope to see alternate language work be something that the community helps dig into, once all the basics are stable. @doki Dashbot’s battery is for back-up power and graceful shutdown after you’ve turned off your car, so its only meant to last around 15 minutes. Just long enough to run in and pay for gas without having to wait for Dashbot to boot and pair again. @Pete B The Micro SD card is for adding or storing local content on Dashbot. You can store music and maps for use when you don’t have cell signal, or you can have Dashbot log data from the OBDII adapter onto the Micro SD card. Your car doesn’t need to support Bluetooth for Dashbot to work! Dashbot comes with cable to plug into your AUX IN jack, or you can back at the Dashbot Retro Pack and connect via a cassette adapter or FM transmitter. @David Keller Though we can’t promise compatibility with any particular adapter outside of the one we’re designing around, our adapter also uses a OBDII to RS232 adapter similar to the ELM327. @Axel Niesen Dashbot’s radio module uses Bluetooth 4.2 with multiple profile support allowing it to simultaneously pair to your car and your phone. @RavenMaster For the best possible shipping experience, we’ve limited our shipping destinations to nations whose Customs allow Incoterms DDP (delivered duty paid), and allow us to accurately estimate shipping taxes and duties for a smooth delivery. This mean no surprise charges or trips to a Customs office to retrieve Dashbot, which currently limits us to Australia, Brazil, Russia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States. We’re actively working to add to this list. The OBDII adapter connects wirelessly via Bluetooth to Dashbot. Dashbot accesses OBDII data from your car and speaks it aloud over your speakers. You can log the data to Dashbot’s Micro SD. @Raffael Gentile Yes! There is a dedicated FM tuner onboard. You can listen to local FM radio even without an internet connection. We’d love to see someone add a Linux-friendly USB Software Defined Radio, and go full HAM via Dashbot, too! @Ford Crews USB camera support for dashcam applications is something we’re actively interested in and part of the reason we decided to add the Micro SD card slot. We can’t make any promises yet, but keep an eye out for updates as the campaign progresses. @Rich Obermeyer Local weather can impact how effective a solar panel can be (e.g. winter in Seattle ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ). Most modern cars have power available through USB or cigarette lighter ports no matter what the weather looks like. In a pinch, Dashbot can also run off a USB battery pack. Hey Everybody! Thanks for all the questions! By far the most frequent was about OBDII. We just posted an update explaining how it works with Dashbot! Check it out in the link below. More answers soon! \(•◡•)/ - Everyone @ NTC <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. This project and the person/company that did this are crooks. I hope karma comes back and bites them in their ass. Refund me please Oh the money is gone, and it still makes my blood boil. Merry Christmas everyone!! Be safe and be kind! it's amazing to see people are actually still asking for the money back I'm sad to say it ain't going to happen. hate to tell you but KS is run by two mexicans in the bronx... they don't care about you once they get the money.... The terms of use you cite were not in effect at the time this project was launched. I get that you're annoyed; I am too. But I really wish people would stop spamming the comments on failed projects with claims based on irrelevant data. Kickstarter, please take action! Thomas Deckert, Age 38 Current Address: 701 30th St; Oakland, CA 94609-2920 Phone Number: (510) 502-6737 - Wireless <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please contact me! As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. They were incorporated, and went bankrupt. Kickstarter wil not issue a refund. Never recive this shit i want a refund kickstarter please wake up Another Scam on Kickstarter. It’s tempting to sue those people. If they were smart they incorporated there business so when the business went bust they personally are not reliable to it. Also for all those idiots posting about they want a refund from K.S. Are not reading the fine print “This page applies only to projects launched on or before October 18th, 2014 at 11:59pm ET.” This project was launched in 2016 The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline Scammed! We all need to be more cautious of these types of unscrupulous people on Kickstarter. Kickstarter themselves are nothing more than a platform used by thieves. Kickstarter doesn't give a damn about backers. Only way they will start to care is when backers stop supporting the platform on mass... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount! Yeah, ain't going to happen, they are out of business. The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are: Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I am a yet another dissatisfied backer and have not received my reward. Please refund! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Interestingly, they sold their domain name to a totally unrelated company. Test Ugh.... Successful according to kickstarter is the project has met the funding goal. Ie: kickstarter has got paid, beyond that ks dont care. damn it, you beat me to it..... :) and yes those are the people you want to harass I really hate they mark these “successful.” They successfully took our $$ and dropped off the face of the earth. Kickstart really needs to hold people like this accountable. It happens way too often. and the usual response is likely to be The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. so how is everyone I hope everyone stay safe The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Let us all know how that works out for you. I assume its a waste of time. The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I want my money back like everyone else but I don't think we're going to get it sorry to say this but they pretty much a runaway were with our money the company is dead there's nothing we can do besides complain about invoking all of our rights under Kickstarter's tos sorry for any typos and bad grammar The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Scott and David - Thank you for sharing your comments on the Echo Auto. I just wish I could have used the funds I paid out for this project to purchase an Echo Auto. regrettably, you're right I got my Echo Auto for $15 on sale. Because Kickstarter got their money? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. How can Kickstarter call this successful????? Yes, this is now obsolete and the creator's credibility is as well. Buy and Echo Auto, it's great! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I got an echo Auto for Christmas these people here can go shove it up their ass Has anyone checked to see what they are up too? The people you seek are Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline "I invoke my rights" posts don't do shit. Stop them. This company is long since out of business now. There is no company left to refund you. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Happy Thanksgiving creators, I hop you choke on your turkey. Good work kickstarter you have removed "projects we love" badge and offered nothing to the backers. Way to be transparent! Thanks, I filled out this survey, using Voder as the case. Glasgow University are performing a study of crowdfunding projects, hoping to help advance regulation in this area and prevent scam projects. Go to <url>"south" with no real apology from the Creator. I've also had two complete scams where they "took the money and ran." Kickstarter really needs to create accountability. just check top 100 funded projects and their comments, most have turned up to be scams. Even if a product is successful here it is sold cheaper in the free market. Kickstarters or Indiegogo both are a platform for scammers. #BoycottKickstarter Yeah, I got a Amazon Echo Auto too. It rocks. Because of this sh!thole scam of a company, I will NEVER back another thing on Kickstarter, EVER. Good job KS, enjoy your eventual BUT CERTAIN demise. So I got an auto echo from Amazon the other day on a $15 special, and guess what, its everything I expected out of this project, and even more. I’d forgotten about this until I found the last update while deleting emails. Glad it was only $110 they screwed me out of. How this is still marked as a favorite I don’t understand... this is the first Kickstarter project that’s failed on me. I still come back to read the comments every so often. The thing that still grates the most about this project (now I've accepted there is no money or product or company left). Is it still carries the Kickstarter "projects we love" badge on the campaign page. Kickstarter clearly don't care about their customers or give any due diligence after they have given the project their we love badge. I've tried to contact Kickstarter but to no avail. If I was kickstarter I would be embarrassed to have the badge still on the project after it ripped off over 3500 people including over 400 new customers, but what do I know The 2012 terms didn't apply in 2016 either I'm afraid. But you're right none of us are going to see anything And the terms of use at the time of the campaign apply. Not that we're going to see anything . . . *sigh* Theranos-style scam. No update in years... hope you thieving ba$t@rds are in jail or are suffering from some incurable disease. I never received the product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Fortunately the project failed. Those are old terms of use and have been updated. The company has gone and Kickstarter have their cut. There is no refund or product. Those are old terms of use and have been updated. The company has gone and Kickstarter have their cut. There is no refund or product. I never received the product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Has anyone pointed out their previous failure in this project? Pro-Tip: You can back any project for $1 and it allows you to post. Oh exciting. Still not released in the UK :( I meant Jon R. . He's posted on that project, which is only available to backers, so he's backing that too. FYI - My Echo Auto is waiting for me at home today. Won't be the same, but finally got something that'll listen to me in the car! I'm not! And why are you backing that too?! WTF! Just an FYI that the original engineers from Next Thing Co. who designed the C.H.I.P. are trying to launch their own spin-off. <url>"projects we love" badge. This means it will have been featured on the home page etc, I suspect that's how I found it. I just find kickstarters lack of giving a toss totally disrespectful. I wish their UI for backers was better. I have backed literally hundreds of projects, and while yes, you can sort columns, more useful would be to "filter" for entries, and provide annotations (like when delivery dates are stretched). I'd love to be able to mark an item as "expected to fail." Yeah me too. I just think that even though Kickstarter will never take any responsibility, a real addition to the platform would be a failed project flag. At least then you could see if a similar idea had failed to deliver. I don't think Kickstarter ever "flags" a project as failed. I've got a number of failures that appear as "still open." I don't know whether there was out and out fraud here. (i've had a couple of those), here I'd say it was really horrible mismanagement. I know we aren't getting the product or a refund, but I wish Kickstarter would at least flag the product as failed so that others can be warned if any of the "founders" or similar start another project. I can't believe that voder took the company down, so I guess there was fraud involved with in the next thing. Projects fail and that's ok, but the dishonesty surrounding this campaign has left a really sour taste Company is bankrupt, and out of business. No refunds I never received the product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The company has gone bankrupt and dissolved. No refunds. And Kickstarter definitely won't refund you "their share" #3249 Refund me KickStarter! I will say this I have funded 9 prjects on Indiegogo and only one failed and I got a refund. I have funded two on Kickstarter and both have failed and both have kept my money and I have recieved nothing. So I will stick with Indiegogo 90% is definately better than 0% "Invoking rights" won't do squat. The company is gone, went bankrupt, all property liquidated at auction. I inquired of the bankruptcy judge if KS backers qualify as "creditors" to get even a small portion of the money from the liquidation. We didn't. It was only a matter of time until Apple and Amazon got on this bandwagon. Far as staff, I don't know where the principals are at this point. I was just looking at the Mycroft open source alternative to Siri and Alexa and couldn't help but notice the similarities between products. Even the photos of those involved resemble some of the people on this failed project. Am I just imagining things? It's a post Amazon affiliate now run by Double Vanguard Pty Ltd (who I could find no information on) <url>"we failed, went to bankruptcy and we are sorry about that" maybe with a bit of explanation on why. But no they decided to go into total blackout and disappear. In this case, there's very little Kickstarter can do (and I condemn them for a lot of things, trust me), the creator here has gone bankrupt, taken the money and run. There's no entity to sue. About the only thing KS could do at this point is to refund backers out of the money they took (very small) and that would be it. On the longer term, Kickstarter could do better vetting (do they do any at all?) and require backers to maintain a bond or insurance for their projects. FUCK Kickstarter for keeping this up and not doing anything about it. no more kickstarter for me. Thieves. No I have their names and like I said before I will find them and let everyone they do business with know that they scammed us.... if you want to sit quietly in your room and let this go then good for you..... goodbye Those are old terms of use and have been updated. The company has gone and Kickstarter have their cut. There is no refund or product. Backer # 651 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It won't do you any good. The company is gone. Bankrupt and disbanded. Even if you filed a lawsuit, there's nothing left to sue. You're only stressing yourselves out by trying to continue this insistence that you think you can get something back. Let it go. We're SOL, every last backer. I have yet to receive either product nor any reason as to why i don't have my product in hand yet. So i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Good for you! It's time you moved on, thanks for the update no one cares about! Well, as far as backer 2445 goes, I must say that I have been remiss in checking the status of my minor excursion into venture capitalism. Lost the wife from MS (in our 40th year of marriage) back in January of '17 and am just starting to attend to the trivialities of life once again. As far as this product goes, it was actually something that I could have used at the time but I traded the old buggy in for a new buggy last fall and the "Voder" AI would not have been of any use to me now anyway. I put in $75 on the off chance that it might come through but would not have gone for more. Condolences to the major investors but a website of this nature has "caveat emptor" written in invisible ink as part of their banner on the home page. I didn't. Nor kickstarter, nor Visa. Chalked it up as a bad one. Has put me off kickstarter and similar sites. Now only "investing" in very small projects or ones that are due to go into manufacturing and have a working prototype (I know this project did, but...) I’d love to hear if anyone got their pound of flesh out of these guys. doesn't matter that the people have moved on, we have not, I will continue to pursue these people and make their lives miserable and not let them or their associates forget what they did... all for the low price of 50$.... Further update - all assets of NTC are long gone, all people involved have moved on. I contacted the bankruptcy firm while it was handling matters, no KS backer or “retail consumer” got anything in the liquidation. Sorry to say it, but your money is gone, and this project is completely dead. Daven Bela Rauchwerk Thomas Stoddard Deckert John Stevens Jeep Kline would that be clean coal? jk. This project has been a total ripoff. I wish their stockings are filled with black tar. Oh thanks Luke for letting us know this is not a store. We have all been so confused thinking ks was a store for the past year. My advice to you don’t preach at us. Preach to the loser creators. If we want to **** and moan err day we have a right. KS and their terms are BS - they do not share the true risk. Their is zero transparency. How many KS fail? How many are late? What efforts do they take to protect the backers? I will never back a KS, if the product is any good I’ll wait and pay more on eBay bye Felecia Yet another Kickstarter ripoff. To all the people still complaining about this: It's over. You won't get your product and you won't get a refund. There's absolutely nothing you can do because you agreed to the terms of Kickstarter. This isn't a store. Happy Holidays to our creators, may your stockings be filled with coal. what a scam. Kickstarter is the worst James- unfortunately there is no one to get money from at this point. God Damnit!!!! I want my money back, and I want it now. You think this is over, this isn't over. Not by a long shot you assholes!!!!! You can find some of them on lInkedin, they've all moved on to other companies. @Scott: I appreciate you diligence in keeping the conversation going here. I find it really interesting that the whole company seems to have evaporated, given their past success. I was just reviewing the campaign page here... take a look at that gif of the team waving (goodbye??)... wonder what those people are doing now? @Sergiu - Some is going to significant effort to slowly erase all evidence that Voder/dashbot ever existed along with NextThing co. Web sites are gone, FB pages are gone, etc. I still have not gotten anything back or any refunds from them. This sounds like a Class-action! I just realized that NextThing co. and Voder/Dashbot do not have Wikipedia entries. It's a shame that future generations will not know about this failure. "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -- George Santayana Yep. I got an email from them in Sept 2017 saying they will refund my money. Which they did not. if there is then they need to tell us,, I have tracked own 5 employees and none have had the decency to explain as they were paid and don't give a fuck other then themselves.... shit i even tracked own the CEO (Dave Rauchwerk) and he didn't even have the balls to apologize and take blame like a real man..... to be fair i am pretty sure he had a mental breakdown but that's not my fault... Well this looks like it solves the problem <url>"This page applies only to projects launched on or before October 18th, 2014" I noticed today their web site is now officially gone. What frustrates me is not their failure, that happens. What ticks me off is a lack of accountability on their part (where's the financial statement) and Kickstarter profiting from their failure. I have said it in the past let's me say it again: You have lied and scammed you backers. I want a refund ! The straw that broke the camel back.. no more Kistarter campaigns for me ! I don't think that was their intent. I backed the CHiP and they delivered just fine. I have a feeling that whatever went down was not expected. I don't think that was their intent. I backed the CHiP and they delivered just fine. I have a feeling that whatever went down was not expected. Those ToU have been updated long since Oct. 2012. Sorry to say but they no longer apply. This is the risk of Kickstarter and the last two projects I have done (this being the cheapest) have failed. I think I will just wait until projects hit the market and the risk is gone I, too, am disappointed. But let's not forget that this product had a trademark dispute. If you follow copyright, trademark, and patent news, these are expensive things to defend. And even though they changed the name, they probably had to expend some money to lawyers, which had to have impacted the funding of this project. I'm not saying that excuses them for the bad communications on this, because it doesn't. But that still means that it is what it is. I don't fund as many projects as I used to. That is in part because of things like this, but also because I find the gizmos don't really impress me so much, so I don't want to fund boring. (My version of it, of course.) But I also think the Kickstarters and Indiegogos have to do a better job of controlling the release of funds. OK, you raised enough money. You need how much money for what? OK, get us a plan and get us an estimate, and we'll release the funds to the company when we approve the plan. (Company as in who is selling the raw materials, or who is your foundry, or who sells parts you need to assemble, or who is publishing your book, etc.) :( Crooks I've been waiting for the Cole Bar hammer for 4 yrs These are foreign entities that tend to run off with our money just as often as domestic ones As an alternative, if people are interested I'll roll some raspberry pis with Google Home or Alexa with a 12v converter & cig plug adapter if people want to give me $100 lol It may be time for the FTC to create regulations for crowdfunding and accountability. I agree with Michael bellow these are nothing but sham and there need to be some guard band against these king of creators Kickstarter needs to do something these charlatans. This is nothing but stealing our Money After this campaign I am done with backing these kind of projects. I am waiting on a battery powered scooter on Indiegogo that hasn't shipped in 2 years and this device has disappeared entirely with no sort of penalty for the creators. This kind of stuff is like throwing money away. These types of people ruin things for the real creators out there that want to actually create something for people to use. I realize its 50 bucks, but being scammed is a pretty nasty feeling. At this point I pretty much gave enough on getting my money back yes it really does pisses me off but from what I've seen from the kickstarter they have not replied to any messages about the kickstarter nothing at all they have pretty much just run that way with the money what frankly is just disappointing and apologies for my broken English. yikes I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So i guess im out $50. Awesome. Thing looks so behind in tech now. Amazon Echo auto Introducing Echo Auto - The first Echo for your car <url>"thieves" delivered 2 prior campaigns and a couple of non-crowd-funded projects as well. Maybe there's an explanation other than theft.... The bought themselves an electric car. sigh... another group of thieves that took the money and disappeared. Beware of them starting new campaigns to rip off more supporters. @david the company is bankrupt. No refund I have not received my reward. Please refund . I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. For those of you who care the individuals are: Dave Rauchwerk, Gustavo Huber and Thomas Deckert. If a project defaults I believe Kickstarter should publish NPPI data on the creators to ensure no further problems from these individuals. Im Scott I may do the same Letter I have prepared to send to my state legislators and congresspeople, feel free to use as well: Dear _____, I wanted to write to you regarding a increasing trend of activity that I’m finding very disturbing. I’m normally not a huge fan of government intervention with legislation, but in this case, given the attitude of the industry, I’m convinced it's necessary. The industry, crowdfunding. If you’re not familiar with crowdfunding, crowdfunding is an online industry where individuals who have ideas for projects or small businesses, can solicit contributions from individuals to help them with their business. Normally the nature of this solicitation includes a promise to deliver some of the product(s) that the person asking for funding is planning on creating. The person(s) asking for funding are called creators, and the person offering funding are called backers. There are a number of companies that have established web sites that allow backers and creators to interact with each other. Kickstarter (<url>’s not what I am writing about. What concerns me is an increasing trend in projects that ultimately, end to be fraudulent. The creator either never intends to deliver the product, misappropriates funds that are given by backers, or misrepresents what is ultimately delivered. Right now, there are effectively no protections for the backer with respect to the fraudulent activities. In addition, the companies that facilitate the transaction offer no protection to the backer, while they continue to profit from these projects, even if the creator has committed fraud. Given this is an industry that has failed to protect consumers, I believe it is necessary for the government to step in and provide consumer protection where the industry has failed to do so. Let me offer the following examples of this type of activity: (insert your experiences) What is even more problematic, is that while these organizations have taken backers money and misused it, the web site provider (kickstarter or indigogo) has profited, and refuses to take any reasonable action on behalf of backers to insure the creator is doing anything to inform and protect the backers. One simple clause in the contract with creators where if they failed to provide accounting, or failed to deliver, would create a cause of action on the part of the web site company, where they could then attempt to sue and retrieve the backers money would be sufficient. Or alternatively, requiring creators to purchase insurance against the non-delivery to backers would be another option. Because of this, I believe it is time for our government to step in, and determine what protections should be put in place for consumers. If you have any questions, I’m willing to answer them. More from Kickstarter Hi there, Thanks for following up. These terms outline the responsibilities of creators and backers. It can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will only use this provision in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Kickstarter provides a platform for creators to bring new creative projects to life. With that said, project creators are responsible for their own projects. That includes reward fulfillment, refunds, and communicating with their backers. Kickstarter is proud to offer a way for creators and backers to work together. We're not, however, party to the relationship between them. We don't research a project creator's viability, facilitate refunds, or help fulfill rewards. I hope that this helps to address your concerns. Let us know if you need anything else. Kickstarters response regarding fraud Thanks for following up, and sorry to hear that backing this project has turned into a frustrating experience for you. Kickstarter’s mission is to help support creative freedom and independence. Our site operates on a system of trust – we expect and encourage creators to be honest with their backers about project delays when they arise. While we provide a platform for creators to fund their projects, we don’t step into the actual creative process itself or manage the fulfillment and shipment of rewards. Agree with all posts entirely on what has turned out to be a proven scam with Voder. I have rarely had rewards meet initial (or subsequently multiple new) target dates. This is somewhat understandable, as most of these innovators have little experience in bringing product to market. So you need to exercise patience. But as this experience for this product has shown, there exists a criminal element that seeks to exploit that trust. I do believe that KS, and other platforms should do a better job at vetting, perhaps a standardized profile sheet that shows proof of concept, manufacturing partners confirmed, etc. Certainly KS and others should have a pretty good understanding of what it takes to go from concept to delivery. While the profile assessment would not provide any guarantees (same as today) it would reflect that there is a process that must be undertaken to initiate campaigns that includes a likelihood that the campaign has some probability to reach fruition. It may be time for the FTC to create regulations for crowdfunding and accountability. @Mike - They pretty much took the money and squandered it. @Doug - The money is gone, the Creators spent it and didn't produce anything. Any money that's still left is part of the bankruptcy, and KS backers are at the tail end of the priority list. Don't expect anything back. Hope FTC investigates $700,000 crowdfunding campaign for fraud: <url>’m done with Kickstarter. I feel bad for the honest creators that need the support. It’s just gotten to the point that trying to pick the honest from the dishonest ones is just too hard. Whenever you start stopping the thieves let me know Kickstarter and I’ll come back! What's going on here? Did they take out money and run? What happens to the money we contributed? @keith. Ditto here Well, I no longer back tech projects, just games, and small projects from groups with a track records. Once burned, twice shy. . . Wow, wonder who got deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Ben - the creator is out of business and bankrupt, no refunds. Kick starter isn't a pre-order system. Some projects fail. Meh time to move on. Would appreciate a refund for order #231 based on the extensive delay in fulfillment. I invoke my rights under @Kickstarter Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount effective immediately. Is the last time that I make a contribution with kickstarter. The only thing that must to do is control and verify campaign and profile of creators, but don't do nothing. If you can’t beat the scammers then join them. Or just sit here complaining all day about how unjust the world really is these day.. blah blah blah... Very disappointed that KickStarter does not vet any of these offers. They scam us then turn around and start new offers under different names. I am not inclined to participate in any new KS projects by anyone until KS improves their acceptance policy. @mike - The creators of this project have gone out of business and abandoned this project. Oh and taken our money along the way How about an update? Just make sure to watch and make sure these creators dont create another project. The straw that broke the camel back. The people behind this project are clearly crooks and thieves that took the money and run. And Kickstarter did nothing to look after this mess: no updated whatsoever and that's fine with you. I will make sure none I know spends a cent on any of your schemes. Shame on you Kickstarter ! kickstarter is dead for me. And Next thing's creators hopefully are really dead in accidents I am also finished backing on Kickstarter after this project. Very disappointed that their is no penalty by Kickstarter for this fraudulent activity. There is no proof that this was even a real project to begin with outside of a video created which demoed a prototype that apparently didn't even exist. It might be a small amount of money, but it is the fact that these guys took the money and ran that makes me upset. Not even a post letting us know what is going on and apologies from their end. If that is not a clear indication of fraud, I am not sure what is. What a waste of a comment board. Just come here when nothing to do on my lunch break to see those that will complain even when nobody cares... enjoy guys and gals as this venting is kind of therapeutic to those who still hold onto the slim chance that creators or Kickstarter will ever listen ... nothing will ever happen but keep the silly postings coming otherwise my boardam during lunch may get to me !!! So, the comments about the current Terms-Of-Use, they clearly state "These updated terms will go into effect on May 25, 2018, at 12 a.m. Eastern Time, and apply to all projects launched on Kickstarter on or after that date." This project launched under a different set of Terms and those apply. All that aside, THIS project is why I no longer back anything on Kickstarter. I'm moving on - lesson learned. Crowdfunding is doomed to be a horrible failure. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers I don’t invoke any rights because Kickstarter don’t give a shit nor does anyone else - stop holding out on false hope Folks, stop invoking the rights here <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Correction 2012, not 2013 People, stop referring to the 2013 terms of use, they are out of date, refer to the current ones if you insist on doing it. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. SO here's a dumb thought. What if, in the contract that a Creator signs with KS, there were reporting requirements, and failure to meet those requirements cause liability which KS could then use to sue the creator on behalf of the backers? Heck, KS could even make money off the transaction :) (Say a company took $250K and and failed to provide accounting, KS sues the company for the $250K, takes 5% off the top ($12.5K) and then returns the balance to backers proportionately. Also, when signing a contract with KS, create personal liability as well as corporate level liability. (and before you say that doesn't fly, ask Paypal, they do it) Accountability is starting to become a significant issue in Crowdfunding, and it does't look like any of the major players (Kickstarter and Indigogo) are looking to do anything about it. How about one of these platforms agreeing to turn over the revenue from the project (In this case, not an insignificant chunk of change) to backers if the project fails. or how about mandating accounting? They've got it on their rules, but don't enforce it. The FTC is finally starting to sniff around crowdsourcing and asking questions, but as with all things government, it will take years before they get up to speed. Sadly I agree with James the further product innovation thing is bs if anything they would have a 3rd part law firm to pursue bad actors. Instead you are on your own. Hey Kickstarter! Fuck you. Fuck you and your shitty scamming site. I haven’t backed a project after losing several hundred dollars in the last two projects here - this one included. Reason I say FUCK YOU is because you hide behind your bullshit terms. You’re a scammer for backers money. You couldn’t give a shit if a creators projects succeed or fail. Got your commission? Yep, take your money and run. Name me just one project that failed where you helped backers get their money back - NOT ONE! And fuck NTC too - I can guarantee you knew this project was doomed long ago yet you still led us on. FUCK YOU BOTH!!! Shame these guys are out of business. I had some CHIP / CHIP Pro and liked them. I'm pretty disappointed NTC didn't come clean and inform us about the insolvency - not to mention provide an explanation (which I gather is supposed to be the minimum effort required by Kickstarter for a failed project). If they'd done that, I would have been willing to just call it a loss, wish these guys better luck next time and move on. If anyone's going to organize a lawsuit or anything to try and recover some funds please let me know. For $77 it's not really worth pursuing on my own. I sent an email to classaction.com, and they called and left a message. But once I read the messages that the money gone, I gave up. Keith. Did you talk to them? What did they say? The law offices of Morgan and Morgan will discuss a case for free 888 670 2630 So there's no way we can get our money back sorry to say this but I think we are fuckd and btw, all those folks who are referring to the oct 2012 terms of use, don't bother, that's not the current terms of use, these are <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Wow Scott you have a lot of time on your hands to write this novel in the comment section. Good luck getting anything for your eloquent speech :) For purpose of documentation <url>’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. lel xd According to Wikipedia: Next Thing Co. was an Oakland, California based start-up company founded in 2013 by Dave Rauchwerk, Gustavo Huber and Thomas Deckert How these three guys, after stealing our money are still around like nothing happened? Who is gonna hire, or lend him a penny after this? How about sending them some messages directly? <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Welp. Looks like this one is dead. I'd love a refund, but I assume it'll never happen. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. How can people still use kickstarter if nothing is done to resolve issues like these... Amex is unable to do a charge back, apparently. They even tried to override the system for me, but it simply does not allow for it after this much time has passed. Consider this a loss and don't work with these guys if they show up again. If you paid with Discover, try getting a chargeback! They have great service and were willing to put a temporary credit into my account while they opened a case and tried to investigate the issue. I'm not sure how it'll end, but it's at least something! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So does any one know the names of the crooks that had thia scam? I have had good experience with kick starter but I see it fading away because of these crooks and those who are like minded. No way to get refund I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. At this point there is nothing to sue. The Corp is in bankruptcy, and backers here are at the bottom of the food chain. Just remember the creators associated with this project, and when they reappear, advise others of their deeds. Classaction.com I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So, what's with all the people invoking their rights under terms of use that didn't apply to this project? I can't believe they stole everyone's money and just vanished with no explanation. I hope we can put together a lawsuit or something against some of the owners. Anyone know who they are? I wanted my refund back. please kickstarter, listen to our voices and give us our money back. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. In the meantime, I created this post on their forum if anyone else wishes to pile on. <url>"Address not found Your message wasn't delivered to <email> because the address couldn't be found, or is unable to receive mail." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Where's my refund, man? <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This is ridiculous. Fully funded in December of 2016 and no update since October 2017. I have quietly stayed optimistic but no more. I backed this because my car at the time did not have Bluetooth and so this would be useful. I have a new car with Bluetooth and the last update announced that the purpose of the product had even changed. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Maybe send the backers the board and chip pro so backers can repurpose this project to something useful. There is always, option 4! Please send me a refund My friend @keith. It’s been a long big time !! Hope you are doing well... Roav is a great device and picked one up myself after hearing you talk about it. I use it everyday on my hour long commute to work and have nothing but good things to say about it. I suppose the silver lining is that if not for this horribly managed fraudulent company’s miserable failure, I would not have found the nice little Roav device. Jay is right this project Dead. I bought the Roav VIVA back in March and I am very happy with it. I just check in from time to time to see what Kickstarter will do with the corpse called Voder This user's account has been deleted. Please send me a refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. <url>’s really quit simple in terms of options: 1) have Kickstarter eat the cost and potentially go out of business if large numbers of campaigns fail. Suspect the number is much higher than you think but will never know for sure since stats are not published. Personally had about 10 fail already... 2) pass it along to successful campaigns which is not really fair to penalize good work and think we can agree on this :) 3) have backers eat the cost for creators whose ventures go belly up. This seems to be the case here as creator cannot or will not pay anything. I am for option 3 as you can see based on past posts but have not heard which you feel comfortable in supporting. I realize it’s best to get our money back, but realistically Kickstarter is running a business and if all they do is give money back there won’t be a business any more and won’t have a place to even submit these comments. Transparency is key and inexcusable to hide details from us. What Kickstarter needs understand is being transparent about your financial will make everyone jump to option 3 as well. @Jay - I disagree with the statement of “most kickstarters fail.” I’ve booked over 100 projects, and only two have “failed.” Yes there are costs here, to be sure, but without some kind of financial auditing, you have no idea how much of the $250,000 was spent on the project, and how much went to non project related costs. I’m calling for greater financial transparency in crowdsourcing projects, so backers can see how the money they have invested is spent. If there is malfeasance in expenditures, then there should be accountability. I am betting that, most that in trouble won't post news that they are. Reason is so they delay getting sued or charge back with credit cards. Just saw all the comments about how the company is gone. Oh well... Knock, knock, anyone home? Updates would be nice. It would at least show some measure of their professionalism and courtesy towards those that supported them to come on here and do an update with the news. Ah well. @Scott, how many companies you know that are still in business return money as act of good will. Kickstarter campaigns fail often and it’s just the nature of crowdsourcing ideas from people who may not know how to execute their vision. During the campaign servers hosting the site on AWS had to run and employees of Kickstarter have to paid so not certain why you feel this does not have a cost and if your funds are refunded how those bills will be paid. Kickstarter can of course raise the fees and shift burden of failure to successful campaigns to survive but is that fair for companies that do things the right way to be penalized for it. So you see it’s not as black and white as one may originally think. @Jay - I disagree about accountability. Kickstarter has take funds from the project, and while the project has failed, they have profited as a result. and its not like a flat fee you'd see with web hosting, its a percentage of fees. Take an example of a credit card company, if I order something online, and it isn't delivered, or it comes defective, I can call up the credit card company, file a dispute, and get my money back, and they take it up with the seller. Now I'm not suggesting that Kickstarter refund all the money, since they don't have it, and have no way to get it back. however, they could return their portion of the proceeds back to the backers, as an act of good will. and these tools DON"T exist in the platform, and they should. I don't see a production calendar link in this window, and I don't see a budget link in this window. They should be there, and appropriate web apps should be available. Kickstarter could also require non delivery liability insurance (you can purchase this) on the part of creators. @Scott, what you mention are great tool but using them is all at the discretion of creators. One cannot expect with the thousands of campaigns running in this platform for Kickstarter to be accountable in enforcing such rigor. They are just a small IT show setup in my neck of the woods here in Brooklyn, NY. To me it’s more of a buyer beware mindset where we review the initial campaign literature and how responsive creator is during initial launch and decide if it’s worth funding. If you go way back during initial campaign the creator rarely responded to questions so how can we expect anything more during campaign. @Jay - The only way crowdfunding can be sustainable is through accountability. Unfortunately Kickstarter has created a platform that does not foster accountability. I’d love to see tools in projects like timeline creation, expenditure explanation, etc. I had on project that just finished where they actually issued a budgetary expenditure report at the end of the campaign. And it was a $35k campaign. Yet here we have a campaign where there was $250k spent, with no explanation...... @Scott, while I think it’s fruitless exercise I respect you and see that you genuinely care about crowdfunding and want it to endure. So if it makes you happy to document people venting on here then you have my support... Not quite the same situation, but this could change things for projects that fail in the future: <url>’t want to stop any of it, but to what end my friends. Are we expecting anything from anyone for this failure ? Yea, good luck getting a refund. I hate to say I've been involved in several of these projects and never seen anything from them or Kickstart. @Thorn - Unfortunately there is no one to get a refund from at this point. Next Thing Company has effectively dissolved I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The thing that is most maddening about these garbage Kickstarter campaigns is that nobody will own up to their screw ups. I backed this and the ONO 3d printer which both failed and now I am absolutely done with Kickstarter. Just admit you can't finish the product and apologize! Maybe doing so would open the door to a mass of people trying to chargeback their pledge. Classaction.com I agree with Scott M. A final project update/ post mortem/apology would have gone a long way. I know a fair number of people have commented here about "why are you wasting your time, this project isn't going to happen, and you aren't getting your money back." I've accepted that, but what is completely maddening to me is the lack of accepting responsibility by the creators. A simple note here saying "We apologize, but unfortunately business decisions have made this project untenable and it has been abandoned" would carry things a long way for me. Instead, by not concluding this project at all, it makes the backers feel like the creators just basically absconded with the money. Too bad. I liked CHIP and Pocket CHIP and thought this was a good idea as well. I highly doubt this was a scam. They came through on past campaigns and were in business for some time. More likely the legal fight over the product name or some other factor probably pushed them over the edge of insolvency. This is my second experience with a failed (not delayed) campaign and the first where I was not refunded, but for those expecting a refund please read the terms you agreed to and good luck to you. Much like the stock market or Las Vegas, don't play on Kickstarter if you can't afford to lose what you put in. That is the price of supporting unfinished products/ideas/concepts and hoping to get something first. Yikes! I just remembered this.¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oh well Rob, great idea. I DEMAND A FULL REFUND FROM KICKSTARTER If people still like supporting innovation, novel ideas and think nothing can be done, let me point out Nev Schulman and Max Joseph easily find people through a little internet research when they film their show Catfish. I’d contribute to someone’s plane ticket and possible lawyer fees after they fly to wherever these swindlers are and video them getting a beatdown. That would be cathartic and just. Crooks should live in terror and I’m all for funding this new reality show called AssKickStarter. Tell me you wouldn’t watch that as a youtube show? 3,683 backers already paid *Next Thing Co. $49 each. Wouldn’t each of them be willing to lose just $5 more. That would give one mercenary a little over $18,000. @Matteo, searching and asking is your prerogative but do you really think that will get you anywhere ? If the company went belly up and assets liquidated what the hell is you little message via LinkedIn going to do. May bring you a little emotional comfort to let some steam out, but in the end you have been fucked and will never see those dollars. Had your mom used a pelvic floor device she may have carried you to full term allowing your brain to develop properly you moron !!! @Matteo, originally I thought you were just upset at creators so rambled you concerns but now am convinced you are a real moron. Speaking in incoherent sentence fragments with an iq barely above zero. I am surprised you even know what a pelvic floor is you idiot. If you look at campaigns I support they are all great ideas regardless of what product they offer. I, as Keith and others on this platform have do and continue to do, is support innovation. Give the little guy a chance to bring an idea to market. Hey matteopascolini go phuck yourself. Don’t pick on jay he seems Like a descent guy. How about picking on the A Holes who ripped us off. He can come here every phucking day if he wants. Why do you care? I think we’ve all earned the right to bytch and groan as much as we want. It’s cathartic. As far as your “discussions” with KS and former employees who gives a phuck. Are we all supposed to be impressed you have some inside connection to KC or NTC? News Flash KS ain’t doing shyt. Thanks for the update. @Jay Fla why are you so against people complaining here?? YOU sound quite pitiful and like an angry little child thats been ignored and cant cope with it, if you dont like it stop coming back.... and why did you support a pelvic floor trainer?? very odd... BTW I had 'discussions' with KS and they acknowledged they are not going to do anything as it would look 'bad' to do so at this point. The few people from NTC I shook out of their hiding places all tried hard as fuck to distance themselves all but disavowing they worked there at all, which is funny as the one girl still has her job listed as being the COO of NTC ... so my advice to people here (other then JayFag) is to search these people out on LinkedIn or Twitter and keep asking them whats going on... #wheresmyvoder Funny thing about this being dead now is I got a new car and no longer needed this thing, so either way I was going to be out money. Update: you are never getting anything from anyone for this campaign so stop asking for updates or posting comments in this section. Starting to sound quite pitiful and depressing here with all the whining. You are certainly entitled to post but to what end...are you ever expecting anything to happen or you just vent waiting for another backer to acknowledge your pain. any updates? At least be like Peachy and go, yeah sorry, failed. Hey @JohnHay - You did't rain on our parade - the scum bags who conned us out of our money did. Our power as Venture Capitalist is limited because we are many. Any other VC would take the $265,331 LOSS, but they would also take possession of what is left of their failed Venture; PCs, LAPTOPS, Research, Hardware, Desk, Chairs, Modems routers, emails and Contacts. So NTC walks away with the $$$, all the contacts and hardware. So john, its not that we don't understand that their is no guarantee - we are PAINFULLY aware there are NO GUARANTEEs. But we are upset that NTC has GHOSTED and absconded with a quarter of a million dollars with no explanation or attempt to make their investors whole. So we have earned the right to Bytch and Moan. We've only received rambling Updates and Broken Promises. So please re-direct your smug attitude someplace else. Guys, I don't want to rain on everyone's parade, but you DO realize you're basically a small VC backer and there is no guarantee of return, right? I've done about 20 kickstarters and 18 have come through. That's not too bad. Whoops. wrong KS campaign. I'm tracking two failed campaigns, sorry for any confusion. Another login (Apr 25), another missed opportunity to update the backers. Did anyone else see his github push a few weeks ago? Skeletons of the Node Chronicles showed up. has anyone tried a charge-back if you've used AMEX? classaction.com will review the case for free class action lawsuit!!?? there should be an attorney out there to handle this. I will ask around. this is bullshit. "Be respectful and considerate." yeah, yeah, yeah. Contact us for a refund or a nominal cash amount? For those that hadn't heard - NextThingCo is officially kaput. A user on their official forums found out that the company has been sold to a bankruptcy liquidation firm. (Oversimplification.) There is no longer anyone at NextThingCo other than lawyers working to sell the assets and pay off creditors. In theory, they will contact all creditors and customers in the next month. <url>"...we're unable to facilitate refunds. In this case, we recommend continuing to reach out to this creator. If you’ve already messaged the creator via Kickstarter and haven’t received a response, consider reaching out through other channels. This could be the creator’s own website or social media channels, where they may be more responsive." I attempted a merchant dispute with my credit card company but they said, since i backed this so long ago they can't help. They gave me this number for the company (929)224-4943. No answer. What is the next step toward retribution? @keith - I’ve had three tech projects go south. No more backing tech projects. Yes @ Scott hindsight is 20/20, and yes you are right it was a totally different landscape two years ago. I do not know about anyone else but when I back this project my spidy sense was tingling and I and had a feeling this would happen. I was so excited about the possibility of having Alexa in my car I ignored my spidy sense. #lessonlearned I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @keith . Yeah hindsight is 20/20, but it was at a time where voice recognition started to become a real possibility. If i'd known more about the history of these guys, I wouldn't have backed them. I can’t believe I backed this product. I go back and look at the videos and they look like idiotic con artisit This is made for tv drama... LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO That people can believe whatever they want is the freedom to think and be naive at the very same time. (Innocence) I think not. I agree with @Jay Fla they outright conned us all. @XPS Don't bother, this company is out of business.Absent a miracle, you won't get your product, and you won't get your money, and KS will get their profit. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The lack of communication is inexcusable and something that a genuine startup would desperately try to keep as at the end of the day they are nothing without their customers. This was a failure for one reason and one reason alone. They just wanted this as an easy cash grab which seems to be something that can simply be pulled off here under the guise of small startup crowd sourcing. It’s a shame but the stark reality we find ourselves in. Accept it and maybe be on :) I hear this story time and time again about support the little guy and giving startups the tools necessary to thrive. While the case for crowd sourcing has merit and it the general sense it’s a powerful platform, some may take advantage of it to build a sizable golden parachute. This without a doubt is what our friends at next things did when faced with the realization that their chip board was niche and nobody needs it beyond the “hey look what I got...” discussion at the coffee table. Their message boards where dwindling along with sales and to sustain the low cost board the need volume purchasing which trey no longer had. The collective upset that the failure of this project has caused is without question and not having any sort of apology from Next Thing Co. is very much frustrating. So, were we taken? I don't believe so. I don't know what happened - did the legal fees of dealing with the Dashbot name run them broke? Did a key designer leave? Only Next Thing Co can tell us. I do know that something did happen. I lost $80. Yeah, that kind of sucks, but how many staff have lost their jobs? How many turned up to work one morning to find the doors locked and wages unpaid? I have no doubt that this project started out with nothing but good intentions and the wish to deliver another fantastic product - something that the creators have done before. Me? I'm going to continue to support the little guy, and it's way more fun than playing the lottery! Email to nexthing.co bounces. Yep. We've all been taken. Sticking to board and card games from here out. . . There are no lessons from this project other than how a bunch of scam artists can dupe a lots of innocent people under the guise of crowd sourcing. Make no mistake this was not a normal failure from a startup. They knew well what it means to develop a product at scale as they succeeded in chip. In this case they saw chip loosing its footing and slipping and company was going belly up. What better way to capitalize on your failure then create a phony campaign and dupe another set of suckers out of quarter of million. It’s shameful but can’t do shit about it. All we can do is learn and we someday need mone just create a a bullshit campaign and take the money before runnng. Sascha, thank you for the article. I noticed the article mentioned that it may be updated if they hear anything back from NTC (though I doubt that). Either way, this gives a little bit of a sense of closure, even if it is not pleasant. I'm glad this wasn't one of the more expensive projects. I've backed almost 50 projects (mostly gadgets, STEM related children's books, and film projects related to topics I want to support). Out of those projects, around three have been drastically delayed, however, two of those have been slowly progressing, and all three have kept communication reasonably open. This is the only one I've taken part of that has turned out this way. I'm not going to give up on Kickstarter, but will continue to keep my eyes open when I decide what to invest in! One of the nice things about investing in a Kickstarter project is that you have multiple types of "return" on your investment. We didn't get a physical product out of this one, but we did learn from it - a little about the development process earlier on, some things to keep in mind regarding research to prevent name trademark issues, and some from each other as a community. When I think about it that way, I can't be entirely bitter about this experience. Definitely a lesson learned though. Still no word from the creator? Well let’s got check my other magician projects, now you see us and give us your money then poof money and creator are gone. Funny @jayfla Kickstarter is more concerned about protecting the developer who absconded a quarter of million dollars, than the folks who backed the project. Just realized our dear friend Matteo had his postings removed by the Kickstarter police. I know he spent so much time tracking down the back guys and posting where they live so feel really bad for the chap :) My only suggestion is this: As kickstarter made their money from the start they don't really have any interest in the backers, they are happy sitting back waiting for the next small start-up to drop their 'grand ideas' onto the site - All any of us can do is not support anything related to the people involved with NTC, specifically the founders and spread such a recommendation to friends in the industry because I can guarantee you they will be back under another name selling another Dash...err Voder. The wonders that could have been done with a quarter Mil, if it was well managed. I am disappointed. Quite disappointed. an official comment/adjeu would have been the least we should get for our money. a comment from kickstarter would be nice too, at least they censor comments here (see ~8 comments below)... thanks for nothing, both! Sadly we will never see anything. Suppose those obligations that many have stipulated are not set in stone and true contractual obligations, but rather suggestions that creators should abide by to lead an honorable campaign. These guys are dishonorable and scumbags that created this campaign as a golden parachute knowing their company is going belly up. I know it and we all do, but it’s impossible to prove so therefore we get nothing. That’s life and as I tell my kids at times ... suck it up buttercup :) To those who like to arrogantly like to remind people that this was an investment, not a purchase: Yes, people understand that. As an investor it is reasonable to be entitled to some communication. To those who think it is reasonable that because it was an investment they could just loose our money: No, you are wrong. We, the backers, provided capital for the development of this product. It looks like they spent little to none of that capital actually developing that product. Therefore we should expect a refund of our well managed and well protected funds. Of course it seems sadly unlikely that out funds were managed well. Finally closure. Bury this product and company. Forget this campaign and stop posting rubbish here. If company goes belly up and is now subject to lawsuit from creditors we all just have to get in line and get scraps or few pennies during solvency hearings. If you guys have time to burn then by all means fight for the pennies. If not move on like I said long ago. Anyone can go out of business and can’t really fault them for it nor is Kickstarter to blame for it. Maybe stupidity or mismanagement but certainly not something that entitles you to a refund. Great info Sasha. Yes it’s over where is Kickstarter? Next Thing Co. are gone. <url>"go dark" after getting the money. Howdy, guys! Based on the comments I'm seeing, it looks like y'all could use some positive encouragement from someone with experience using Kickstarter (I'm still waiting patiently for the first game I backed!). Keep doing your thing; I'm looking forward to making my dumb car into K.I.T.T.! :-) For all the rest of y'all, relax. Kickstarters don't always work out; that's the whole point of crowdfunding. You're supporting an idea, not a product. If you don't understand that and think you're buying a product, stick with storefronts like Amazon… This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. On a Happier Note I received my VIVA Riav Alexa Enabled Charger, I am Very Impressed low profile in the CIG ADAPTER makes it look Factory, So for those of you who are tired of waiting head over to <url>’t think from australia I will have much luck finding the thieves on the street. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Sooooo, no product, no updates? Dudes, own up! Come on don't fight at the end of the day we all have been Bamboozled so please let's not argue amongst ourselves Unless you are talking about aviation it is 'right'. If you don't understand the information I am posting then that's fine but I am sure others can see chain attaching these people to NTC, and thusly the people who took our money. Your welcome. @Matteo, you caught me red handed. It was so good spending your money on the new Tesla. Not !! Again as I stated earlier floating useless accusation and posting random numbers is all you have ever done. Simply useless and even with my head in the sand I can see wright through you !! @JayFla ummm, if you can read and pay attention these are the people that took our money.... does it really need to be explained? did you not look up anything to do with NTC? I have a feeling that you and a few others here are just baits to try and calm enough people down so that you (NTC) can slip even further into the dark... i think you should go stick your head in the sand since you want us to all play nice... and if you scroll back far enough you will see that I was one of the OP complaining, soooo i was here first.... plus on the NTC forums, but you knew that since I see you on there all the time.... @keith, I too ordered a VIVA and it’s a great product. Arrived in two days from amazon and it just work well with very easy setup. Highly recommended to all who still want alexa in their car. @Matteo, is there a reason you are posting ? If you want to organize a grassroots movement then please say it and speak your mind. Either you spew random nonsense or you just post random addresses. You offer limited to no help so suggest you just cease and desist in all stupid actions as it taints the valid complaint that legitimate backer on here have. In fact if you delete Kickstarter app I think the platform will be much better off. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Dead as a door nail my fellow Backer. The Crooks are gone with the cash(This was the Idea all along). OK, so is there s solid confirmation that this project is dead? Just received my Roav VIVA. If you want Alexa in your car pick up the Roav VIVA on Amazon. This is sad, loved the C.H.I.P and thought that the Voder would be on the same level yet they took our money and ran. You would think after 2 successful campaigns they wouldn't stoop to this level yet this did @Ryan - yeah, no more tech backing for me. Worth a shot I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Wow. What a bad luck streak for me with Kickstarter. Think I'll stick to board games from now on. SmachZ ($600 Gone), Voder ($60 Gone), Pebby ($142 Gone).. Officially or Unofficially this KickStarter is DOA DNR The order is clear Dead on Arrival Do Not Resuscitate The fugitives? Are at large, and extremely dangerous. Take precaution and please call the authorities on sight. This has been a public service message. If you see something, Say something. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Unbelievable, I just got refunded from another project that I didn't expect to get my money back from after an almost a 2 year delay. Can't beat that! I just bought: Roav VIVA, by Anker, Alexa-Enabled 2-Port USB Car Char... Alexa on the Road VIVA brings Amazon's advanced voice service into any vehicle. Enjoy an ever-expandin... oh wow @lukemesenbring when you click on the pre order link above it goes to a dead page. So how long will Kickstarter allow this to stay up ? Will we be notified of their failure 403 Forbidden Code: AccessDenied Message: Access Denied RequestId: 15734A93972EED78 HostId: WLFKtwfMSftCcH5B2jzxTph7m7I6nR+xwQa7E7z/1N5RDYPVVeftdFpf6/o2LTbNNqgW4m0YRcY= Wow Thanks @masonstone I will proabbly order the Roav Today. This is a good example of why we come here. I like to stay up on the latest Tech and had never seen this before. This is also a great example of at this point who give a Frack if this product is ever made. As I have said in earlier post..This product (if ever created) is soooooo out of date. Why would I have a Big Ugly Box on my Dash when I can have a very Sleek Car Charger that no one sees its real a no brainer Check out the Roav Viva, an Alexa-enabled car charger. <url>"Next" platform to continue Scamming hard working people. This was surely a well planned, well orchestrated theft on Kickstarter. The $272 Thousand dollar Kickstarter robbery... I’m hoping someone will submit to classaction.com 250k they may just be interested in picking up the case. LOL @ Tim. Dude its not gonna ship they went belly up Anyone submit this to classaction.com? how has this not shipped www.classaction.com offers free case reviee Got to agree with the prevailing opinion these programs are 98% a waste of money. I've been burned too many times. I think maybe the Kickstart idea has come and gone. Another great disappointment on this project. Ok, I'm pretty sure these crooks went off with the money and we'll never see the product. I'm done with KS ! This was my first kick starter I will not do any more. I read all these post that say well this is Kickstarter so you should know x y z. That’s very frustrating I think we can all tolerate/except 1 to 3 month delay. I have backed 5 kickstarters and all are late with the exception of the toilet light. I fault Kickstarter for not being honest about the Risk. If they would have told backers 90 percent of the “project s” are a year + late I would have backed this project $265K Heist! This was DEAD the moment Kickstarter wired the Money over the the Creator Leeches. Their names forever engraved on this KS as the Vermin that made $265k and ran before anyone realized what happened. Hey is this thing still dead? Looks like it oh well. I wonder who the 3 backers that pledged for the 10 pack of Volders are? Really sucks to be them. After their invented C.H.I.P. discontinuation fiasco, they took a bailout from this KS. Now go and retire to the scum hole you came from. <url>’t be a moron and accept what is happening. So far all I see from you is ranting and raving. Have you done anything useful to even try to get your money back. Or are just sitting on your lazy ass wants no for us to do it on your behalf. Please enlighten us to your brilliant plan on how we can all get this resolved. I am sure he intelligent people here are willing to listen. If you don’t have one which I suspect you don’t based on your random ramblings then pipe down and go fu$& yourself !!! @Jay Fla then why do you keep coming here??? if you have given up then fuck off, coming here acting all 'accept it and move on'... wtf, if you want to give your money away then thats your issue.... maybe you are one of the asshole creators at NTC and are trying to make this pass so that the NTC guys can try and scam more people... I Love it @Jay fla, you said it best. I check in to see how badly the suffering is. Lmfaooooooo. The theives broke into the Kickstarter house and they are long gone. The horse is DEAD. One last poke at the @Creators What you did right as far as the type of slimy, scummy, low life's you people are: You Lied. You Cheated. You Stole. So you now have a future to look forward too. I sincerely hope you continue on your path, when things get tough and you find yourself in a rut, think about the family you abandoned and robbed. But I know you are on to your next caper. Your good though, no need to look over your shoulder, nothing is coming. Remember, in biblical times they stoned people like yourselves. This comments section is nothing more then therapy at this juncture. It offers 0 value and will never amount to anything beyond justifiable disgruntled venting. You as I know this campaign is over and everyone lost their money. Stop posting here and move on since life is to short. I certainly feel a weight was lifted off my shoulders after I accepted this failure. In other words, just fu$& it and move on !! How is this pile of shit doing? Many things happened in my opinion: Too much was spent on fighting for their original name CES in Las Vegas showed that smart voice activated computerized dashes are going to start coming standard in vehicles People can tether an Amazon Echo Dot to their phone and achieve the same DIY automobile smart panel. Last communication from them stated the product was going to ship unfinished and unrefined instead of a complete "Ready to Go" plug and play product. I am pretty sure they took whatever money that was left and bankrolled it. To all those posting about invoking their kickstarter "rights", please have a look at my comments, kickstarter will not honour them. I have emailed them more than once and they have stated that their T&Cs create a contract between the creator and the backer and not between the backer and kickstarter. Once the money has left kickstarters platform they are no longer interested. I will never back another project on kickstarter. So, I’ve backed well over 100 kickstarter projects, and while many have been very late in release, there are only four I can say have either failed, or been fraudulent. The first was a project so speculative I expected it to fail. One was a complete fraud. The guy took his money, and didn’t update once. The pictures of the product he showed were of an already manufactured product. The fourth, the product was delivered damaged, and the creator has done nothing to resolve the issue. Then there is this one. Was it fraud? Maybe. Bad business planning? Definitely. I think the real question here lies with Kickstarter. They’ve been of no help in any of these cases, yet they profited from all of them. I think Kickstarter needs a better vetting process for projects, or needs to agree to refund a portion of the revenue they received to backers when it is clear the project fails. For me, no more backing of tech projects. They seem to fail the most. The Voder Day Massacre 3683 Backers Swindled out of A grand total of, Drum Roll please? $265,331 USD by dishonest Creators. That's right Ladies and Gentlemen. Take a bow "Creators" Now you may applaud... No more kickstarters Yep. I'm done with Kickstarter. This was a scam and the lack of updates from anyone or consumer protection is a joke. Ok COnfused, have read through these posts, wow this is a real pain, I backed them for both the C.h.i.p and C.h.i.p pro and did not have this issue??? anyone have any recommendation on what to do next? Very disappointed in both Next Thing co. and Kickstarter. I agree maybe best not to back kickstarter projects any longer!!!!! yeah, I don't think that works l invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey Backers, I have some news from the Non-Existent "Creators". This was a complete dud! With better than exceptional marketing from experienced Con-Artist. Want more? Stay tuned... I like Indeigogo guranteed shipping heres muse what voder was supposed to do. <url>"Poo Poo on a Stick" that is what they had in a nutshell. never got an answer - shame on you. bad project creators. I emailed twice for a refund....they only responded the on the 2nd e-mail and i never got my refund. In the end, this project is just a basic development board with some hardware stuck around it and still they could not deliver. I give up on kickstarter. Class action.com This project appears to be a dud. Asked for a refund from the creator last year. Still no response. Bad investment. This company will be if not already a complete failure. Honestly I loose trust... So many frauds here So... Turns out kickstarters T&C they don't actually enforce and it's for us to take up with the creator: Hi Michael, When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator. This is described in our Terms of Use. These terms outline the responsibilities of creators and backers. It can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will only use this provision in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Kickstarter provides a platform for creators to bring new creative projects to life. With that said, project creators are responsible for their own projects. That includes reward fulfillment, refunds, and communicating with their backers. Kickstarter is proud to offer a way for creators and backers to work together. We're not, however, party to the relationship between them. We don't research a project creator's viability, facilitate refunds, or help fulfill rewards. I hope that this helps to address your concerns. Let us know if you need anything else. Best, Gary @Michael - That's pretty much boilerplate they send out. I doubt Kickstarter will actually enforce their own TOU. Latest from kickstarter and my reply Support (Kickstarter) Feb 28, 5:11 PM EST Hi there, Thanks for following up, and sorry to hear that backing this project has turned into a frustrating experience for you. Kickstarter’s mission is to help support creative freedom and independence. Our site operates on a system of trust – we expect and encourage creators to be honest with their backers about project delays when they arise. While we provide a platform for creators to fund their projects, we don’t step into the actual creative process itself or manage the fulfillment and shipment of rewards. If you haven’t already, it might be helpful to read through our Terms of use, which outlines the responsibilities of backers and creators. We hope that helps to answer your question. Please let us know if we can help with anything else in the meantime. Best, Gary To which I replied (using their T&Cs) Ok. Thanks for the reply. Under your current terms and conditions <url>“When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: • they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; • they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; • they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; • they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and • they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers.” There has been no communication, no talk of how the project will conclude (even if it is failure), of the 5 bullet points above Next Thing Co have delivered on none of them. Michael You know the Report This Project link is like the buttons at cross walks, they are only there to make you think you are in control, they don't actually do anything. I'm in several projects where Everyone has clicked that link, and not a single blip from Kickstarter. We are on our own. Shall i venture to say the terms of service has changed since oct 2014. What is this nonsense about invoking your rights. This is crowd funding and you have no rights !! Don’t like the platform you can just leave or join the activist movement Keith is promoting. Either approach you take you are still rest assured to never see this money or a voder product. Just my two cents and willing to bet two more that I am right :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I will be writing letters to the attorney general(s). Kickstarter may refuse to respond to me or give me some bull shyt answer. They can explain to the government why they are raising funds but not following their own t a and ca This project is already outdated I've respectfully requested a refund from the project creator. If they don't respond, that's the way it is. If they respond, then great! Kickstarter's like the stock market. You're providing capital that you may or may not receive a return on. However, the company or group running the kickstarter puts their reputation on the line. If a project creator doesn't deliver, or doesn't provide a good reason on why they can't then their name is mud, and all affiliated with them have that black mark. I'll wait and see. If nothing comes of it, I learned a lesson for $75. For those of you 'invoking your rights'.... you don't have any. "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." NTC can take as long as they want and put out one update a year about work that should have take a week and there's nothing we can do. Kickstarter has refused to respond to our requests. This project is dead. IF this company ever does put out a product (unlikely), it will be a heap of outdated junk and only put out to avoid refunds. Never back this company again. Email and tweet to this company, spread the word about this fraud. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Plus the shipping cost. @keith: Only for US backer ? Class action.com l invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Just put in another complaint to kickstarter for them to ignore... This project was successfully funded in Dec 2016, since then the company has been silent. There are a number of backers on the project, including myself, who would never back another project on kickstarter due to the way you (kickstarter) have abandoned us the backers... your customers. Emails and complaints have been met with a wall of silence. We hear nothing from either you or the creator, you've both taken your money and stuck two fingers up at over 3500 people who make this platform what it is. You won't even acknowledge that under your own rules (<url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." ) this project is a failure and we should be refunded. Disappointed doesn't cover how I feel about your platform and I am sure there are a number of projects that I would have supported if I could trust the platform. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. <url>"study" is 3 years old? Where is the current data?. Why aren't they doing it annually. 2) "In March 2015, we invited a scholar from the Wharton School" Invited mean kickstarter paid for the study which means they control the outcome, and can tweak the finding anyway they like. Where is the supporting data? Where are the projects that he looked at? I am sure if there was a study done by an objective 3rd party the results would be different. 3) Where are the stats on delays, So if a project starts in 2015 and finishes 4 years past the date I would hardly call that a success 4) Kickstarter and Next Things are full of Shyt I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount <url>’t like it you can always block the delete account button and never is this platform again. Not trying to sound mean but we do live in a free country where you don’t have to use something if you don’t like it. If lots do the same conditions and policies will change. So instead of begging for govt intervention start a movement to force large companies to change. I think there needs to be a FB page to warn people about Kickstarter. Issues like what percentage of products fail. What percentage finish on time. I am sure their number would be different if they said only 5 % of their projects finish on time. Call in the fbi, cia, and while you are at it maybe the kgb. If anything Putin may be able to help us !!! Hurry up since time is of the essence. If you do not act on this note within the next 48 hours this message and the whole chat thread under this crappy voder product will self destruct. You have been forewarned ..... @james has some amazing points. Congress should investigate these "Kickstarter" sites they are raking in tons of cash with no oversight If I work out the number of successful projects (8) vs non-successful (2) I've backed, that's not really a very good track record. And I know others have been even worse. If I then work out the money I've personally lost on the 2 x failed projects (~US$260) vs the money I've saved by pledging early on the successful projects, it balances out about the same. For that reason, I refuse to back any more Kickstarter campaigns. I will also do my best to belittle these bulk funding sites on social media. I do understand that there is an inherent risk to back campaigns from start ups and similar, and that's the risk the backer takes - however losing money isn't really my main gripe. The main issue I have is 1. Total lack of transparency between KS and the campaigner 2. Zero enforcement of providing regular updates / no requirement for ongoing communication 3. KS don't give a FUCK - when reporting a campaign NOTHING EVER HAPPENS. KS wipe their hands of the campaigner as soon as the MONEY IS IN THEIR POCKETS. They are greedy c**ts. There is zero come back for the backers and when it really boils down too it, for failed campaigns its ALWAYS the backers that will lose out. Ironically, a lot of projects on here you can simply search Aliexpress or Banggood or similar sites, and there are often cheaper and sometimes better alternatives available that do a similar thing. I've bought literally hundreds of items from these Chinese sites, and EVERY SINGLE ONE has been delivered within ~4 weeks. FUCK YOU Kickstarter and FUCK YOU NTC. You can shove Darth Voder up the dark side of your arse. For anyone looking for a development board that's available right now to build your own "voder" clone. Take a look at this <url>énart. If you know anyone else please post! @Matteo, reality is not as sweet as the fiction you paint for yourself. If that’s what gives you pleasure and gives you a restful sleep then enjoy a world where voder delivered and you are speaking to it in your car everyday. Feels good ? I prefer to live in reality and based on past experience see no possible way for you to ever see a penny from this company or Kickstarter. Back to my underground hole :) bye !! @Jay Fla why do you come here, everytime I see you post its always about giving up, if you want to give up then do so and go away, I dont understand why you poke your head out of the sand to tell everyone its dark.... Reported There seem to be categories of projects that have high success rates, and others that are plagued with failures and frauds. If you are hoping you get back any money by clicking.... its futile. Kickstarters will get a bigger headache if they refund. Just check the top 20 highest revenue projects and how many failed and if any of them got a refund then you will realize what a sham kickstarter is. Kickstarter has plenty of Tylenol so clicking will do nothing for you. But certainly click away if that bring peace and happiness to you :) I hope you all are clicking on the ‘Report this Project’ - at least if we give Kickstarter a big enough headache about this we may hear something. I have asked for a refund a number of times and have NEVER had any response from these people to any of my messages. Never again with this Company. Disgraceful behaviour bordering on fraudulent. @Tony, this of course assume the company is not bankrupt and has no real assets to give you, but certainly a class action lawsuit seems appropriate here. After all our lawyer fees are paid we will all be in the red by a few thousand dollars :) seems logical to move forward... @Ely Jevon goson Awhile back I used this link to change my delivery address: track.getchip.com I any of the backers are from England, this is something to consider. Their courts have ruled that crowdfunding IS a contract of sale, and the campaign company can be held liable. <url>"exorbitant", though class action lawyers may be exuberant when they get paid. I requested a refund as soon as they announced the change in focus, and while they said they would process one, I doubt I'll ever see that money back. It hasn't soured me on Kickstarter, though. I still have hope for this project. According to their blog, they had issues with customs and that delayed their CHIP shipments. They suspended any orders on their website until they fulfill all of those backers first. Since that component is the heart of the Voder, we'll have to wait for them to get more stock in. Now if you remove legal fees they are probably on the red and owe the lawyers. Only way a legal case makes sense is if it’s for class action were all litigants share in exuberant cost of legal counsel. So in a nutshell we are all screwed. A word of caution... buyer beware :) Thought this might interest you all: admittedly it's with indiegogo, but the principle applies <url>"buy" or "order" anything. You backed a product that failed and your money is GOne bye bye. @ William - I think the problem people have is they were dishonest or ill prepared. If they said hey this project is not gonna be ready until 2019 or maybe never lots of us wouldn't have backed the product. It's called sitting proper expectations. You are right William most things on KickStarter are very late and thats a big part of the problem Kickstarter is not UPFRONT about the Percentage of projects that Fail or the precentage of products that are on time because they do not want to hurt their bottom line. If they were honest and said 98 percent of the project are a year or more late. They would not have so many backers My argument is that by concealing this Fact Kickstarter is behaving fraudlent because they are not sharing the true risk. I agree 💯 with William. Your continued patience will pay off I'm sure. People, don't pledge on Kickstarter if you're not willing to be obscenely patient. Backing something is a trust fall. You're voting with your money that they will succeed with the product/proof of concept they displayed. If they do, reward you with said product. If they do not succeed, we all lose. I use American Express instead of Visa or MasterCard. They go after anything that’s ordered and not delivered. I don’t think that any of us are going to ever see this product. I’m going to let the fraud department know that I paid for this item and never received delivery. As far as supporting Kickstarter programs, I’ve received some fantastic creations in the past. It’s very rare that you have someone that you supported just disappear. We can huff and we can puff but still won’t blow the house down :) It’s been over a year where are our dam devices! This is crazy. What a bunch of thieves. I know it's probably a pointless comment, but has anyone heard anything about refunds or product readiness from either NTC or Kickstarter. This is beyond a joke. I don't even know why NTC offered the olive branch of refunds, I guess stave off any hope of us getting credit card refunds. I'm done with kickstarter, I understand what people are saying about backing an idea and I agree I knew my money was at risk, but this isn't a project where the "creator" has put their hands up and gone "sorry guys we can't deliver, we f**ked up", I would have a lot more respect for them if they had done this. They are still promising a product or a refund, and kickstarter won't step in... sorry for my frustrated rant! Two Years in Development is not exactly what I would call LATE. This is a quarter of a million dollar fail. Since they fail we as backers on everything all their crap and unfinished work. It should be passed along to another developer to finish or intergrate but yeah this is a fail I'm just going to leave this here for NTC to confirm or deny: <url>"Alexa" in car device rather than a development model. This project is such a disappointment, especially following on from the CHIP. Well, anker makes an alex device, so if you still want a carputer for $50, they make one now. It also charges two usb devices. That is what I am getting now. SAD at least tell us that you failed instead of just hiding. I just received a letter from the California Attorneys General office. The are in the process of contacting The Next Thing Co. Maybe they will have better luck than the rest of us. If not, I might try contacting the federal version as this scam has crossed not only state lines but country borders as well. Oh, people are so fickle, aren't they... :) Still waiting for refund... My cc insurance cant help here as its outside their 75day timeframe. That raises huge flags for any kickstarter as most projects will be working beyond this timeframe. 1x dashbot + shipping and cdn exchange sees me over $100 worth of pissed off. It's now been 30 days since Daven Rauchwerk has signed into Kickstarter. It's very clear that they've elected to take the opinion of the ostrich, where if they stick their head in the sand, the problem will go away. Unfortunately, because Kickstarter refuses to weigh in at all, they are likely correct. Refund requested. This timeline is absolutely unacceptable. This whole project has soured my opinion of Kickstarter. I understand the hurdles faced in business, but all communication has been marketing spin. More transparency would have gone a long way, but my patience has worn thin and my goodwill has soured. I am no longer willing to sit by awaiting this product to be finished and shipped. Technology moves too fast and you've missed the window, in my opinion. I will not back any more Kickstarters EVER again every project has been late and the comments are all the same. When am I getting my stuff. The answer is always tooling we are in China or this or that. We all understand that Kickstarter is not a "store" but we also expect developers to meet their commentments. And we should not have to take Legal action to be protected. Kickstarter should do more to protect the end user. As far as this piece of shyt, who gives a F if they produce it or not. There are no less than 3 other devices on the market or headed to market that is way Better than Voder. Do us al a F ing favor give the F up and give us back the little money we have VODER will never happen. I agree with @David silence from Kickstarter is unacceotable. Every project I have backed on Kickstarter has been Late. According to the Terms and Conditions the only recourse we have is to sue. I think Kickstarter and the developer should be sued. Kickstarter is responsible because they withhold cruicial information for decison Making. What % of projects complete. What % is completed on time? By withholding this info and not making it avilable they are complicit Projects and companies fail, we all know that. But why has there been no single word from Kickstarter as the go-between? Would it be so difficult to tell the backers: "sorry, looks like this does not happen?" It would be so easy, just send an Email, write something in the FAQ/Updates... Certainly I will not back another project with kickstarter... Correction: have to have some positive attributes (SMH) I feel that if you want to be a creator on Kickstarter, you have have some positive attributes to start with but these Next Thing people were on to the "Next Thing" before anyone could figure out what they were really up to. Ps...I do think that Kickstarter should change their flags on campaigns that say "successful" to read successful in getting the funding but "failed" to deliver a product! So at least others are not misled into thinking "successful" campaigns are really successful from a backers point of view, when clearly failure to deliver any product to backers is a dismal "failure" not a success! Just re-read Matthew R's comment and like others realised that his obscure wording was a "joke" and he really hasn't received anything just like the rest of us! Out of 15 or so Kickstarter projects I've backed this is only the second to fail to deliver. Even the small projects that ran into problems had the courtesy to keep me and other backers informed and I totally agree with the previous comments that most of us would have appreciated an honest "we really screwed up and blew all the cash and can't deliver" comment than a cowardly running away without a word of apology etc. Worse still to offer a refund and even send out some emails (bogus or well meaning) saying our requests had been received and would be processed in a couple of months...Perhaps they were expecting only a few folks to take them up and were shocked when they realised if they refunded everyone who asked they'd go bust. I am more likely to see a flying pig now than a product or refund from this campaign. Is anyone interested in supporting my bolt on wing kit for small porcine creatures? Do you hear that? That's "Voder" talking to us, What did Voder say "Suckers! got you to believe in this one, just goes to show you how easy it is to separate fools from their money" So prior to christmas, I contacted Stanford University, where Ben El-Baz is listed as a sloan fellow. I got an email back this morning from Stanford, (The were on vacation) saying they were starting an investigation and are going to consider revoking his title. It may not get me my product, but at least it will give me some level of comfort knowing that there are consequences for going dark. This is the scoundrel & the culprit behind the scheme to defraud 3,682 backers as one person figured they would say they rec'd one. Founder & Chief Executive Officer Next Thing Co Dave Rauchwerk Read the terms and conditions all you can do is complain to new york state where kickstarter is located if enough people complain govt officials will investigat4 start with the bbb If they invested in bitcoin they should be doing great. Kickstarter removing the ability to get a refund is all the more reason not to ever invest in kickstarter For those of you who are "invoking their rights" quoting the October 2012 term of use, you don't have those rights on this project as this project was created in 2016. Here's a link to the terms you agreed to for this project: <url>"Buy ntc a coffee" pledge. I don't think Matthew R is actually claiming to have taken delivery of anything. The way Matthew R wrote the comment is vague and a little odd. Personally when I write a comment on here I check back well within 3 days to see if it's been read and understood. - I appreciate that this is just noise and isn't really helping anyone... Obviously like others I am expecting a long overdue update. Since 1 person said they rec'd a Voder, that leaves 3,682 backers defrauded. That is 3,682 voices & backers looking for restitution. WHERE IS THE LOVE THEY SHOWED WHEN THEY TOOK THE MONEY? NO WHERE! So... I was surprised this had not delivered based on my previous experience with this creator... WTF? When will it be in my hands working? I agree with @Dielectric and would add that HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. Not that Next Thing co. would know anything about that. $265,331 raised, to make a semi-sentient car-puter. Honestly, the amount seems really low in hindsight. That barely keeps the lights on for a handful of engineers for a few months. I have a couple of CHIPs from NTC and while they were late to their posted schedule, at least they kept updating during the process. That one raised them about $2M, then they had to redesign using their Chip-Pro for Voder. I backed another project where the goal amount, again, is really low in hindsight. The guy wanted to create a whole book and STEM curriculum $17000, then went totally dark and torched his whole online presence. I don't think either project was a scam, even now. They're just teams biting off way too much for too little. Engineering is hard, and expensive. Risk factors are hard to quantify or predict sometimes as well. But, YOU DON'T GO DARK ON YOUR BACKERS. Post a tearful apology, explain that the refund money is never coming, and just let us move on. People like the creators of this particular Kickstarter are always looking for ways to beat the system. Which is exactly what these low life's figured out. Not that Kickstarter would have known as the platform does It's best. I believe they are doing their best to make the platform better. What these common criminals have done is they are full-fledged "Digital Opportunist" waiting to upset the system. They should be punished by the fowl stench left by their digital foot prints. TAKE THAT TO THE BANK!!! Another project gone under. I'm in the middle of a good handful of these failed projects right now. What annoys me about all of them is that they're completely protected by Kickstarter's terms and conditions, and we all run the risk of not receiving the end product when we pledge, but still instead of being transparent about the situation, they leave us in the dark. It's terrible practice that Kickstarter need to seriously look at preventing in their agreements for project creators, because it's happening way too much. I am a passionate Superbacker who's wondering if this project due to mis-management simply ran out of funds. I also invoke my rights under Kickstarter's rules to receive a full return of my trusted funds to "The Next Thing. Voder has been in development 413 Days @Matthew R, that's the weirdest shyt I've read on this thread thus far. Anything is possible, but to believe that Next Things would send you and only you a Device (that at best would be beta) and not mention that they have started Beta Testing does not make any sense. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Ahh. I don't see a way to edit comments. Sorry Mathew. I just got that you were being sarcastic about having gotten one....And just saying what you WOULD say if you ever got one. Mathew I'm skeptical. Your "review" is as generic as a horoscope. If you have a device in your car post a video somewhere. @Mathew R Matthew that is good news that you received your unit perhaps you can do all the other backers a favour and post a short video review on You Tube with a link so we may have some faith that the product really does exist? Perhaps you should not be surprised that the complete lack of communications from Next Thing about the products status has let some backers to post "ridiculous comments" here's hoping you'll come through with some useful feedback where Next Thing have completely failed. @Matthew R I'm glad you've received yours. I'm excited for mine. I hope I get it soon! Thrilled to hear they're being seen by backers. I received my Voder three days ago. Works great! Sleek design and fits nice in my car. The text message readout and ability to play music on command is amazing. The previous is my prediction on what I'll be saying when it is finally received. Otherwise, I'll be coming back here to LOL at some of these ridiculous comments. I still believe in you. I pledged my money to you hoping for success but knowing their could be failure along the way just like any other kickstarter. I will not ask for a refund because you've likely already used it on parts and man hours. I send you warm wishes and hope you are able to release in the coming year. yeah what Scott said Sent to Stanford’s MSx director: I noticed you have a web page for Ben El-Baz where he is listed as the executive Vice President of The Next Thing Company and a Sloan Fellow. I wanted you to be aware that this company has defrauded several thousand individuals out of a total of 1/4 of a million dollars. In addition multiple complaints have been filed against his company with the attorney general of the state of California. This does not tipify someone who should be called upon for advice, professional knowledge, or a reality check at important times in their careers. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I have sent countless emails to company and comments below. Have not received my refund as promised by company or product. This apparently is a lost cause. Wish we could bring a class-action lawsuit against them. It would just cost too much money to do so. For those who are interested in following my lead on the Attorney General Office complaints, below is the link to his website: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have tried emailing both KS and NTC.... what a joke. The KS platform and the NTC product. This and another couple of products I backed this year have turned sour. I am won't be backing any more projects... So KS you have lost my cut of any future projects. A really sustainable business model. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I have sent countless emails to company and comments below. Have not received my refund as promised by company or product. This apparently is a lost cause. Wish we could bring a class-action lawsuit against them. It would just cost too much money to do so. @Jay Fla I did once, and why do you keep being a nancy? If you don't want your stuff then that's ok, I / We are going to keep at it.... maybe you are an NTC guy trying to dissuade everyone.... Seems he moved onto bigger and better pastures and based on profile is spending time on blockchain and bitcoins. Good luck getting his attention now. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Lol. From their faq Page “We promise to keep our backers updated and informed about any issues that may arise ¡VIVA Voder!” Yeah right. Well this one turned sour. I don't get how these people can make a couple of decent projects then do this. Well I do, sort of, this was nothing more than a cash grab before they go bye-bye IMO based on what little reputation they had to begin with. So long money, but enjoy it creators, you will need to feed your families and pay your creditors in the coming months. @Jon Raymond: well said. "... Businesses fail and as you said there is inherent risk with Kickstarter projects. The difference I see is failing with honour and transparency and failing with suspect actions. Outright ignoring backers, offering refunds but never following through and not being open with how funds were utilised puts this campaign in the "suspect actions" variant." @Ken Koch: I agree 100%. "Perhaps if all KS fees were held in escrow until the project delivers they would have more incentive to vet projects/teams" DOES SOMEONE HAVE THE NAMES OF THE FOUNDERS AND PRINCIPALS OF NTC? We need to memorize these names so we know who to avoid dealing with in the future, even if they change their legal entity or company name. They're blacklisted in my book, until they prove themselves worthy if trust once more. These guys are on vacation spending our money and all we can do is squabble and complain. Forget these scum bags and enjoy the holidays. Hope this comments section dries out and these guys never start another campaign again.... :( It's also very telling that if you follow the Pre Order Link on KickStarter it says that the item is sold out. I take that to mean there will not be a product and they are afraid of getting into trouble for taking "Pre Orders" as opposed to KickStarter. Scott if they came up with something would you really want it? Have you seen the Garmin Speak? Its clean and Sleak and has a screen. I like my car and I don't want to put some Half Baked product by developers who do not know what they are doing. If anything is produced I would sell it on eBay the day I got it. At this point I wouldn’t expect any product at all, and zero help from Kickstarter. Well said Dave I think that Monthly Updates should be required. And once you pass your target date you should be required to give weekly updates. These guys are scammers and losers and in over there heads. Dont hold your breath for a refund - I am betting that they deliver a shytty, out of datem, buggy product. Where is the damn refund you morons, thieves, and scum of the earth ??? I am yet again asking what I need to do to get a full refund from your company?! I followed your last recommendation of sending an email in, and I have done that twice yet I have never received a single reply or my money back! This is a scam and I do not want to be part of it any longer. I want my money back now! It’s because of companies like you that I will never support another crowd funded project ever again. This user's account has been deleted. Hi , I'd like to have my money refunded. I have lost all faith in this project and in the people behind it. Hi, I'd like to request a refund This was my first tech kickstarter support, and given what has happened along with two other tech projects, I doubt I'll significantly support tech projects ever again. Refund requested, I emailed <email> is that the correct email address? Where is my refund? These guys are scammers and losers Well said @jonraymond I call BS @victorsmith. I think jon did a great job of explaining the "problem". We all understand that Kickstarter is not a store. Although it's not a store the developers do agree to be honest and transparent. I do not think anyone is going to go bankrupt over this loss. But it makes folks Angry when you lie to them and fail to meet your commitments. I have given up on EVER getting anything. It has not been released and it is already out of date. IG GARMIN SPEAK @Victor Smith I think there is a difference between this and what I would call a failed business venture. Businesses fail and as you said there is inherent risk with Kickstarter projects. The difference I see is failing with honour and transparency and failing with suspect actions. Outright ignoring backers, offering refunds but never following through and not being open with how funds were utilised puts this campaign in the "suspect actions" variant. It makes this campaign feel like more of a scam than a failed business venture. I don't really understand the problem everyone has with this. Isn't the point of Kickstarter to fund ideas that can't get commercial funding? That inherently indicates a risky product idea since if it wasn't risky they could get commercial funding. Don't people fund it 'cause it looks interesting and nobody else is doing it. At least that's why I fund stuff on Kickstarter. I'm hopeful eventually I'll get something, but if not I figure that just goes with the territory. Just another in a growing list of projects that on the surface are a great idea, but the people behind are unable to execute. I do agree that Kickstarter has a growing credibility problem when they take their fee and wash their hands of any accountability towards delivery. Perhaps if all KS fees were held in escrow until the project delivers they would have more incentive to vet projects/teams versus hiding behind a TOS that "absolves" them of any responsibility. <url>"businesses" screw over people..... making Kickstarter the worst of all the money **** out there. They could stop all of these dishonest activities, but won't because they get the dollars no matter what happens.... so complaining to kickstarter will never help your cause. Might be time for a class action law suit against Kickstarter to get their attention... if it starts costing them their precious dollar they might give a shit about the people getting screwed. Even an update saying they are discontinuing work in this would give closure. This has been the worst Kickstarter I have been in I fort a company who has released actual products would actually care about the community that they apparently care about so much 90 days since a refund request and nothing... Wow! Even the pussys at Wikipedia seem to be trying to cover this fiasco up.... i bet NTC pays them nicely to keep their page clean.... what a shame, at least when NTC folds they wont give a crap anymore and we can put the truth up, I tweeted @wired to ask NTC about Voder but I get the feeling they wont.... Apparently the guy deleting the Wiki edits is a Guy Macaroni, when looking at the wiki page at the top left beside the logo there are two tabs, an article one and a talk one, click on the talk one and add your comments to the conversation!! he says he doesnt have time to look into the accusations but at shorepoint he will..... wtf, fuck off then.... your just another lazy self righteous asshole then.... Well it's been 90 days since I submitted a request for refund. Still no refund. Brendan - don’t expect delivery at all at least his point. will this be ready Before Christmas I just checked their online store and they don't have any inventory at all... all meant to be shipping in November. Guess they burned through all our cash :( Still no sign of an update or a refund... Very good comments @jayfla - what coffe cup coaster - I saw that CHIP thing and it looked like a piece of junk Companies don’t and can’t edit their own wiki on Wikipedia. There are a bunch of editors that have these rights and who police the platform. Like I said it’s a fruitless exercise. As much as a hate these morons for stealing I love my time and find spending it on bashing them unconstructive and downright useless. They are a skeleton of a company with all original founders gone. They are just trying to liquidate all remaining chip computer inventory since nobody in their right mind would buy those expensive coffee cup coasters. WIKI Blocked my IP for what they consider "Vandalism" I Consider it to be the truth. There will be more EDITs @ Scott I re edited their page 4th time oh well - Now when you click on Company website it brings to the comment section interesting they would rather keep checking WIKI than answer to their backers. Hey give me fracking money back and I will go away - I hate a theif Yes Agreed Voder is gone belly up - not the first time I lost $50.00. If anyone has anything they would like to add to their wiki page let me know Gonna keep on Note pad as they keep changing. some A Hole Emailed me and was like oh I changed it back because your comments were not constructive. FRAK that! Looks like they removed the comments about Voder from the wiki page again. They aren’t belly up, they are in full denial mode. Their web site is up, last time I checked, and they were responding to forum posts. So it’s not that they have gone belly up, but they are ignoring this project. Guys I hate to break this to you but they have gone belly up. You can complain and scream which will all fall on deaf ears. Take it in the chin like a man and keep going. I suggest you spend you letter writing campaign efforts elsewhere where you may find some results from all your hard work. I am sure there will be some disagreement to my statement and cannot stop folks from complaining but offering my 2 cents so you can go off and have a new e holiday season without these clowns in the back of your mind.... Voder is 143 Days Overdue They have twice now edited their WIKI page to try and HIDE their Failures. I wish they would devote as much time into editing their WIKI page into creating a project. ALso rebecca I filed my complaint against Kickstarter. I recommend that they will do nothing but maybe the number of complaints will get their attention. I am writing a letter to my Senator. I have said all along its about the principal. No one should be able to raise and not have to answer. Everyone has a boss. In this case its us because we are the ones bank rolling their campaign Thanks Dave for ripping us all off - hope you are enjoying spending our money Great comments @rebeccahamby - Its a shame that they have so little respect for themselves that their page has come to a place for people to GRIPE and COMPLAIN instead of talking about the actual project. NTC is not some faceless company its a company ran by three losers here are their names Dave Rauchwerk, Gustavo Huber and Thomas Deckert I updated their WIKI page to tell the TRUTH and they edited it back. I will continue to EDIT their WIKI page to let people know the TRUTH. Please join me in letting the world know. There are 3,600 backers and they have $265,000 of your money - Take Action File a complaint with Kickstarter, FTC, and BBB. Make sure that they do not remove the Truth from their WIKI PAGE. It seems as though they are not even working on this Product? When you go to their TWITTER page they are showing some crappy hand held device. <url>#CHIP_computer I’ve lost hope in this being a completed project. Believe if you do produce a product it will be far less than what was promised. I would like a refund if you’re not able to create what was promised. I would rather have them Chase their tail and GO Under and deliver NOTHING than Deliver so HALF BACKED PROJECT that is out of date before it is delivered. So at this point the best we can hope for is a product that's out of date before its released. So I will use all legal methods to let everyone know to AVOID NTC and that when STUFF goes down KICKSTARTER is not your friend they are only in business (despite their lofty goals they are a business) in it to make $$$$ - Let me remind you how much these scammers have pulled in - $265,331 - I saw a posting on you tube where someone complained to the FTC maybe TRUMP needs to investigate KICKSTARTER Let's Really get their Attention. I have never done this before. But I am going to try to EDIT their WIKI Page and let the world know what is going on - I have ZERO experience doing this so if anyone else is GAME have at it <url>’t file a compliant because of the slim choices we had to choose from. The ones that fit I had to go through a lawyer. :/. Next step - Linked in. Sent multiple emails and got two back they have received my request for refund. Initial request sent in August. The Next Thing Co. is a hoax and scam artists!! They deleted FB but still have Twitter if you go to the Con Artist Page its all about some crappy hand held PC that looks 30 Years old Can someone Troll them on Twitter <url>’t intentionally defrauding paying customers...are you....? Return my money. This product is commercially available now. <url>"Want to bring Alexa into your vehicle? You now have a few options, including a new $49.99 accessory from voice tech company Speak Music, which is launching Muse, essentially a Bluetooth-enabled Amazon Echo for the car. The small device allows you to access Alexa skills while on the go, using voice commands and the "Alexa" wake word, while connecting to your in-car stereo system via Bluetooth, aux input or USB." Am waiting for commercial product. Give it a few months and there will be one. Kickstarter is all about getting first dibs on a dream and ultimately the best you get are flawed products or delayed products that are copied quickly by smarter engineers. Patient and you will be rewarded with a real product that works :) These guys are nothing more than a consortium of clowns !! If only the Muse was shipping to the UK :( Here's another - I'd never back it - but its out there - <url>#/ Here is another device yo bro.g Alexa in your car. www.alexaforcar.com @alanmcgee ah yeah. I have emailed newspapers about this con artist. I would tell anyone that listen I found Daven Rauchwerk ( CEO of ntc) on LinkedIn perhaps we should tag him on there and tell his business contacts the con artist he is. Several more capable developers have beat these losers to market Alexaforcar.com Now over 2 months since I sent my request for a refund. No updates on my refund status, no update of delivery of my refund. Next Thing have de-activated their Facebook account to hide away from all the bad press. What a group of con-men! Give me back my hard-earnt money you group of........! What a waste of time and money. 1) I doubt it, 2) Good question, 3) Given what I'm seeing, its not going to be exciting. Day 70 since my request for refund was submitted. I sent a refund request to the email address they indicated. I quickly received an automated reply that the email was received and someone would respond. One week later, I DID receive a confirmation email from someone that they received my request for the refund and it would be "processed in the coming months." So, only 3 questions remain: (1) will I ever see said refund, (2) what do they finally ship, and (3) will I wish I had stayed in and received the final product? In the meantime, I'll pop some popcorn, sit back, and watch the show. Hello, I have just asked for a refund; no confirmation mail from <email>... I hope we could have finally money back Development can be hard and for so many stakeholders much harder. It's regrettable to see a narrowed scope but it's better to have something launch than not. Keep up the progress guys! They can stuff their "Be respectful and considerate" in a sack,. I treat others the way I am treated. To ignore your backers is the Ultimate in Disrespect. If they are this far behind they are either not investing the time in the project or in totally over their heads. #nomorecrapstarter Please take a moment to share your feelings with the BBB <url>"mad money" anyway. However, this project is officially off my radar, succeed or fail. I wish the best to developers and supporters. I'm outahere. Good luck guys, I only pledged $5 but I'm feeling your pain. Let's hope these con arrests get what's coming to them Thanks @ jay fl - Keith n Miami. I think a flurry of complaints will get their attention. These guys are in over their head and someone made a good poiny about the promise to refund is binding. Why wait til January to refund? Since this project was listed as one of their favorite projects i think they have an extra responsibility. Complaint with bbb officially filed. I hope these guys get their act together soon. Suspect they are desperate and trying to show some sign of commitment to their backers. The informed among us can quickly see through the scam. Please complain to the bbb. They provided an "update" one day after the bbb complaint. If one complaint got there attention imagine what 3000 complaints would do. These guys have 260,000 thousands dollars of your money and have over promosed and undelivered. Ironically my previous comment being badly translated by the voice recognition on my phone - but at least it can do npr one and Google Play to my car radio No Google Play on NPR one?! Those are the only two things I listen to in the only reason I wanted this. Seriously time to start demanding refunds I think <url>"Prototype,' and they've made no effort to discuss a new estimate of delivery. Not impressed. Another update arrives. It STILL doesn’t address the vast number of requests for a refund. This was my first experience of Kickstarter, and obviously my last as the entire process is hugely tipped in favour of the supplier with no real rights of recourse to the people paying their money. Kickstarter should be ashamed of their inaction. Sadly, as they clearly rale in vast profits they have no motivation to deal with rogue companies like ‘The Next Thing’. Submitted my request for a refund a month ago please do something about that. Fully agreed - this is not what we backed and I too would like my money refunded Great comments please take a moment to complain through the bbb. It will be interesting to see how the fact that in Update #7 Next Thing Co. offered full refunds, in writing. It is my understanding this a legally binding contract and supersedes Kickstarters "no refunds" stance. I gave them a month since their last update to clarify what appeared to be a shift in what the product is supposed to be. I have seen no public clarifications, and my direct KS message went unanswered, so I will be requesting a refund. Now, the question becomes, not "will I ever see my Voder" but "will I ever see my refund". Legal issues, and the silence because of that, aside, the lack of clear communication is unacceptable. I think this is the first of 50+ KS's where I'm asking for a refund. Yes it was a form letter. But its an open complaint with the BBB. They only responded when I made an External Complaint. What you received appears to be a boilerplate email they send out every time someone files a complaint. It’s an exact copy of what I got three times. Gary (Kickstarter) Oct 19, 4:56 PM EDT Hi Keith, Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. I’m sorry you’ve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so — it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But it’s important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned — or from happening at all. This certainly isn’t ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Gary I emailed Kickstarter a month ago. I only got a response when I opened a BBB Complaint - basically they are going to email the developer they can email whoever they want but I want my MONEY back and you should too. 3,683 backers pledged $265,331 KickStarter Generic Response MESSAGE FROM BUSINESS: Hi there, Projects that launch on Kickstarter are often very early in the development process. This gives backers an opportunity to be a part of the creative process from the beginning. It also makes backing a project on Kickstarter different from purchasing an item in a store. Project creators set an “Estimated delivery date” when crafting their rewards based on early estimates as to when they may be able to fulfill. This date could slip, however, based on the demands of a given project. When a project is delayed we expect creators to keep backers updated. In some cases, we’ve found that creators have difficulty posting updates if they feel that their project hasn’t made enough progress to satisfy their backer community. With this in mind, it’s important to remember that creators may be undertaking an endeavor for the first time and may not have previous experience dealing with shipping, or a background in customer support. We hope that backers can be understanding when these situations arise. If you have questions or concerns regarding the status of a project, we encourage backers to message the creator directly. To message a project creator, visit the project page and click on the creator's profile image. This will open up their bio page where you can click the blue "Contact me" link to send them a message. For more tips, check our post on communicating with project creators: <url>"This isn't unique, here are two other cases where the behavior of the creator was unacceptable at best, and fraudulent at worst). I did suggest that they should be publishing success rates by category, because I've found some categories are extremely reliable, while others are considerably less so. Do any of the backers have experience filing a complaint with the FTC? It's not about the money. It's about Kickstarter's Reputation and Trust between the developers and backers. I have backed about five Products and most of the conversations are WHERE's MY STUFF? Should KickStarter Keep and publish Stats of the sucessess rate? Are they seeing numbers that suggest that 50 Percent of the Products FAIL - if so that's info I would like to know going into the project. Im on board with Tony. Does anyone have an extra $250,000 they can spare? I emailed Kick Starter. NO RESPONSE. I told them if they knowingly allow developers to post collect money when they know they can not produce - they become complicit with the Fraud. The guy still has a Link up to his site to Dupe people out of more money. Maybe its time we take this to the real public. I found this on the web. It turns out that the Federal Govt can do something.Though this case is not about ours, it shows that something CAN be done. <url>"Company" and their actions. Otto = failure using chip Voder = failure using chip Chip = fad and now dead paper weight Next Things is realizing themselves that chip has no real use beyond providing a catchy one liner “$9 computer” Just checked out Garmon Speak - I dont EVEN want this Voder Junk Anymore - I hate old tech and this Project is an offical Fail I am calling it - Time of Death October 17th 2017 at 10:08AM EST - So on the off chance I got one it would go on eBay or the trash - So someone asked why come here? Now it's just for sport - Im gonna make sure I get in $49.00 worth of **** an complaining. NAIL MEET COFFIN Garmin teamed up with Amazon to make a tiny Echo Dot for your car This is EXACTLY what happens when developers are LAZY and don't no what the &**()&&*)#Y) they are doing! We may not be able to get our money back but we can break the internet with our negative post and giving Next Things Co So much negative ink they will have to spend money to change their letter head. Next Things Co equals Broken promises I was just about to post this <url>ón Los Angeles La Nación 116,256 Daily The Press-Enterprise Riverside Digital First Media 92,697 Daily San Francisco Examiner San Francisco San Francisco Media Company 75,009 Daily San Gabriel Valley Tribune Monrovia Digital First Media 57,558 Daily The Daily Breeze Torrance Digital First Media 57,185 Daily The Modesto Bee Modesto The McClatchy Company 56,723 Daily Los Angeles Daily News Woodland Hills Digital First Media 56,493 Daily The Press Democrat Santa Rosa Sonoma Media Investments 54,000 Daily Long Beach Press-Telegram Long Beach Digital First Media 41,038 Daily Inland Valley Daily Bulletin Rancho Cucamonga Digital First Media 38,286 Daily The Tribune San Luis Obispo The McClatchy Company 35,000 Daily Chico Enterprise-Record Chico Digital First Media 29,000 Daily Santa Monica Daily Press Santa Monica Newlon Rouge, Inc 28,000 Daily Santa Barbara News-Press Santa Barbara Ampersand Publishing 25,973 Daily The Monterey County Herald Monterey Digital First Media 23,862 Daily DailyPress Victorville New Media Investment Group 23,000 Daily Times-Standard Eureka Digital First Media 23,000 Daily Glendale News-Press Glendale Tribune Media 22,000 Daily Palo Alto Daily Post Palo Alto Daily Post 22,000 Daily Merced Sun-Star Merced The McClatchy Company 15,952 Daily Lodi News-Sentinel Lodi Central Valley News-Sentinel Inc. 15,000 Daily Napa Valley Register Napa Lee Enterprises 11,947 Daily The Daily Californian Berkeley Independent Berkeley Students Publishing Company 10,000 Daily Student The Stanford Daily Stanford The Stanford Daily Publishing Corporation 8,000 Daily Student Daily Bruin Los Angeles ASUCLA Communications Board 9,000 Daily Student The Salinas Californian Salinas Gannett Company 6,207[1] Daily Daily News Red Bluff Digital First Media 7,500 Daily Redlands Daily Facts Redlands Digital First Media 7,470 Daily Manteca Bulletin Manteca Morris Multimedia I just sent Kickstarter a message and asked them to remove the Link to the Voder Store. I also asked what they are going to do to make the backers whole. This is official a Project Fail and I think we need to organize and raise funds to sue him and Kickstarter because they are complicate to his fraud. I am willing to chip in for a Lawyer in Oakland CA and possible name Kickstarter. I do not think money or a product will ever be collected. But I think if we can raise the FUNDS to sue Kickstarter and the developer, It will send a strong message to developers and Kickstarter that this is no joke. We are talking about a quarter of a million dollars. This story needs some press and pressure applied to Kickstarter. Someone needs to hold the scum bags responsible. **** and Gripping gets us no where its time to take action. I am going to start emailing news outlets in Oakland. The media loves stories were suckers (us) get taken. whoops, hit enter, $15 respectively) . I hadn't realized that this company took $250K in kickstarter funds, and is being so non responsive. THis is the third project where I see the line being crossed from "failed project" (which does happen) to questionable practice. The previous two were relatively small ($3k, and $1 I think we leave comments to brain storm away to recover something like Bonnie said there are terms and conditions. What does Kick Starter do if the backer doesnt meet their terms and conditions? NOthing. Continue to collect money for them by posting their link. At what point does Kickstarter become liable. for the Quarter of a Million Dollars these guys have collected. Kick Starter should remove their link from their page <url>“developer” project versus what you offered via the campaign? I’m not a developer, I backed for a completed project. Been a month and a half since I requested my refund. Still no acknowledgement. This company is a total joke! Refund ?!?! As backer #2533, I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please refund my $58 immediately. REFUND please Thanks Mark. I agree I have never heard of a company shutting down their FB page unless they went under. And that explanation provided makes no sense. I am so sorry I ever signed up for this because I dont think they will be giving refunds. Is anyone backing CHIP (similar product with a screen). Refund ?!?! Refund ?!?! Refund ?!?! Why hasn't kickstarter forced the hand of these jokers. 8 updates in 10 months is not good customer service. The product has changed from a finished product to a developer product, i'm sure thats not what most people were hoping for. Now they have shut down their Facebook page as they didn't want to be associated with the negative feedback. I don't know of anyone who has received their money back. All in all i can't ever see this product seeing the light of day and this company desolving itself. They are a joke !!! Who in today’s day and age shuts down their social media presence. Company are all scrambling to get on social media so this makes no sense. Unless they already went belly up and don’t want people leaving bad press so they can continue to dupe investors or Kickstarter supporters..... I see Next thing is shutting down their Facebook page on Monday. Hi Facebook friends, We're posting to let you know that we're shutting down the FB page Monday, October 9th. Facebook has never been a good way for us to engage with our community and it is not an effective or efficient way for us to provide technical or shipping support. Going forward, to receive customer and shipping support, please send us an email to <email>. And to keep up with the latest projects and announcements, follow us at @nextthingco and join the conversation on our forum. <url>"Project that we love" When I look at their updates they act like the product is not overdue. They will not be giving refunds if they were giving refunds they would do so now not wait til January Refund ?!?! This project is complete garbage. We all want a refund and don’t want to ever hear of this company again. They took their micro controller, put it in aplastic case, and added some open source software that is already available for over Linux distros. This is a joke of a kickstarter campaign. We have been asking for updates and have contacted everyone possible without any success. I don’t care if you created chip, flip, or tip. If you ignore your customers you deserve to go out of business and have your assets liquidated for pennies on the dollar. I hope this is last we hear of this joke of a company and anyone who continues to support these guys is just as insane as they are. That's just it. I don't WANT to request a refund. I've asked them publicly and privately to please clarify their recent vague statements regarding "what Voder is" that appears to have changed from what was originally described in the campaign. If they want to keep my money, they need to clarify. Otherwise, I am "THIS" close to requesting the refund. @Jay Fla: you need to send them an email for a refund request as they stated in their last update: " Withdrawing Support We realize that Voder’s progress may not meet your expectations. If you decide to withdraw your support from this project, we will honor your decision and refund your pledges in full. We will do our best to process them sooner but refunds may take up to 90 days. To request a refund send an email to <email> with the name and email associated with the pledge. " <url>"Thanks for reaching out" email. Refunds ?! Where are they ?? I reported this project to Kickstarter for false claims. For people not aware, they've recently tried to sneakily pass this off as a "developer board" to expand functionality upon. When I initially backed this product, I thought I was getting a consumer ready product that would act as an in-vehicle assistant. Please request your refund now, if you have lost confidence or have some doubts. I mirror Gary McNeff, I would like a list of assured functionality. Got a quick question about the mics. If I 3d print myself a case to fit in an empty port in my centre dash (basically flush with the shifter stick), will you guys have different choices for angled microphones depending on the location and height of the driver/passenger when you ship? Keep in mind guys that they might be hoping that enough people try to get a refund so that (a) they dont have to produce as many and (b) they might just get enough cancellations to shut the whole thing down and not come out with the product at all.... I for one want to hold their feet to the fire, as long as they have our money they are in a legally binding contract.... I am waiting until February to see if they come out with something and if not, I know names and addresses where I can go knock and ask... Okay, I genuinely appreciate the update and have no problem with the timeline (though I obviously wish it were sooner). My problem is that I need you to tell me, in plain English, what type of functionality this will have when shipped. Again, I don't have any problem with the fact that you had to change some things around from when you initially created the campaign, but I'm not a tech geek like some folks here and I don't really understand what functionality will or will not be included. I initially bought this because of the Alexa functionality. Is that still going to be available at launch? What about the other functionality that was in the initial campaign? A simple list of what was initially expected and a "yes" or "no" for inclusion at launch would be greatly appreciated (and understandable for an idiot like me). With that I can make an informed decision if the product will still meet my needs. Without it, I'm taking a shot in the dark. Thank you! Yah!! FINALLY some traction... *please* keep the regular updates going They just posted an update. I for one believe in these guys......ya things got pushed back but I'm confident they will deliver. It's an awesome product. If people are nervous about them delivering then maybe kickstarter isn't the place for you to spend your money. Just wait until they sell it to the masses. I got a response via their Facebook page saying the refunds should be expected in 3 months. However, they said 3 months on the 23rd of August. Nearly a month ago! Not holding my breath. I received the same message . I think is a bot I got this email yesterday: Hello Michael, We have received your request to withdraw your pledged support from the Voder campaign. We thank you for your support and you can expect a full refund to be processed in the coming months. A final confirmation will be sent as soon as your request has been processed. Everyone at NTC thanks you for your patience! -- Lara Finally a reply. Obviously the sentence "the coming months" worries me. Good evening, My weekly comment re:no contact from Next Thing. It has now been just shy of a month since I requested my refund via direct email to the address provided, via the kickstarter message function and also via Facebook IM. Total acknowledgements? None. Appalling customer 'service', Utter joke of a company. Hey everybody, I did get an actual response from NTC a few minutes ago. Needless to say, this didn't give me a whole lot of solace. I responded because I can use the $ they drew from my card 10 months ago. See, I live in the Houston area, and because of Hurricane Harvey, I can use every penny I can get my hands on now. I will post the response from NTC, if any, when I get it in. Hello Roger, We have received your request to withdraw your pledged support from the Voder campaign. We thank you for your support and you can expect a full refund to be processed in the coming months. A final confirmation will be sent as soon as your request has been processed. Everyone at NTC thanks you for your patience! -- Lara Lara, I appreciate the sentiment. However, I need to receive this refund a little sooner than "the coming months". I live in the Houston, Texas area, and as you well know, we were profoundly affected by Hurricane Harvey a couple of weeks ago. This whole area was decimated by the flooding, as is well documented in the media. While $58 doesn't sound like much to you or your company, I could use every dollar I can get my hands on, as soon as possible (not in "the coming months"). Considering the history of this campaign, and my current financial predicament, is it possible to get my refund sooner? I've reported. I'm going to give it until 28th September for someone from next thing co. to respond in this section or give an update or i will cancel. We have all been really patient with them but this is now becoming a joke. Worst customer service I have ever seen seeing it doesn't exist. I deserve my refund next thing co. Give it to me. You can report KS projects there is a link at the bottom of the "read more about this campaign" page, so backers do yourselves a favor and report them for lack of communication. The more people that report it, the more chance something will be done about it. I get they are a small team but they need to learn customer service is paramount to the success of a business @Jon I sent them an email asking some basic product question. None of which were difficult for them to answer, and none were asking for a refund. I received the exact same response. I am going to give them 1 month to produce another update with information. If none, I will begin going down a list of services that reviewed their product (ie: TheVerge, PCMag, Digital Trends, etc) and ask them to investigate publicly. Maybe when NTC starts getting hit in public they will begin to respond. Personally, I think this latest update was just another stalling tactic. I did get a "Request Received" automated response to my email. The first paragraph was; "Thanks for reaching out. Lot’s of folks are reaching out right now, so it may take a few days or so to get back to you. We read every email, and we respond as quickly as we’re able." It then went continued on with the C.H.I.P. community etc etc I requested my refund by email direct to their address and via kickstarter messages on the day of the final update. No response nor acknowledgement of either message. These people are destroying their online reputation. I'd suggest it's not recoverable now. Just a note, if Next Thing Co. handles refunds like other campaigns (in my case Pebble) than anyone that actually receives them is automatically removed from the campaign and thus will not be able to post that they received it. It's a terrible system PR wise as it only leaves all of the unhappy people able to post in the comments. This being said, I have not received any sign of my refund. The clock is ticking. Nope, still not had any answers from then in response to my refund...this company is a bit of a joke... Has anyone who asked for a refund heard anything from Next Thing Co? I emailed them and understand it could take 90 days for it to be processed, but I haven't had any form of reply Why can't kickstarter make these people purchase a bond or insurance policy to protect us as investors. It wouldn't cost that much and they can add a few dollars to cover it in their price. That way if they are scammers the insurance company will chase them down. This is Kickstarter and it's tech. Delays are inevitable. I wouldn't have expected trademark conflicts to be a delay, but there you go. The switch from 'finished' to 'development' is concerning. Although I think the hardware is probably the easiest thing to make at this stage (with prototyping all complete). So if we're waiting another 6 months, I'd suspect it'll ship with the necessary software. The FAQ answers a lot of questions about what features Voder will have and support. Most of the entries are updated august 15 so the original claims about functionality still are valid it seems. Despite the delays and lack of communication I will keep my pledge for now. @robert I'm sure Microsoft offer hardware support for their xbox dev program, as I am sure many other companies do. I'm not sure how firmware updates count as end user support, I am certain most companies offer firmware updates to fix their wrinkles in production and development kit. I wasn't expecting gold service support, just somewhere to report things if something didn't work as I expected, i.e Alexa or Spotify stop working, with their latest update (if I read it correctly) it would be down to me to fix it, this level of consumer support is the difference as I see it. @Jacob Liu: they stated in their last update: " Withdrawing Support We realize that Voder’s progress may not meet your expectations. If you decide to withdraw your support from this project, we will honor your decision and refund your pledges in full. We will do our best to process them sooner but refunds may take up to 90 days. To request a refund send an email to <email> with the name and email associated with the pledge. " <url>"powered by CHIP Pro" in the campaign. lets not forget that they stated in update #5: "Once Dashbot’s software is released, anyone can begin implementing additional features" <url>’s clear that this is now a development platform not a polished finished product. Not what I bought into so refund requested. Update is up! Never doubted. Well, we finally got an update - but now we have to wait until 2018 to (maybe) get something... Update <url>"We promise to keep our backers updated and informed about any issues that may arise" This campaign is a joke. By the time they release anything it will be so dated we can only use it for a paper weight. Total bs and a scam to get our money before folding up shop and moving onto next startup. Mark my words...you will never see a thing from them !! Will come to these comments in 1 year and see the same complaints being hurled at these scammers. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Thank you @Adam. I thought my sarcasm would go un-noticed. LOL!! i am done with crowdfunding kickstarter,indiegogo to many scammers out there ,VODER send refund or just admit you are another lowlife scammer Well I'm sick of throwing money down a freaking drain, begging them for an update Kickstarter should step in and speak for all us backers instead of this silent treatment. If either Kickstarter or NTC have any credibility left they should tell us either way and if they can't fulfil their contractual obligations for what ever reason we should demand to see their accounts for this project. I want to know where our money has gone cos we sure don't have our products we were promised. Kickstarter get your head out of your arses and demand explanation NTC has a contract so use it. Or have you no balls.� Try to get a hold of them on twitter at @nextthingco and @elevenarms That was the last UpdteNext Thing Co. says: Hi Wolfgang We will have an update with progress reports and fulfillment as soon as the ink is dry on our cease and desist. We expect this to happen soon. Thanks for your patience. <url>"break" ? I think we should all give them a break. They are working as fast as they can. Its not their fault it has been -273.15c in California for the last 4 months. If they say anything now publicly they show intent to deliver which is fraud since they have to intent to ever deliver. That is why they remain silent and continue to collect preorders. @fraudsters, Now that your scam has been exposed you should close shop before you get slapped with a lawsuit. I won't even go as far as call these clowns a creator since that give them legitimacy they have neither earned nor deserved. The company is likely dissolved. If you look up Ben El-Baz you quickly see that he has moved on from next things in July. This name change is a scam to get more preorders on their site. They never intend to fulfill those or this kickstarter campaign. The way kickstarter is structured, there is nothing preventing scams like this from happening so get used to it is what they say or take your money elsewhere....am leaning towards the elsewhere approach as I don't work hard to earn my money to pay scammers !!! Fuck you kickstarter. I'm more pissed off at the way you knowingly make profit from a business model that has zero liability yet guarantees you maximum profit at the detriment of backers. What's stopping me creating a bullshit project that I'm knowingly going to post fake updates, make you a percentage cut and me a retirement fund? It's like setting up a fake charity and hoarding cash. You've collected funds, made your profit, thrown the rest of the money at the creator with no care in the world. FUCK YOU. Last project I'm backing, proportionally across all projects I've backed to date I've spent the same money that I would buying similar products off the shelf. I get the risks but this is bullshit From the FCC application I found the registrant as Ben El-Baz and the CEO is a Dave Rauchwerk at 1940 Union St #32 Oakland CA 64607 415-216-8100 <email> This is really a bummer. Should this company be reported to the better business bureau as a scam This worked for a couple other kickstarters <url>#@ about the money, just talk to us, tell us 'hey man, we got fat and lazy off the last good kickstarter we spinned our wheels for a bit but we are getting things back in line now that we got this legal shit dealt with'... just something..... anything... I was amazed looking at the promo video, christ gimmme that!!! even if it looks like a smoke alarm stuck to my dash, hell do I care... I also think that we won't have any update what could we do now ? the project was signaled to KS (no answer ); every subject talking about the lack of update on their forum <url>’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Gary -------------------------- This user's account has been deleted. I also was on the Chip KS. It took a bit longer than expected, but they communicated more frequently during the project. I am extremely disappointed with the communications this time. I emailed them again for another update and no response yet. I am in agreement, I think it might be time to get Kickstarter involved. Hmmm... I'm a little disapointed. I purchased two CHIPs when they were on KS, and these guys delivered as promised. I'd like to believe that they're progressing, but... we're well into August, and nada. @Doug, any idea how? Kickstarter have ignored my emails. :( well, then, this might be a dud "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a RECOURSE if they don't." Sounds like it might be time... Given that the reasons given seem to be a legal issue. The first communication should be... Sorry about the silence we are now ready to ship! I'm betting it won't be though. This is probably the most frustrating project I have backed. It's also likely to be the last. As someone else just said this is exactly the reason crowd funding will fizzle out. Hmmm, I am finding the lack of update concerning now. Why the radio silence crap? Contacted Next Thing Co. via twitter and they actually responded within 30 mins but ghosted me once I mentioned I was looking for updates for this kickstarter. Really sad. Kickstarter has a long history of not doing anything about projects that go dark like this, unfortunately. They place the blame on the project creator, who does in fact, have the money. Projects like this are exactly what will kill crowdfunding. Taking the money and running.. no updates, no communication. Just dead silence. Estimated delivery, August 3017? How do we get Kickstarter to start the process? Their terms seem to suggest one or the other. Given the silence it should be easy for them to decide. I've tried contacting Kickstarter and didn't get a response. This is directly off of Kickstarter. They should be giving us updates through their troubles no matter what is going on. Even if it’s just a simple sentence. No excuse from the creators to not follow what they agreed to through Kickstarter. I “What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a Project Update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill.” Another day without news. I get you have legal issues, but you could at least check in. Please give us an update!!! How long should we wait now? @NextThingCo. @David, I get it. You want us all to lay low and stay silent hopefully by it will work out well. All the while they continue to evolve and make money off their other product. You know what Einstein said about reappearing same behavior and expecting different outcome. If not google it and you will see... On a serious note we have these guys ample time to say anything and have only been met with auto responders and other stunts. Their chance has past and think it time for action. They need to acknowledge we exist and keep us informed on what to expect or we as a community have no choice but to let the world know what's going on. I am never suggesting a smear campaign but rather telling the world exactly how they treat their supporters and letting the world decide what to do with that information. I don't buy the notion of staying silent so they can survive ... @Jay Fla, I am not pitying them. I am making a suggestion that is in OUR best interest. @David, have you visited their site and forums lately. If not I suggest you do and see a flourishing company that all but forget this project with all it so called legal actions. Before you pity them and try to tear jerk us here..take a peak for yourself. You will be enlightened with what you see. Folks - You can't judge this Kickstarter on the same scale as others. They were threatened with legal action, and have an obligation to themselves and us to protect what they are trying to build. We have a choice: Believe that they are doing the best they can, or be a pain the the a** , and possibly do something that will cause problems for them. This can cause the very thing you think is going on, that they are going under. We don't know what advice their attorneys are giving them, but often attorneys in these situations err on the side of being safe. Please give them the chance to follow that advice to benefit us. Thanks! Love to see everyone's anger confined to this chat room. Not !! Nobody will ever hear you and that's precisely what this creator wants to see. If you feel compelled to complain please do so on their forums or social media. If it hurts their wallets they will respond. The name change update came quite close to when I posted this suggestion originally which is no coincidence. Yo, what's going on bro? Not quite sure how an update in April states more updates soon, and 4 months later there is still nothing. Are you even working on this, or did you grab the cash and run?! Am updates one way or another is better than ignoring us! Voder ? More like DEARTH Voder ! So a name change but no update. C'mon guys... this is a joke Hello, see a lot of complains about the communication. Just to ensure the message is important. Let us know what is going on. Thanks! Another day, another respectful and considerate "Where's my stuff? Where are the updates?" comment from a disappointed but still cautiously-optimistic backer I don't suggest anyone back a project by this group. The lack of communication and inability to deliver the product is down right disgraceful. What's going on here? Can we get an update? Another day, another day of silence. Agreed, it's been five days since you said an update would be coming soon. Let's go! Getting impatient. Update please. How long does it take to send an update? REALLY? Why oh why is it so hard for the creators to put an update on this site? 21st April was the last official communication on here and I assume something must have happened between then an now even if it's drinking lots of cups of coffee with their lawyers! Come on creators have some respect for the people that supported you and put a minute or two's thought into putting an update together. I've worked on many projects in the past with some serious legal restrictions but none have prevented some commentary and feedback to the people that need to know...i.e. US backers. We've been patient with your boiler plate email replies to individual enquiries NOW is the time to put finger to keyboard and draft a meaningful status...like many backers on here this project is the last one I'll ever back on kickstarter as failure to communicate is the biggest reason for back frustration. I'm big enough and old enough to take bad news (like we've hit major technical or commercial issues) but lack of communications is nothing if not rude...meet your obligations and talk to us please. What is going on with this project??????? Can we please get an update? I live very close to the offices maybe ill just come knock on your door? I find it interesting how they had the time to get onto Kickstarter to make the change to the name and ordering. They had the time to make the change to their forum page on their own website. Why then, can they not find the time to provide an update to those who provided the funds for their survival. They now have gone to the stage that it is OK to take this to the public sites as they have officially failed to meet their last couple deadlines and have avoided providing information regarding the actual state of the project as well as an updated timeline. Changing their name seems to have only been a stalling tactic rather than an actual and meaningful update. NTC lover here. Looking forward to delivery/updates. It's ok to delay, but please update. Thanks for the update Scott. Although I'm disappointed it did not arrive during their predicted window... I believe they will fulfill the orders. They created the CHIP which I backed and it was delivered. Kickstarter backers (and especially superbackers) should be well aware of the potential delays products such of these will incur. I understand some people have been burned on projects but these comments are riddled with negativity. Kickstarter...not Kicktodeather Today's email from Next Thing Hi Scott, Due to a trademark dispute, Dashbot was renamed Voder which celebrates Bell Lab’s first attempt at speech synthesis. Now that this matter is coming to an end we are working on that long awaited progress report and updated timeline. Thanks for your patience. Updating the name and description of the Kickstarter seem to suggest they are ready to talk to us soon. Interesting, they have a Pre order link now, but still no update as to when the original backers can get delivery. When adding voder to preorder cart it is still marked as dashbot. Are we truly voder now ? Would' like creator to formally announce this name change to ensure its real. Certainly a good first sign to see creator acknowledge the product exists on those main page. Am I wrong for thinking that any updates should have appeared to backers first!? So exactly what is the status? Are we to expect delivery soon? Omg. Is it alive ? There we go, Dan. Next Thing's website has been updated as well. <url>’s first attempt at speech synthesis. Thank you to the community for all of the name suggestions1! There were so many! We had a blast going through them. Many influenced our brainstorming sessions, particularly the ones that included “voice” in some form like Vox (CoPilot) which was suggested by @Plangdon. We also appreciate the historical context the new name brings and we hope you do too. For those who have not been following the topic closely, this name change was prompted by a trademark dispute. If you have any questions about the Kickstarter campaign, please email <email>. We hear you, a long awaited update is coming. Thank you for your patience thus far. /Lara *Next Thing Co. is not affiliated with or sponsored or endorsed by Dashbot, Inc. looks like this mite be another kickstarter fail.... I agree with Scott. They are just stalling by not providing updates. Personally, I think they have been out of cash for ages. They may well have used backer funds inappropriately and so are trying to sell other stock to raise more capital. Whatever their situation is, they have crossed the line over to the dark side. The 'ProductPreviouslyCalledDashBot' will soon be obsolete. WhatWasThatThingCalledBot WasteOfTimeBot CHiPoffTheOldBlockBot WhatAJokeBot TheInkWillNeverDryBot @James Nice! :o) Maybe Next Thing Co had an accident that caused mass amnesia? They could just not remember that this product exists? ;) @Herbie - it would be nice if they did something for everyone here, other than send out repeated messages saying they will be providing additional information which never comes, however it is increasingly feeling like a stall technique while they continue to sell, and make money at their other products. I keep hoping that they will eventually provide us news, but it is seeming like it is less likely every day. It would be nice of Kickstarter to step in, contact the producer, and try to get a story, but they have a history of doing nothing in these cases. Wenn ich wegen Namensrechte und Produkt Nutzungsrechte mein Geld zum Fenster raus werfen muss dann bleibt für das Endprodukt kaum noch was über. Dann ständig neue "Gesichter" in deren Videos die an alles mögliche werkeln da fragt man sich wie hoch dort der Personal Schwund wohl sein wird. Und ob sie noch in der Lage sind ihr gesteckten Ziele zu erreichen. Ferner man fragt sich was man noch glauben darf von dem was sie sagen. Ich würde es begrüßen wenn in einem Video alle daran beteiligten sich äußern und Klartext reden. Sollte "Dashbot" nicht machbar sein dann... Geld zurück oder preisreduzierte Produkte .... Pocketchip ...C.H.I.P. @James wtf bot lol David- normally I would agree with you, but what appeared to be reasonable legal issues now smells of being a stall tactic. Replies to information requests have been the same boilerplate for weeks. Using their own language, how ling does it take for ink to dry? The thing is, to get what we want, i.e. our bonuses, is unlikely to occur, leaving us with having to decide what are we willing settle for. For many this is to insure this company, and its principles, are not allowed to benefit from this Kickstarter project, and are not allowed to create another campaign in the future and make it successful. So will going public get us the product we hoped to receive? No. Will it protect others in the future? Maybe, and that may be the best we can expect. I don't think that "inflicting financial pain" is the best way to get what we want. We live in an age where an internet rumor can wreck a company. They told us that there was a legal challenge, and we don't know what they have to do to get past it. Patience may still pay off, but if it does not, we have nothing to lose that we have not already. So I recommend that we wait and see. Today's response We do not have a public update at this moment. Something is in the works and we will get it out as soon as possible. Ari Social media can bring down governments and enact change so let's make sure this failure is visible to all in Facebook, twitter, etc !!!! Let them feel the financial pain of ignoring us here !!!! Stand up and make yourself heard !!!!! This is a call to action and hope everyone hears me loud and clear !!!!! If all of your frustrations were out in the open for public to view the outcome would differ greatly. Creator relishes in the notion that these failed campaign comments from supporters are hidden behind an unsearchable kickstarter app comments section. If you type in creator name in google and this information came up front end center in results I guarantee there will be a different outcome. Since nobody but us know about this crappy campaign they are happy that this is contained and rest of their products are selling no problems and business is as usual. So let's speak loudly but not just here !!!! Today's response Hi Scott, We will have an update with progress reports and fulfillment timelines out as soon as the ink is dry on our cease and desist agreement. We expect this to happen soon. Thanks for your patience. <url>’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. They don't even respond to my email for a refund. Silence from Dashbot speaks loudly. You would think the patent search would have been done BEFORE the project was released to the public. I do believe it is time for a REFUND. I have already gotten my items from other projects I backed AFTER this one! YouDon'tKnowWhatYou'reDoingBot IDon'tKnowMyNameBot CaughtUpInLitigationBot WeHaveRanOutOfMoneyBot WeLoatheOurBackersBot AtThisRateItWillBeOutOfDateBot ThisIsNoHomeBot ThisIsNoEchoDotBot ThisIsNoEchoBot UseAmazonEchoDotInsteadBot UseAmazonEchoInsteadBot NoCommunicationBot CowboysRUsBot StandardMessageBot LostForWordsBot NoNextThingBot NoCommentBot How about... LateBot DelayedBot BackersMoneyAllGoneBot LawBot C&DBot IHaveNoClueBot LawsuitBot BackersAllPissedOffBot NoUpdateBot NoRespectForBackersBot DontStartAnotherKickstarterBot NobodyTrustsYouBot BlahBlahBot IWillNotBackYouAgainBot Anybody got any others? Hmmm... Is it winter already? I see snowflakes everywhere. @Scott Mohnkern as far as I can see doesn't seem to have much if anything to do with NBThing. just a friendly Tweet boost for a fellow gadget maker. NBThing is tied up in a legal thing (probably from Trademark troll ) and they will get back to us.. July was the ship deadline. So it might slip a little. I've been part of WAAAAAAAAAY worse Kickstarters that fell so far behind that I never thought I was going to see anything for my support but finally they have all come through. Patience. Soooooo many projects the creator is tweeting about with all using chip pro yet they cannot use it to make this simple device. Am not convinced it's to do with legal issues pertaining to name as they can change it to anything just to get this none sense behind them. Not sure dashbot or even calling this dumbbot would make any difference in expected delivery dates. As it seems to all the creator simply moved on. Today's response from them.. Ari Turrentine (Next Thing Co.) Jul 18, 4:38 PM PDT Hi Scott, We will have an update with progress reports and fulfillment timelines out as soon as the ink is dry on our cease and desist agreement. We expect this to happen soon. Thanks for your patience. <url>"dashbot" so they are not allowed to communicate until this is settled. Hopefully in the next few weeks we will get an answer one way or the other. This is the only campaign where there is silence. Others attempt to respond and then fly off with money to cayman islands. These guys don't even respond at all so something is odd. The cease and desist notice was going on for some time so not sure what now it's becoming an issue. Seems on thing or another with this campaign. It's July and soon to be end of July. Most have recommended to wait and give them a chance. As time passes it's becoming quite clear to me and those with any sense that this project has failed and we are getting nothing. Can we get an update on the status of the project? There are a number of outstanding questions. When do you anticipate the product to be finished and shipping? What is the new name? Any updates on the cease order? @Manic - I dont think they've "miss-used" our funds, never heard of that country but I'd imagine she's talented. I'm a second time backer of this company and I've backed a few other projects where the creators had a slightly ambitious product delivery ESTIMATE. I'm sure they will be working hard to fulfill the orders once the product has run through any legal/quality concerns it might face. Could we please have an update on when dashbot is going to ship Please, what is the status of the project? Need some communication from your end about honoring our pledges, or issuing refunds. I think they might have miss-used backer funds! Multiple flux capacitor's needed, total power = 2.2 Terawatts. Related comic relief: <url>"Seems like the community isn't too hopeful" **Jonny Lloyd says** the community isn't too hopeful @Jonny L Is that the reply??? Or am I missing something? Well, following the concerns, i dropped them a message...got an impressively speedy reply. So, 10/10 for taking the time to respond... 0/10 for the caustic response with useless content Jonny Lloyd July 8, 2017 Whats the news Jake? Seems like the community isn't too hopeful. Can you update me on where you sit in the project? Is tooling completed for case manufacture, are you in production, final assembly, delivery? Or, as per the apparent consensus, if the project dead in the water? user avatar Next Thing Co. July 8, 2017 **Jonny Lloyd says:** I would hate to see their next project... "Hi, this is Next Thing Co. and this is our latest Kickstarter project..." *crickets* *needle drop* *Wind blowing through trees* And here is their reply...! And I don't remember asking about CHIP and POCKET CHIP so I guess that because that don't really read emails and so send a stock reply to anyone who bothers to question the project status...not very hopeful of ever seeing this sadly...perhaps a show of hands for all those that still feel optimistic? ---- Hi Nick, Thanks for reaching out. Lot’s of folks are reaching out right now, so it may take a few days or so to get back to you. We read every email, and we respond as quickly as we’re able. Tons of questions have answers available right now at <url>’t be shy about posting a question there isn’t an answer there yet. If we all work together to answer questions there, that’s an enormous benefit for our growing community. You can also find detailed documentation on our products here: <url>’re unable to find answers using the resources above, please be send us any and all information that can help us help you: - order number - name the order is under - email address used to place the order - tracking number - and/or anything relating to the issue you're looking to resolve The more information we start with, the faster we can find answer your question. Thanks for your excitement and your patience. We’ll be in touch soon! -everyone at Next Thing Co. So folks, like many other backers I'm getting increasingly concerned about this project so I sent the support boys a polite email as below...(I'll post their email replay to me today after this and you can draw your own conclusions) ------ Hi Tony Well time ticks by and I see from the comments on Kickstarter that many backers are, to say the least, nervous that you will never deliver? Hopefully this is not true perhaps you could find some time to let me/us know what the current status is and when we might see a shipment of the product etc? Sadl,y of the 15 projects I've backed you're now ranked 2nd worst in comms behind Stone Tether which is a shame given your previous successful project. I think I can speak for many when I say that every backer knows things can go wrong and schedules slip etc but keep you backers on side by communicating with at least monthly updates...I know it can feel bad to give people bad news but it is better than no news as people will always draw their own conclusions from that! Please, please let me or the wider community know what's going on, it's only common courtesy and the very least we can expect from our financial support of you and your company. Looking forward to your informative reply... Thanks Nick Powley I'm anxious for this too. Though I almost wish I could change my rewards. I got the tier with the FM transmitter and cassette adapter, but my new car has bluetooth already lol. All well, it's not a big deal though. What's up NTC!? We need an update. Just let us know what's going on! It's coming on 2 month since we last heard... @Passie, agreed, however it is only courtesy to post a quick comment here explaining to ALL exactly the response outlined below, rather than leaving backers second guessing what's going on. I hope you are right so I can say to a lot of backers: "Shame on you !!!" This was an email I got from them today, twice Richard Reininger (Next Thing Co.) Jul 3, 12:59 PM PDT Hi Scott, We have an update just about ready to go, which will address shipping. We're waiting on clearance on a few things, including our legal team. Stay tuned. Thanks, Richard I think people are getting too antsy too early about this. It's hardly the first kickstarter to have delays. Their previous kickstarters have done quite well (which is why I backed this one) and they are not currently far off of their timeline. That said, there are plenty of projects which do a much better job of communicating with backers and the devs could take some pointers from the goodwill that that communication generates and update on a weekly basis. Perhaps they are in legal proceedings and unable to communicate publicly. Just a thought How does one even attempt to get their money back??? July is supposedly when backer fulfillment is to take place so let's see what happens over the next few weeks The irony in all this is that this company seemed viable and has delivered in the past. I am going to make it a personal priority of mine to make sure any campaign they ever attempt to start that backers are well aware of their history. Besides of course the usual means to get a full refund for dollars committed to this project without any intention of backers to deliver. We are not alone: <url>"free" consultations of yours. I heard anger mgmt consultations are also "free" in case you are interested. Relax on the comments as your insults have gone on for quite some time and it's starting to annoy us all. Jim can certainly attest to your rudeness :) Once you consult those heavy hitting lawyers please do come back to us and offer some of your enlightening insight. Am sure we will all be here holding our breath waiting .... @jay I'm not hiding from anyone.I live in Denver CO so anytime anyone wants to meet to have this conversation in person I will oblige. And my comments were after others started to troll . primarily when it was less then a month since they were updating us . Considering it is well past a month in between updates, it is now time to demand an update . Youe just trying to troll me where others have failed . I commend your failed attempt. Now back to the topic at hand: speaking with legal counsel ensures that there really is nothing that can be done. I understand where this might be a difficult topic for you to understand but consultations are ......again.....free. so why would you "not" want to consider your options. @jay agreed, this does look like a case of fraud, not just a failure of a project. This has now happened to me three times on Kickstarter. Not just a failure of a project, but outright fraud. Seems like there needs to be some kind of protections put in place for this kind of fraudulent activity. Alan no need to dumb anything down. All you have spewed on here is idiotic nonsense. You personal insults of others here is uncalled for and something I have seen you do throughout campaign. One of those tough guys hiding behind your keyboard I suppose. Anyway back to the topic at hand. I would venture to say this campaign is a failure and none of us are ever getting anything. They needed some funds for salary and to cover costs of manufacturing for other successful products. Kind of a Ponzi scheme. It's just a shame this fraud is only know by the few backers here in this chat and nowhere else.... @Alan, you're totally wasting your time. @Jay I going to dumb this down for you .......an case evaluation is normally free. We've been waiting seven + months now. The last update was in April so though I'd check...and nope still nothing. Wtf Getting an attorney is laughable and will cost lots of $$$. What all of us can do is spread the world all over internet and twitter that this company is a fraud. This way all of our frustrations would no simply be be confined to this tiny comments section as the creator would love to see. Have an appointment with my attorney Monday . I would encourage all of you to talk to a attorney about this . I'm going to start tweeting them @nextthingco until we get an update. They are active on twitter. July is right around the corner. I'm losing faith. @Creator no news is NOT good news. Please throw us a bone and let us know what's going on. Thanks for pointing out the link! I've clicked on it. I've had a gutsful of the lack of transparency too, at the bottom of the campaign page, click "report this project to kickstarter", then click "post funding issues" (The creator is not communicating and the project status is unclear). Let's see how good the KS integrity team really is and whether NTC take the hint. This is unheard of. It's either a full company goes belly up or they are responsive and attempt to deliver. This seems to me they are just ignoring all interactions related to a single product as if it never existed, while marketing and selling the rest of their products. This is really walking a fine line and may very well constitute a breach of the terms of service. At best is just plain odd behavior on the part of any company that want to remain in business for the long term. I think someone should post a website with testimonials from us about our experience with this company. Emails we have sent as well with responses . Just as a warning to other people. Hell I'm down for helping foot the bill . Yea Ill donate a dollar just so I can warm other people . I hate to admit it but Jim was right to be freaking out. I think we've been had. This is the last time I back anything from this company. It is totally unprofessional. I will also make sure no-one else buys anything with 'Next Thing Co.' written on it especially from the people I know and anyone I meet in the future. I think it is not unreasonable to say at this point we are well past due for an update. Had to pass it threw legal huh? More like legal told you how long you had to lead us on untill it was too late to dispute the charges to get a refund. been 2 months since the last update with the expected ship date next month, an update would be nice yes, updates please? Can someone please give us an update? Just got an email from the creators saying they are working on an update, and passing it through legal. @salman sheikh: probably. the Dashbot uses a C.H.I.P. pro module as the brains, so you probably can add some code for the dash cam functionality Anyway to add a camera module to this, hack it or otherwise? A dashcam would be awesome. Just the other day somebody in Washington DC caught a meteor in the sky with his dashcam. Any updates? Purchased this for my son as a gift and want to make sure he is still going to get it before summer is over. Thank you! @creator, with next month as estimated shipping, an update would be very appreciated. Hi. Need to change my delivery address. How do I do this? Just feel like we as backers have been left behind. Is Dashbot still on for a July delivery or is that being too optimistic? 7 more weeks, no update. Waiting patiently... June - mass production begins...? They need to sell stacks in order to meet shipping costs They have cash flow as all stock now shipping. Just received my ChiP Pro Dev Kit last week. That means they will liquidity to get production going now. Well, I'm not holding my breath as I still think this company has cash flow issues that it is hiding. Update, please roughly two months to go (if they wait until the last minute) so everyone relax... I am sure that they will have something to show or say then... I'm waiting july... not far ,only a month. Because shipping is begin on this month or no? Some projects have creators responding daily and posting updates weekly, some - like another project I've backed similar time as this have replied twice in the comments section and posted 1 update. But no one has made any complaints about lack of transparency. Go figure. No amount of complaining here is going to alter the outcome of this project, whether good or bad. @ I do agree it is a lil much . I backed a couple other companies and most of them have been really good about updates. @nick no it was a very brief message . Sent them a message, got a link to a web page that doesn't exist (the site does) Another month, no real updates. Alan Mc... Well Alan, I got this response from "Tony" back on 21st March...which led to an "exciting" update at the end of April! (Hint of sarcasm there I fear) I wonder if you got the same "stock" email? Perhaps it takes Tony and crew 4 weeks on average to think of something to say to their backers waiting patiently for some real and helpful information...Come on Tony...have a meeting, sharpen that pencil and write us something that gives us a glimmer of hope this project will deliver before cars become obsolete due to lack of fossil fuels! ----- copy of my previous post ----- Tony (Next Thing Co.) Mar 21, 6:39 PM PDT Hi Nick, We're heads down working on Dashbot at the moment, but when we have something a little more exciting to share, we'll be sure to send out an update. Thanks for the friendly reminder. I'm Moving July 7th. I need to contact someone on the new address to ship. How do I get that Info to Dashbot? I'm moving 3500 miles away from the original address. Need to get this in the system. Just realized the typo . Name not man Ok so I emailed the company and a gentleman by the man Tony responded back with a quick message saying they should have a update out soon . Is it not possible to assign one individual (who is present at project meetings - assuming there are regular meetings happening) to do updates every 2 weeks? It only takes 10-20 minutes to jot down an informal update. Seems like the right thing to do and would satisfy 90% of the backers. Just my 0.02, but I'm Canadian so 0.01. Another two weeks still nothing. No comms, no updates, even the NTC forum is quiet. Would be good to get an update. I'm guessing the July ship date is but a pipe dream now. :( Haven't had any updates for quite a while now?? So what's going on with this project??? � Pithy...but I wonder if they'll deliver in July. I keep writing funny things to comment on Jim but I'm trying to be a nice guy so I backspace a bunch . I never expected this campaign to be so much fun! But let's see what actually occurs in July. And no volume of responses to me from people who are NOT NTC, whether incorporating attacks or not, constitute NTC actually honoring their commitment to KS by maintaining communication. My last post was two days ago...and I had basically ONCE AGAIN left it at "let's see what happens in July"...and was prepared to not post again for a while....but of course yet another unofficial NTC rep comes in and engages with me. @Jim Knowing what an "ad hominem" fallacy is doesn't make you any less annoying. Dropping it as a counter argument to everyone who'd like you to stop doesn't make you right. Despite how you may see yourself, many of us see your behavior as being similar to that of a whiny toddler. I have seen no responses in your defense. Ad hominem attacks may be able to salvage your self respect, but the overwhelming sentiment in response to your comments ought to guide your decisions on future posts. Hopefully, Google Assistant will be added as well since the SDK will be available. Also...there is a bit of hilarious irony in your last sentence that you clearly won't get. But let's see what July brings... You think you've made me mad. D- And BTW I sell weed at a Colorado dispensary bro . You are too funny when unset. I could have lost all my money on this project but pissing you off has given me so much enjoyment I consider it a win . Yea it's new name is " DEZZ NUTZ" !!!!!!! Alan, as one of the now apparently official spokespeople for Next Thing, it's good that you're keeping up communication - sadly still via ad hominems but the potential AC/DC reference is nice. B+. Maybe in your next update you can speak to actual technical, logistical details of the project, or maybe even let us know if it has a new name. !!!!! BALLS BIG LIKES JIM Jim , I'm bored sooooo........ Really just a comment on a comment. D- At this point I'm wondering why NTC hired you guys to act as the single point of contact/communications for their business, but maybe when July comes all will be clear. @FLASH LMFAO !!!!!!!! You are absolutely right . But it's hard to figure out how this explains NTCs absence, either. Maybe July will bring news.... Sort of the same joke and poorly worded. D C'mon everyone Jim's picture shows he's just a young whipper snapper at least allow him to be able to grow a stiffie first! No point starting a campaign for poor old errrr.... (little Jim) just yet but then again some campaigns take years before it ships! But all very sound arguments for why NTC are silent. D- Sorry the dashbot guys Yep the "Jim needs some happy time!" Campaign. Maybe we can partner up with the dashboard guys to make it give him directions to the hole.....lol a stretch goal @pclabtech LMFAO ! So true .... But let's see what actually arrives in July. Missed a word....two days ago *I* said we'll see. But maybe someone can come up with some kind of reference to private parts to sort this all put. James..the last several posts of mine were in response to a few noble knights who felt compelled to act as NTC Customer Service with childish insults. And in fact two days ago said we'll see what happens in July...then more childish insults....and all the while NTC silence. Jim seriously mate, just stop. You're digging yourself a bigger hole. Sure, NTC have been mega slack at communicating here, but do you think constant moaning will fix anything? Let's just give them the benefit of the doubt and wait. Yes, this is certainly making up for NTC hiding..nice build on the prior ad hominem attack. B- @Alan, make sure that you include condoms with the reward, we don't need any baby Jims running around, stop the gene pool pollution before it starts! But let's see how many ppl who are NOT affiliated with NTC can act as their customer service group. Fairly predictable ad hominem. C+ Jim you really need to get laid bro. I think we should start a Kickstarter campaign to get this guy some nookie! Who's with me ?? Lol just kidding........ mostly... Also fully support adding a block feature, so there's an area of agreement. But we'll see what happens in July. Again..thanks for elevating. I'm with Tony Bruno on this one. Jim Todd stop being a dick. I really wish Kickstarter would add a feature that you could block comments from specific users. All Jim does is post garbage on this platform. He must be a very unhappy person. I suggest he go take a walk and enjoy some sunshine. If I were the only one wanting more communication I'd question my posts. But keep investigating me and let me know how that goes. Kickstarter requires communication from project leaders. Unless you have a role I'm not aware of, your attacks don't constitute this, but perhaps they feel that they do. Reading a persons profile is not stalking, it is using common sense. There has been no indication that they are not going to meet their deadlines. Nice ad hominem..really elevates the discussion. If you've truly stalked me through ALL my Kickstarters, which is a slightly odd hobby to have, but sure.. you'd see some that I praise, and some where I just question. Where you lose me-other than with the puerile slams-is when you suggest that only I am complaining/being ignored. Jim, maybe they are not ignoring their complaints, they are just ignoring one particular complainant (with just cause). I have read your other backed project complaints. You are antagonistic and insulting on all of them. This project is well within its projected timeline, yet you still feel the need to constantly harass and insult not only the makers, but other backers as well. Time to grow up. I find it amusing that you point out that you have a TINY circle of friends. No wonder really. More a surprise that you have any, considering your lack of respect for anyone. How Many many campaigns have you run? NONE! I became quiet because 1) when I'd ask for info or complain a bunch of fans felt compelled to act as the Customer Relations Dept of a company that can't be bother to communicate with their customers themselves, and 2) it became clear that these jokers don't care about the customer or complaints..if they ever finish we'll hear from them, but until they deign to speak to the unwashed masses who backed, it serves no purpose. From my tiny circle of friends they've lost all future business, so maybe at some point they figure they'll just walk away..and maybe they have..??? Even the comments have no gone quiet. Is there any news about whether we are still expecting our dashbots in July? Deal..my hobby will be inexplicably defending companies in which I have no real stake. You know what your problem is Jim , your putting the Pu**y on a pedestal......Hahaha but seriously relax bro . Get a hobby. It would be equally nice if this company has now turned it around and begun to comply with KS guidelines about communication. Libel would be an interesting charge when I am primarily speaking of my fears of what MIGHT be happening, based upon a reasonable interpretation of a prolonged disappearance. But I'll be quiet unless they vanish again. I understand the KS guidance, but it's always interesting when companies vanish, don't respond to emails or other methods, and the only avenue to discuss issues is supposed to be everyone cheering no matter what the actual experience ends up being. Jim I think you need to re-read the "Be respectful and considerate" kickstarter policy, as well as familiarize yourself with the possible repercussions of defamation in particular libel. You have posted almost daily some negative comment about this project. Frequent updates do not show that a project is healthy and will be successful , See Peachy Printer for an example, <url>"Godot" Name suggestion: 'AL' - it's a nod to Alan Turing - it's a nod to HAL - you can have a logo Al, so it looks like AI (artificial intelligence). Presumably stalled because the core section of the Dashbot (a CHIP) is getting a processor upgrade. <url>"go south" the Kickstarter organization could force a warning on any future projects. 2. We, as consumers, can be diligent, and if we see someone who has failed on one Kickstarter project open up a second one, leave a comment, and hope people read it. @Scott -- that's why my biggest fear is companies like this one are going to do some of the shady stuff I've run into with Chinese companies, where when challenged or when you demand restitution or correction of a problem, the company goes POOF...but then a week later there's a NEW company with a NEW name ....and all the same owners. This company and it's leaders should be barred from KS. They've been around long enough to do their own funding and clearly they feel no obligation to backers. Any update for my pledge? Its a tad frustrating, I've backed dozens of Kickstarter projects, and the vast majority of them deliver. Sometimes early, sometimes later, but the vast majority deliver. This is the second KS project where I think delivery is highly in question. I guess technically the first. For one KS project, I got my incentive (a poster) but the project failed to delivery on its very very lofty goals (a space elevator). So what to do? KS is hugely successful for getting honest decent people the capital they need to start up projects, but on the other hand, there are a few projects out there where ultimately the supporters end up being less than honest. I'll definitely be looking at future bids for tech projects more closely, to make sure that whoever is asking for money is able to deliver. Agreed...it is like KS is running a mall where some shopkeepers knife the shoppers...but they claim no responsibility because they have a small sign on the door saying you might get stabbed. Well, this one looks to now be headed the same way another project that I backed went. That one I lost hundreds of USD. As more and more KS project teams fail to deliver the question of fraud and KS liability becomes greater. I'm thinking this business model of middleman without responsibility is nearing the end. <url>"but we'll probably use all the money from Dashbot backers to support our other products and business operations and then IF we do okay there we might make enough money to provide what we promised the backers"....scam artists The company nor the website has closed. There are recent posts on the blog and forum. However, most products in the shop are out of stock with delayed shipping until June. This does support the idea that the company may be short of cash, hence taking pre-orders. I think more backers should report them for lack of communication. For example, if they have fled, I'd hate to find out Daven Rauchwerk has a brand new KS launching,. Doesn't Rauchwerk mean "Smokework"...or perhaps a factory that just blows smoke? Somehow we or KS needs to record the names of the people behind this and get the word out..because I'll bet money that their plan is to vanish, start a new company with a new name, and hop right back on KS to take some more marks for their money Next Thing Co 2461 Peralta St, Oakland, CA 94607 getchip.com Permanently closed Google Map their company, you will see that their office is closed. Or in other words, out of business, with our money. Hey IRS, they owe you money too. :) Get these shiteaters KS While the web has lots of bad info..sure seems like this company has become a bit shady. You could label fears we're being scammed as crying wolf, but it's 100% accurate that these guys are maybe looking like a scam at worst, but Totally Amateur AT BEST. They repeatedly send private obscure FB messages to backers who complain with NO INFO, but have chosen to not take a few minutes to actually inform the broader customer base. Are they criminals? That remains to be seen but it's a possibility. But what is not in doubt is that these folks are so incompetent at actually managing a business/KS that no one should feel secure trusting them with their money again. lets think about this before we cry wolf.... I have a pocket chip and it is exactly what they said, a SOC, RAM and all that contained in a very small form factor embedded inside the PDA shell (whatever) .... so maybe what they have is something that works but is a little bigger then they let on, their 'revisions' are trying to slim down the case so that people wont find it intrusive on the dashboard.... Probably time to contact one or more Attorneys General, in addition to reporting to KS...because this isn't just about them vanishing with KS money, but they are still taking orders and such for other products...are those ppl being ripped off or ignored as well? Something isn't kosher...why would they have time to PM me on FB and private message others in the hopes of shutting them up, but then have no time to provide any kind of info where they are SUPPOSED to provide updates? At this point I would bet a Coke that they are not going to deliver and in a year they'll reappear with a different name and the next fundraiser. Yesterday I reported them to Kickstarter for lack of communication Hmmm, I think these guys may have done a runner (All the way to the back that is) And if so I don't know how they sleep at night. Is it really that hard to place an update to put their backers minds at ease? C'mon guys seriously Sorry...MORE time for one on one msgs I got similar...what is blowing my mind and really making me think something odd is up is that the time it takes to send these individual messages to try to shut people up one by one is less than it would take to actually post a real update. Just got this.... 'We're working on an update now. Should be ready soon. Stay tuned!' Bog standard useless response again! At this point I'm wondering if these guys were even honest about the lowest pledge tier....did they even use it for coffee, or did they spend it on plane tickets? Facebook messaged them a MONTH ago and they said when they had an update they'd post it to KS. Pretty sure these guys are in the process of skipping town. Will this support Multipath TCP just like Siri does? It has been 2 months since your last update. Can you please keep us in the loop and post a bit more frequently? Thanks! We need to keep track of the INDIVIDUALS associated with NTCo, because I'll bet after they shaft all of us they'll do the Chinese trick of disbanding then returning in 3 weeks with a new name to rip off more people. Has everyone reported this to KS? Seems like they used OUR funding for normal operations and now have nothing left to actually deliver. This is the kind of company that makes Kickstarter into a sleazy back alley. I direct messaged the on 8th March, and they responded with... 'Will do! Sorry for the delay. Rest assured we're working hard on getting Dashbot complete. Thanks.' These are just general responses without any meat on the bone. I talked to them briefly on Twitter PM, this is what they said: "We're working on hitting some good progress milestones and an update to go along with it! Stay Tuned!" They are generating revenue through pre-order. That's why there have been no updates or comments. I think there is a funding issue. We are due communication people!!! Any updates yet? Excited to get my hands on this! Anything yet? December 15th was the last post, plus update. Vanish, they did. Updates, they do not do. Thanks. Was wishful thinking about a reply but thought I'd try. Tried DM too. Good to know about backerkit though. They're easy to use. @Tony: they used BackerKit for the Chip project, which means they'll probably do the same for this one. you'll probably be able to add stuff. Hope you aren't expecting an official answer...this company is effectively hiding from its backers. Hi - just got a new car and wanted to upgrade my pledge to OBDII. Is it too late to upgrade? I really don't buy the low priority to communicate argument. The principles of Kickstarter is that backers are putting their money and faith behind the creators dreams and ideas. It really shouldn't matter how big the campaign is, if it reaches its funding then it's encumbent on the creators to communicate with those who supported them. It's really not hard and they should allocate 5 minutes a month to write a quick update...it's not hard and just plane rude not to. I've backed small campaigns for a few tens of dollars with only one creator who updated the status weekly...sadly this will be the last Kickstarter campaign I will back and Kickstarter themselves should take some responsibility for ensuring creators communicate effectively with their backers after all Kickstarter seem to be quite capable of taking their share of cash with little or no policing of their own policies. Finally, the creators of this campaign should have enough common sense to realise that if they plan another campaign then a large proportion of backers will be reluctant to be bitten a second time in my opinion. @Ollrich, probably because this campaign generated about 1/8th what CHIP generated. Less investment, less priority Sure, it's a bit confusing that theese guys are now really silent but I don't give up my hope that they'll do a good job (this year). I'm only thinking that because of the good experience with the CHIP campaign. And that's the confusing part. Why did they change there bahaviour from that to this campaign in such a way? I do agree, at least now, the duration since the last update is starting to take the piss a bit, but to nab Forest Gump's catch phrase, "Kickstarter creators are like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get". In this case, I.T. techo's enjoy interacting with computers just like customer service staff enjoy interacting with people. Seems there maybe a shortage in the latter category at NTC. Well, it's only 3,683 backers...why would you communicate any way other than countless individual email messages? Well folks, as promised, I'd let you know if I got a reply from a direct mail to the creators... And so here is the email from "Tony" and as he had the good grace to reply, I thought I'd share it with you all FYI. In all honesty I would have hoped there would be a little more information but at least they replied...fingers crossed for a "more exciting" update soon! ----- Tony Tony (Next Thing Co.) Mar 21, 6:39 PM PDT Hi Nick, We're heads down working on Dashbot at the moment, but when we have something a little more exciting to share, we'll be sure to send out an update. Thanks for the friendly reminder. Nick Powley Mar 20, 2:04 AM PDT Hi creators of dash bot... As a Kickstarter backer I'd really appreciate an update on how this project is progressing? I note that there is no information available via the Kickstarter page so I'm hopeful that a direct and polite request will yield an update? Yours expectantly Nick Powley Backer of 15 Kickstarter projects. @Nick - - yeah, the 'email us - not KS' to me doesn't feel right - -- it feels more like when you complain about bad service on Twitter and the company says "We can take care of this, just private message us" - - - most times they're not that interested in helping you, they just want to take the conversation off a public forum. Of course, NThing doesn't respond on Twitter, either...they just ignore you...so you don't have to share the whole text of their email if they reply - I'd just be interested in knowing if they reply at all. Chris McK...hi Chris, I'm not assuming they won't deliver but lack of comms is not a good sign and also not within the spirit of Kickstarter as a platform for crowd funding. No I didn't back their previous campaign but I was influenced in making a decision to back this one, since they did previously deliver etc. However, as they say in the markets past performance is not a good indicator of future value! I have taken on board your suggestion to directly email the creators at the email address you kindly highlighted. I'll publish here any reply I might get. I would say that for the creators to say that should we need to contact them, we should email direct rather than through a third party seems a little odd? Wouldn't it be easier for them to simply post an update on here rather than replay to potentially hundreds of direct mails? If I don't receive an email reply within a week (seems reasonable deal for a "busy" small company'" then I would urge all backers to try contacting them directly and asking for an update. Fingers crossed for an update and yes I'm still "hopeful" they will deliver and I won't be throwing away more money to a failed project. I'm fully aware there are risks with any startup and new product but since I ran three satellite communications companies for 20 years I always respected my customers an always communicated project status, good and bad. Customers and backers tend to be very supportive of companies who are honest and communicate...let's see what a difference a week makes? Well..at this point for me this is the last KS I'll back of theirs, and I will discourage my friends who share my love for tech KS from backing. Not saying they won't deliver...just saying that I don't want to deal with a company that seems to be deliberately trying to tell their backers that they have zero respect for them. Nick Powley: Not that I disagree, a simple (even Monthly) update on the project, short, sweet, to the point, but don't immediately assume that this means they will not deliver. You didn't back their previous campaigns I assume (some waited 5+ months for fulfillment). I bought after the campaign online, but I still waited, and waited. They also have stated before: "If you need to contact us, email <email>, rather than using Kickstarter as a third party." Now that I've said that. I agree, NTC please assign someone at your company with the Monthly (Bi-Weekly?) job of posting quick Updates, or at the very least posting to the comments area. It would help calm the masses and give a better perception that 'we are all in it together'. Well another 6 weeks past since my last post and still not a word from the creators! GUYS HOW HARD IS IT TO SAY SOMETHING MEANINGFUL!!! Yes I am shouting ... I've read all the proposed "excuses" from the few supporters who still bother to try and defend your complete disregard and lack for respect for people who put money behind your idea. One of the basic premises of Kickstarter is that creators communicate effectively with their "backers". ALL the successfully funded campaigns that I've backed delivered and the ALL sent meaningful, helpful, informative comments about how the campaign was progressing...YOU ARE THE EXCEPTION apart from STONE TETHER, who simply stopped communicating and failed to deliver leaving thousands of backers without their money...including shipping charges for a product never shipped...I sincerely hope that this campaign does not go the same way but without ANY MEANINGFUL COMMS...you (creators) are heading the same way! PROVE ME WRONG please... So the end result is that techies have no real ability to communicate? Nice way to reinforce stereotypes @Jim Todd: unfortunately, radio silence seems like the norm for tech Kickstarters these days... atleast for the ones I have participated in. I get that this is far smaller than CHIP....what I don't get is how any company thinks that it's an okay practice to ignore customers, or perhaps equally accurately to ignore INVESTORS. Maybe they will eventually update...maybe they will actually deliver. But this radio silence is amateur hour, and it's going to make me very reluctant to back them in the future. It took me two minutes to type this..Next Thing doesn't seem to think this group is worth 2-5 minutes. Well, they did say July as a completion date... I am not giving up hope they will screw me. You want to see a campaign that screwed people? I finally got a refund from them. If you want to see "how not to run a kickstarter" look up the Jeremy Soule "Northerer" symphony number 1. 3 years and counting, not to mention that they just "cut and pasted" a customer's post and claimed it as their own for yet again extending their expected release to beyond 4 years after the Kickstarter ended. Here's the response I got... clearly not the best communication on the comments page, but a work in progress nonetheless... "Hi James, We're still hard at work on Dashbot. Note that we're scheduled to ship later this summer. Please keep an eye on the campaign for all the latest news. Thanks." FINALLY got a Twitter reply..no real info but at least they aren't still absolutely hiding. Okay...just to be clear...missing a deadline is NOT an issue for me, bc with KS they aren't ever really deadlines, just estimates. For me the problem is that no matter how big or small this is compared to other projects, they have seemingly VANISHED with respect to Dashbot. If they'd said up front "and if we dont make 89,000% of our goal we're going to pretend we never heard of this" I wouldn't have backed. No matter WHAT mechanism is used, they don't comment in any way...how much time does it take to say "we ARE still doing this"...less than 10 seconds...that they refuse to do this makes me think they don't care to fulfill Dashbot raised 1/10th of CHIP's pledge total. Had Dashbot raised a million dollars you'd probably see more attention paid to it. That doesn't mean they're ignoring the project - they just have to prioritize their limited resources. And if I'm not mistaken, isn't Dashbot a modified CHIP? Any progress in CHIP development is going to help Dashbot as well. And yeah, maybe they'll miss their deadline - but THIS is a Kickstarter. So that's kind of expected. I share the same concerns, but there are those among us who scoff at the notion of questioning creators and feel unequivocally that past behavior is an indicator of how they will handle this new project. Unfortunate that even backers can't establish a unified message of discontent towards how this is being handled by creator. If we all agreed, maybe they would listen. Tweeted a message to them, and asked on FB. They absolutely continue to post about CHIP, but seem to be deliberately avoiding discussing this, so excuse me if I have the opposite of warm fuzzies. Not sure they'll ever fulfill this one, but regardless likely the last time I buy from a company this dismissive of their customers/backers. Compared to the amount of communication on the CHIP... the current communication is a little worrying. But we have seen a working prototype and I believe it will come to market. it has been a month since the last update, and I am hoping for one soon. I just hope that the comments don't turn hostile like the ones for some of the other kickstarters I helped fund... Maybe our concern is based on lots of things: time since update, repeatedly ignoring contacts, ignoring the comments here, and basically that Dashbot was never mentioned in any way in their social media after funding. . Other than a lack of updates, you folks all have no substantial evidence of a real reason to think this has gone wrong... maybe they dropped the ball on updates or comments for this project but I'm sure they haven't left town with the money or abandoned the project, c'mon... you people are going ot be the ones taking a flight across country to knock on their business door screaming about your kickstarter fulfillment when you didn't get it 3 days after the promised delivery date. Check out their social media...once this one funded they basically never mentioned it....my fraud detectors are firing. This company may have gone seriously awry. So the last comment from the company here was...Mid-December? And the last update a month ago? Am I missing a source of information?-- because if not it seems like they may have just skipped town with a substantial amount of money. Have they declared bankruptcy or something? @Jay Fla, blindly defending what? You are the one being unreasonable, give them a break and grow some patience. @James, we all saw frequent updates with chip which you certainly don't feel the time was "pissed" away on but go on and blindly defend what is happening here. I certainly welcome the comments as you are entitled, like we all are, to voice their opinion. @jay fla, not sure what you're expecting, but the last update was the 4th of feb, your comment was a mere 13 days after that. as a creator you can either spend half your time pissing around posting weekly updates with little valuable content, or just get on with the job and update backers either monthly or after major milestones are achieved. @james, you may be reading between lines. Certainly not my words that you are trying to adamantly correct. I never stated I lack the confidence in the ability to deliver. What I feel is lacking are any updates telling supporters where they are in developing this product. None of this at the end of the day is required but typically done here on ks and was done during chip campaign quite often. It really helps build an exited community around the concept and ultimately helps make a viable product that may have a chance at success beyond ks. So while you can continue to defend the lack of communication, I will opt to speak out about it in the hopes that the creator will listen and truly spend the time to make this product a success. @jay fla, really? A bit premature don't you think? I think after having backed CHIP that NTC are quite a reputable company who produced a fantastic product, and especially for the price. I have complete faith that they will deliver on this project. Creator is actively updating comments on chip ks project, but seems like this project just fell off the map and no longer a priority. So unfortunate as it has such potential... I would like to throw the following out there: my car does not support music over bluetooth. The community based navigation app called Waze however, figured out a way to send instructions through bluetooth as if someone is calling. Could this be usefull for dashbot? So I wont have to use a fm transmitter.. Hey NTC'ers. Nice update! I see that you are working on the final designs of the exterior. A few thoughts: 1. Consideration of reflection from the casing in the window is important! The color selection of the exterior has two competing priorities: A) A dark color may cause heat to build up. B) A light color will cause massive reflection in the window. (Try placing a small, white card or paper on the dashboard during the day and you will see what I mean). 2. Will the case have venting? Regardless of the approach to #1, heat will be generated, especially in Southern US climates (I"m looking at you Phenix where is was 108F at 8am last I was there). Any thoughts on this? I imagine Chip won't be pumping our the egg cooking heat that some IC's do, but the environment will be harsh at times. To those complaining about response and activity... NTC came through with an amazing delivery on the last project I backed, a little behind schedule, but well delivered on. There are other projects I have backed that are over 18 months behind schedule... I'm basing my trust on recent, positive past experience. Keep up the great work NTC! Nice way of applying your 1st Kickstarter's success to a great application of the technology!!! Lack of proper comms is unforgivable...it's taken me about 3 mins to read all the posts since my last one and type this so how hard can it be for the creators to respond by saying something on here? This is very bad PR and shows a complete lack of respect for the hundreds of people who put their money on the line...come on backers respond on here and stop ignoring direct and indirect communications. Having backed 10 projects on here, this one now ranks as the second worst. Even a $15 project sent weekly updates!!! Not a happy backer and please don't use holidays as an excuse not to communicate...buck your ideas up guys. @Robert: when CHIP was their campaign, they never showed anything about CHIP and PocketCHIP on their blog until really late in the campaign, so that normal for me. NTC has always worked hard, you can trust them on that project, they are just really busy (don't forget they are a small team, not a multi million dollars company that have hundred of thousand of employee. Should we submit a claim to Kickstarter or what is the next step here? The lack of communication is very rude. @Jon Raymond ... and I was a part of that one. In THIS ONE, though, we not only have a lack of updates, but ppl directly attempting contact and being ignored. Their history got them some slack, but clearly something has changed and even if it turns out they haven't ripped us all off, this is not the kind of behavior that anyone should support in the future. Please give us an update as to where the project is. Reassure us, I'd be grateful. Disagree @Jon Raymond At their last campaign they stayed in touch. We are talking 0.0 response here. No sign of live accross the board. Doubting to file a fraude claim with the creditcard company I've sent them a few messages but no response #rude #theyranwithmymoney @Creator - Do you take into account Trump's recent proposals to increase import tax? Will this influence the delivery date? @ Jim Todd I wouldn't be so quick to pass judgement. The Creator delivered on their last campaign that was was 8 times the size of this one. They are not slated to deliver till for another 6 months. I wouldn't be getting worried yet. Looks like they've taken the money and run. Wow. Not been my year for Kickstarters. What's the proper timeframe for reporting a project as failing? More than a month without update sounds to me like ppl who bit off more than they can chew and now they're hiding. Wonder if anyone will get refunds. They kept us up to date better with the C.H.I.P. and pocket chip campaign... I have no idea why they have gone silent. at the time of this post their last login to Kickstarter was on the 18th, and their last blog post was the 11th... Hi creators, the key to running a successful Kickstarter campaign is to keep your backers well informed with progress. It really doesn't matter what the news is just keep talking or we get nervous! Having been bitten by the shambolic mess that was the StoneTether campaign and there complete disregard for their backers I swore never to back another project. However given your previous credentials I felt this project was worth supporting. Please update us so I don't feel my confidence in you was misplaced. Hopefully you do at least read these comments and respond appropriately. Thanks in advance. Repeat question from 19-12: Pledged bit impulsive, dashbot works international right? Also with apps like Waze, whatsapp in Dutch? It is now January. Any update on how this project is proceeding? Nothing on the Twitter feed. their were a couple of posts on their blog, but nothing (that I saw) about the dashbot... <url>"merriment" can be swapped for "pure unadulterated terror". depends on weather or not you have to brave the shops... or roads... around here, their is at least one crash per day, due to holiday traffic... @Jesus Caro: I'm guessing that you sent them PMs through Kickstarter? they might be working on a reply or rolling it into a formal update. they might be swamped this time of year with family obligations, Kickstarter, and general merriment that is the holidays (atleast here in the USA). at the time of this post they havnt logged in today (Dec 20 2016): <url>"Dashbot, settings, connect new phone"? can it be reprogrammed over Bluetooth, or do we need a USB connection like the CHIP? are you planning on having a white-hat pen test your environment? is it possible to rename it/change the activation code to "Jeeves", "Jarvis", "Friday", "Alfred" or anything else we want? Hi Dashboat team! Congrats with Funding! Since the Dashbot concept is AI similar to Alexa and Google and it is open source, does it mean that theoretically we can program it to recognize the Car owner(for those cars which have smart keys), greet him/her and start the engine automatically if she/he approaches the car less than 1 meter or whatever the criteria will be ? Thanks for your prompt reply in advance. Congrats on Funding ! Do you think this would work with the ' HUDIFY ' Project ? Thanks ! i mean you can implement new features. but with updates! Pledged bit impulsive, dashbot works international right? Also with apps like Waze, whatsapp in Dutch? please,please,please stop it with these more and more implementation at this time. more is better, BUT please concentrate now on bringing a good product. Test it everywhere with every thing thats the real life! i say tgat because i back (some) morr projects. 2 days ago i get one of these. they oroclaim that aus superduper great working. they collect 1,3 million and the product is crap. for the thing its produced to. unacurate in the main feature, so its easiert to use the old,normal tools. so please dont go that way! Good game guys! I never go out without my pocket chip, I am totally confident in your project :) Can't wait for further updates :D Am I able to change my pledge at any point Awesome! I can't wait to change my ride as K.I.T.T. from Knight Rider...! Dang, I need to learn myself the Hasselhoff maneuvres all over again..! =D Would you care to provide a connected wrist unit as well..? So happy to hear this is funded! You guys knocked it out of the park with pocket chip, and I know you'll do it again with dashbot. Keep up the fantastic work! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Is the power input port a regular micro USB port and can it be powered with a USB cable? will there be any form of warranty? at least a year? Would love to see dashbot tied into ifttt natively. Suppose it can be extended by the community if needed. Will it have a warranty? Isn't there another company called Dashbot that deals with bot analytics? Could they be forced to change the name of the device? You're in the USA? Do you have weird power in cars in America? Is is a standard cigarette lighter adapter and 12V supply? I'm actually happy to see a project well-funded *without* unnecessary stretch goals. I'd rather extra funds go to a backup fund when something inevitably goes wrong or shipping costs go up (not to mention manufacturing cost scales with orders, so even if the unit price is cheaper it's not *all* profit). I changed my pledge to the updated $129, but I'd like to add a $65 one in there too. Can you provide that option? I am looking to get 3x dashbots with OBD2 and SD cards ultimately. Thought this update was going to be a "real" update. Hopefully, we'll get a "real" one when the campaign ends in 70 hours. Getting a little concerned at the lack of interaction from the team. Can we have another update before this campaign ends please. Will Dashbot have a back-end C.H.I.P? So we can use Linux to program our own stuff? Will voice recognition still work if the phone has no data connection? For example in maountains? How does the FM transmitter connect? Will I be able to use my existing one, that I use to play music from my phone over the car radio? can I also connect my phone simultaneously to my car via bluetooth while I am connected to dashbot? Will Dashbot be able to support aptX when it is connected to the car's Bluetooth system? Hello ... updates , Stretch Goals ? Hey! What language is the software running on Dashbot written in, and when will it be available to hack on? :) I'd like to see some tests of dashboard being used in a non electric car at motorway speeds. (~70mph). There's a lot of extra noise it needs to filter out. Hi I pledged for free shipping but it still charges me the shipping fee. I pledged at the free shipping level. I was wondering if it is possible to pay extra to add the ODB-II connector and still get free shipping? Google Home ? OK, that's what I needed to know. Thanks! Hey! You didn't answer how I should pledge 3 or 4 dashbots, all with the OBDII, how should I do that? I think Dash Bot is one of the most exciting projects on KickStarter. Can you show more pictures and videos of the ODB, software that will be used for the device and perhaps more about the features and benefits. Also have you considered DASH BOT options for people who do not like AFTER MARKET Devices in their car? For example can I pair my phone with my Blue Tooth headset and Dash Bot at the same time. That way I could hide Dash Bot but still speak to it and the response comes out of the speakers in my car. As cool as Dash Bot is, for Some enthusiast do not like any add on that are not OEM. What about foreign accents / non native speakers speaking english? Will Dashbot be able to understand them and respond? Can you guys make sure it works with something like this, some of todays cars don't have aux inputs anymore, but will play audio through one of these, you could even power the thing this way if the jack was correct. I'd much rather use this method to get audio into car, than bluetooth. Have dashbot talk to obd2 and phone through bluetooth. <url>"I don't know what you mean by 'blah blah blah.' Key the mic and ask what things you can say." for simple tasks like "What is the score of the world series game?" I asked Siri and she knew what I wanted, and spoke the score. I asked Google without my phone visor and it displayed the score I asked my Jabra Freeway BT visor, and it didn't understand what I wanted. I would like to pledge 3 or 4 dashbots, all with the OBDII, how should I proceed? Does it have WhatsApp support? I did not see it answered, so hopefully you can get it in your next line of questioning. Is there a way that you could offer the Expansion Pack x2? I love the idea of the ODB-II connector, but I have no use for either the Cassette Adapter nor the FM Transmitter. The easiest way, I think, would be to double the pledge and then have a spot in the backer survey for add ons. Are the Power supply and AUX hardwired to the device? Since this thing apparently has built in noise canceling circuitry for the mics, will it be possible to use this to invert the incoming sound and play it out the bluetooth to cancel road noise/engine noise like in some of the high end automobiles? I would like dashbot to be able to: 1. Display your current driving speed 2. Be integrated with tunein radio When I saw Dashbot and read about , it reminded me of an app I use on my phone when I am driving called automate- car dashboard. Both make common services available while driving, but dashbot takes it to a new level by offering led display, using diffrrent voices and much more. I am excited to get dashbot. If it is integrated with Amazon echo, I assume it is already integrated with Amazon music, correct? Will there be anything exclusive for backers before Dashbot hits the open market? Or will Dashbot have anything added or a new design since you're over 100k in your goal. @Creator You didn't answer my question, could you make the app compatible with Android 4.3 and up. My phones and tablets run Android 4.3 If we've already got a cassette adapter to use, will it just be plug and play into the base dashbot? I assume it's just using an aux out, right? Since there's no tier for "2 dashbots and a retro pack" I'd much rather use the cassette adapter I already have rather than "2x all the things" and get a bunch of stuff I don't need. Since you are asking for suggestions, I would love it to display my current speed. Also +1 for Waze integration. Can you show a screen shot of the app? <url>ürger hat keine Lobby die Großen schon. Du kannst das änderen bei der Wahl. Wie schön das ich kein Handy brauch , ich nutze mein Smartphone nur für wenige spezielle Apps. Meine Kontakte sind leer - keine gespeicherten Nummern - NIEMALS @Brian Beckwith - I agree. I would love to see a WiFi option. It would make this unit extremely versatile for so many other uses. @Creator Were you planning to answer ANY of the dozens of questions that have been asked over the past week? @Next Thing Co. Will we be able to buy another Dashbot at the end of the campaign? I'm curious as a backer to know if Dashbot will also work with Google Home? Hi, Any chance your wonderful project can have be dash board cam too? That would really be awesome feature... Cheers! So can next co. speak for Alexa/Amazon in terms of privacy?! herbie , meinte nicht die Anbindung, sondern das "flatrate" kontingent. in Östereuch gibts verträge mit bis zu 64 GB, andere umliegenden Länder bis zu 10-15 GB Datenvolumen. wenn du hier ohne promotion 2 GB buchst, hast du schon nen teuren Vertrag.. @Axel Niesen Wenn Du der Meinung bist das Deutschland sich im Digitalen Mittelalter befindet muss ich wieder sprechen . Entweder hast Du Pech das Du am falschen Ort wohnst oder Dein Kleingeld reicht nicht. Ich wohne zur Grenze nach NL am Arsch der Welt ,hab trotzdem schnelles Internet. Nur mein Kleingeld reicht nicht für all diesen Digitalen Mist. Nun frage ich mich wirklich warum ich der NSA durch die Mithilfe von Amazon s Echo, den Driet von Google und Microsoft auch noch eine von mir bezahlte 24 Stunden Abhörhilfe liefern soll. Allein das Deutschland den USA bei Wiesbaden einen Internetknoten mit direktem Anschluss an deren riesigen Rechnerknoten liefert den wir bezahlen dürfen sagt doch alles über unsere schöne Digitale Welt @Jim Todd : OBD dongles are really easy to install on any car i've seen, it's kind of like a giant USB dongle, there will typically be a matching port somewhere in the area under your steering wheel. Just search on youtube for '(your car year/name) OBD' and, it should give you a guide on where the port is specifically, shouldn't take more than a few minutes to install. If your car is from before 1996, there's a good chance it may not have an OBD port though. The voice on the test video sounds very different than the campaign video. I much prefer the voice on the campaign video. I just read the answer in the FAQ, mea culpa :x Will Dashbot be able to understand German too? And if not, will it be able to understand someone who is not a native speaker? :D @Joshua Newport , Clay Cooper Thanks for your information. Will be backing this Question about OBD-II as I am not a car dude....how much is required to activate this...do I have to adjust things under the hood? Thanks...in the future when I have questions like this I'll just ask Dashbot Will you be able to add a custom name, i.e. instead of dashboard or computer, say KITT?? Lol Most of their fulfillment issues seem to come from it ships direct from China, it's been my experience with places like wish.com that at least 5% of the stuff gets lost in shipping. With $40k ordered, I'm surprised the number of complaints aren't way higher. Will I be able to use Dashbot and Alexa seamlessly? Like can I tell Dashbot to text someone and then directly after ask Alexa when the next Star Wars film comes out? Yeah..the whole "can't sell wake word Alexa" issue is a funny distortion of the whole "Kickstarter is not a store" T&C...it's not a store, you aren't buyijg anything - it's a free gift for backing at $XX....I love it when draconian T&Cs, ToS, and EULAs fight... @Ah Yap - I backed their C.H.I.P KS. I have not followed it since I got mine, so I am not sure about other people, but I can say that, in my experience, they were great. They were very professional through the whole thing and I got mine exactly when I was supposed to. I thought they were great and am looking forward to this one. Yes, WAZE support would be GREAT. Waze on my honda doesn't work through car bluetooth, because it acts like phone, and gets totally confused when you try to do voice commands. Does dashbot use your sever to operate or just a cell phone ? Dittoing any calls for WAZE integration! It would be great to make voice reports of traffic and hazards while driving. #SAFETY! @Ah Yap NTC has been great about fulfillment on their previous campaign. Backers who didn't receive their rewards have been negligent in either updating their info or contacting NTC. This product seems great and awesome but looking at their previous products and the comments on their campaign.... Quite alot of backers did not even receive their rewards yet..Hmmm I'd love to see Dashbot read me books--either by TTS on epubs and mobis, or by looking for audiobooks downloaded in Overdrive or Smart Audiobook Reader. Also, to play podcasts such as are aggregated by itunes (maybe just an interface to Podcast Addict?) @Creator Could you make the Android App compatible with 4.0+ Android Users or at least have a version for older smart phones. My phone is running Android 4.3 @Axel - They support offline mode, just will be a lot more limited on what it can understand. They also support loading maps on sd card for offline gps functions. @Peter - Currently they are not selling, as this will be a free reward for Kickstarter backers, so no issues there. If they continued the feature outside of Kickstarter then they would need to include any costs from Google to enable the feature at that point. How about using the voice or light effects like they did for the Knight Industries 2000 (KITT), that'd be cool!!! It would be great if we could get Tasker support on Android. Since it integrates with so many apps already, it would let you control all of the things that Dashbot won't on day one. Alexa support hey. Last time I read the Alexa AVS terms of use, you couldn't use Alexa for free if you were selling a device with wake-word capability. So a big question here - How are you going to avoid on-going costs if you are using Alexa with wake-word functionality? This is starting to sound like the Protonet Zoe all over again... Have you actually negotiated some arrangement with Amazon? Please confirm it is so! Otherwise the promises here are starting to smell very fishy... Can you do a video demo of the OBDII features? Can DashBot connect to multiple concurrent BT devices? i.e. Cell Phone for data connection, Head unit for audio output and tablet for music. Can DashBot do hands-free voice calls? i.e. dial a call from cell phone contact and receive calls with display and/or spoken caller ID. oh i forgot.. PLEASE delete dashbot and implement "KITT" :-))) am i right that only online services will work? i must be always on? but are we germans the only who live in digital medival? if i use amason music, sporify etc for 30 min. my flatratevolume will be emty. here is 2 GB really big for a mobile account!! so implement more offlines like whatsapp (by the way, who wrotes Sms anymore??? �) oh make Here running ( HERE is the best lifetime free, worldwide and the best offline working navigation app) Love this product, very anxious to get my hands on it, I spend a lot of time in my car. Couple of wish list items (sorry if this has been asked already). #1, can you make the power connection removable so we can use the (I assume) cigarette lighter as well as direct wire like a lot of radar detectors offer. Also, other color led's option would be nice (blue?) to match multiple dashboard lighting schemes. Thanks! Any way to get William Daniels voice for Dashbot? :) :) Hi I was wondering if you can make everything work over WiFi as well so you don't need a phone or Bluetooth connection? Is there going to be a way to get the Expansion Pack x2? I want to get two, but I have no interest in the cassette player or the FM transmitter, so I don't want to get the All The Things x2. Hi all, there is a connector with I/o pins or a 4g quad band fast mobile gsm modem dip for this super computer?!? Is the OBD2 port adapter specific to the Dashbot? or could I use the Bluetooth one I already have? Hello guys! Great work here. Would it be possible to have a USB or OTG-USB port to attach a camera to say something like "Dashbot record video" and of course record it. Maybe having a USB port will make more code-hackable with other USB devices. Regards and keep it up. Hello NTC! I am again here for the second success. Just a question: how many language will it support? I am italian! Thx guys! Will Dashbot be able to use Pandora? will it have apple homekit or Siri support. I like using my phone when I pull into the driveway and telling siri to turn on my lights... I also have Alexa through the house, so I saw the notice that you can use Alexa functions, does that just mean I tell it to use Alexa instead of Siri? Does the Bluetooth audio support aptx? Hi, thanks for the update and as I said, I have pledged for 4 Dashbots but I would like to add a one Dashbot with the ODBII connector. Is that possible? Can orange/yellow LED's be an option? Red is super jarring to my eyes at night. Hell just make them rgb and let the user decide... If you need any beta testers, I have a honda, toyota, and dodge with blue tooth support to help test. They all different issues with how the bluetooth handle calls/music how they handle incoming calls/texts. It frustrating they all seem so worried that they won't get sued, they produce cars that are a million times more dangerous to use with less functionality than they should have. When is the sdk becoming Available, and is that enough to start working on translations Love it! Does it also function as a handsfree / car kit? Please do support metrics for the OBD2 like kilometers, liters and so! How is the power supply? Is it a standalone power adapter, or can we get one with a USB port for our dual USB chargers? Mine has 1A/2.1A outlets, should be enough I hope. I just want the 2 dashbot + 2 obd-ll + micro sd? What should i do? Are you going to add reward for this? I don't want the other old accessories. Any chance of adding support for Amazon Prime Music before this baby ships? @Prolusio I feel the same about development and would also like EXTRA MOUNTING PLATES I would also LOVE to see a DISCOUNT after the campaign for extra DASHBOTS @Next Thing Co. Great idea! I look forward to following the development of this product. My question is will it be possible to purchase additional mounting plates as an add-on? I'd love to be able to swap it between work vehicles. Thanks for your time I hope to see a video of Dashbot's OBDII functions. thanks for the answers. but i think you must explain the bluetooth connections more specific. whos is comunicate with whom. who will be the sender etc. how will be the comunication row (we speak --> bot hear --> send to mobile phone --> infos came in --> send to car bluetooth --> car speakers "speaks" i think these comunication and how it works could be a big problem for many backers. i think many assesories (car or phone or etc) couldnt handle that. the bot will do that multi comunication but you can't plan with beckers accessory. i think this would be more important than any OBD integration. Just backed the Retro Pack (yes, I have an old car). My question for @Creator is if there are any limitations for the FM transmitter (which is how I plan to connect the project to my car). I currently have my own FM transmitter that I use with my car and I usually use it to stream podcasts from my phone to the FM transmitter. Will I also be able to do this with your project, or will the FM transmitter only be compatible with the features/apps you have listed on the campaign page? Thanks! Any plans to add support for TuneIn radio? Definitely a great addition and opens it up to free live streaming radio stations around the world. I have a question regarding the navigation(just backed the caravan option!), does it use normal google maps? or can it use any navigation application, like waze, as that is my preferred navigation application of choice I knew how it works, didn't knew how it integrated with the dashbot :) Thanks for the update. I don't mind risking tax and custom fees, not all products stop at customs and pre-paying is a cost I don't want. I prefer to risk and receive the item in my customs or not, always done this in KS when optional and a few stopped. Chip was directly at my home. It's like playing euromillions. Just shared the campaign. Happy to support you:-) Also, just curious, how do you know if we shared it do we have to tell you? Good luck for all :-) if i already have a bluetooth OBDII connector, will it pair with dashbot ? is there a spec. needed for OBDII connector to pair with dashbot ? thanx J if you look at the update, OBDII is bluetooth, no cord, plug it in, connect the bluetooth, and forget about it. Possible to order it with OBDII but not choose to use and and not have it hanging down in the car ? Why not add a solar panel to the top of the unit. This would charge an internal battery and avoid running any wires to the car when you have a bluetooth enabled car or use FM receiver in car? @Creator Also, can you please explain the OBDII functionalities? Is the OBDII connector BT? Will the dashbot show us data from the ODBII? Will that data sync to an app or only show live data? Please evaluate the Portugal shipping restriction, i received Chip here (yes, already a backer :) ) Congratz on this great product. Should add support for a usb camera, and find ones that would mount to it nicely. Paired with OBDII, would make an awesome device to prove what was really happening when police pulled you over wrote you a ticket. Also if the camera was something like ps3 vision it could warn you if you got to close to person in front of you left your lanes. Can you elaborate on the 'FM radio' service (not FM transmitter)? Is there an FM radio receiver chip inside Dashbot, like there is one in my android phone, or are you referring to a streaming app? Actually both variants would be very interesting. In case no data is available, I could listen to local FM stations. On the other hand, I could stream radio stations from other parts of the world. @Creator Why no shipping to Portugal but ship to Spain? i'm thinking about the bot. And something i dont understand. it uses bluetooth. so i connect the bot with my car bluetooth. but if is connect with the car, it cannot connect also with my phone. so how does that work, because i uses the car bluetooth for hand-free device. can i use the bot to text over whatsapp? @Kent Hambrock Did you mean Pandora? @Creator Will it read text messages to you? I'm also curious about the OBDII reader functionality, but more importantly I don't text, I have Google voice as a service so literally all of my calls and texts come through hangouts. If I'm going to get this, I need to know it has native support for Hangouts. I also use Panera pretty much exclusively, if you could get that and hangouts working I'd be pretty well set. What a great idea! I got two of everything so I'm covered. Looks totally flexible, perfect for the car, but I think it will work great on wheels wandering my house connected to the home network. With a little code work it can be a wonderful robot front end . . . ."Hey Robot, play the Latest Star Trek movie again and bring me a beer!" You've done everything already except provide the movie and beer, that's my big part! I don't have to start from scratch, thank you. Another one interested in OBD-II. Will it work with most typical OBD-II bluetooth-enabled devices that speak ELM327? What's the Sd card for? Will my car need to support Bluetooth audio as well as phone audio? I would also like to know what the OBD-2 port does...how is it involved? can't wait to say, "Dashbot, lets loose these pigs!" How is apple music playback is going to be supported? I notice it has battery. How it last if not plug to power source I'm following you again NTC. Will Dashbot be able to speak another language than English ? Keep going on ! Hi, I've put through a pledge for the family pack, is there any way to order a ODBII device on its own? Hi, seems like a terrific idea. Will it work with other languages rather then English? Tnx and good luck This is a KILLER idea! I already see how it should be added too! 1. Create a mount designed for a bicycle stem which gives you an external lithium battery. 2. The mount could also incorporate a headlight. 3. Modify the Voice AI to provide access to activity tracking information from the bluetooth connected phone. Pandora? This device includes an always-on microphone monitoring all sounds in the interior of one's vehicle, connected to a machine that is connected to the Internet, correct? If so, what are your plans for ensuring that users of this device--with all the security vulnerabilities that come with a general-purpose operating system--will not be effectively providing remote surveillance devices to adversaries by using the Dashbot in their vehicles? Will i work with Shazam and SoundHound? A couple of questions please: 1. Will dashbot be able to place and answer phone calls? 2. Will dashbot read aloud incoming texts? 3. Will dashbot work with Audible? Thanks. I am wondering about what the SD card and obdii add. Another OBD-II curious backer here :) I got in on the free shipping of one, will there be anyway to add a 2nd with free shipping on both? Oh, and will it blue tooth to a blue tooth obdii connector, that would rock. You guys are very good at hitting an irresistible price point! I would also like to know what the OBDII functionality is... This is a fantastic idea. I don't really need this for myself as all our cars have the functionality built in, but I strongly believe that more cars on the road with integration like this will be safer for everyone so I will be giving mine as a gift to someone else and forwarding this project along. That chipster special was gone before I could press the damn button :( Congrats NTC ! I have some questions: - Will it work without a phone being connected ? - What it can do without a phone ? - Will it with with a phone that does not have mobile data connectivity ? - What can it do without mobile data ? - What's the OBD II port used for ? - Can the OBD II connector be ordered separately / added later ? And the most important: - Is it hackable ? Can i add my own stuff to Dashbot ? (like a clock or a nifty real-time graph for fuel consumption read from the OBD II data) I'm backer no. 43 for this car item and my car spot no. is also 43 - It's impossible that this is a coincidence!