Reminder: All reward tiers $35 and greater will now receive 4 copies of the PROTOTYPE, BETA and names in the game! If you have already pledged for the $35/$40- you just got two more copies! This counts for all new pledges as well. All reward tiers ($10 and higher) will receive the full game once it's complete! T-Shirt Designs: Check out the rewards section for more details! Survival Mode+Name in Game: Your name will appear in two places in Dysis - once in a credits section so that you can show all your friends, and again in a survival game mode. The survival game mode will pit players against endless waves of enemy robots. These waves will increase in difficulty, and everyone who has pledged for Dysis will have their name randomly chosen and shown above the attacking robots: Explanation: there will be many attacking robots, but your reward tier will decide how your name is placed. So the $10 reward tier (and all other tiers) will appear on the most common, but also easiest to defeat small robots. All tiers $20 and up will appear on stronger units, like tanks. The $40 tier will appear on the basic Architect, and the pattern continues all the way up the tiered reward system. $250 tier rewards will have their name above their own customized Architects, and $1000 tiers will have their name on their customized main story character. Because the lower end robots will appear more often, the higher tier rewards will also be placed into the name selection pool for those enemies. Your name(s) in the game will be those of your choice - it can be your actual name, nickname, gamertag - whatever you want! It doesn't have to match the gamertag you choose to play the game with, but it can if you want! I will message everyone after the Kickstarter is over to inquire about the names. Also check out the new Naval Unit+Underwater Battle Stretch Goal! Together we can make it happen! The Architect class robot is the reason you want to pilot robots first person in Dysis! This robot will be personalized for the $250 tier, has the ability to pick up and place (and even throw) terrain blocks, build buildings, and fight! Use it to lead your army or workers! Deployable Units Coming up, there will be a large range of turrets, shield generators, traps, walls, mines and more in Dysis! As a sneak peak, here is how the basic turret will work: This turret unfolds from the size of one terrain block, so it can be moved at any time with a Mason construction bot or an Architect. Modding Info! While having a full modding API is still far from finished, being able to insert your own models into Dysis and animate them is already a possibility! This tool is designed specifically for Dysis and will come with every copy. I built it using some of the same techniques I use to program moves into my real-life robots. Also check out the brand new $500 reward tier where you could join me for a meal and fight with some of my robots - you just have to get to me and I'll take care of the rest! Thank you again everyone for your support - and keep spreading the word. Together we can make Dysis great! Thanks everyone for helping Dysis reach its Kickstarter goal! Our mission isn't over yet though - I have a lot more stuff to share with you, including expanded rewards, brand new content, and exciting new stretch goals! First of all, I am bumping up all the $35 and greater reward tiers: All reward tiers $35 and greater will now receive 4 copies of the PROTOTYPE, BETA and names in the game! If you have already pledged for the $35/$40- you just got two more copies! This counts for all new pledges as well :) All of your support and encouragement has me really excited - I've whipped up some brand new terrain and biomes: I am also officially announcing modding support! I will be developing a modding API that users can use to add and share their own content - more details to follow. The Dysis stretch goals have been enhanced too! Now included are space station battles, ancient alien underground tech deep beneath the Dysis surface, travel to asteroids with awesome space robots, and of course - travel to other planets where you can encounter alien races! We can make all these awesome things happen together: Dysis is a creative voxel-based real time strategy and first person shooter hybrid. You are given an army of robots, the ability to manipulate your environment, and the task of escaping the Dysis. The land is infinite, hostile and mysterious. You must explore, research and survive. You've just crash landed; your journey begins with limited resources and the knowledge that you will be facing wave after wave of hostile enemies. You must engage or evade them to survive. You can hide your crash site and base by manipulating the world around you, block by block, or you can bring the fight to the enemy first-hand by piloting a robot and leading your army to victory! Fly overhead in a strategic view allowing you to control vast armies. Guide your units to success and escape the Dysis, or fail and watch as your efforts burn to the ground. Get in and pilot any robot of your choice - crush your enemies first-hand, or build up your base to withstand assaults: the choice is yours! Play with and against friends via LAN or internet! Whether you instruct your robots to tame the land or drive them yourself - you have full control over the terrain that you conquer. Everywhere! Both land and air based. Hi! I'm Chris Farrell, I design, build and program humanoid robots, practice karate and make games. I'm currently programming Dysis as a team of one - just me - and I'm passionate about all different aspects of game design. Sometimes I get to bring my robots around the world to compete, so I figure - why not bring them into a game too? The Dysis engine is voxel based, so it can be used for dynamic manipulation in the game, but can also accept input from external sources - that is, the world can be scanned in from real life. Eventually, I plan on allowing robots to scan in their environments so that they can use the mechanics and simulated physics of Dysis to interact with the real world. Until now, my game development has been entirely self-funded. I want to use Kickstarter to fund the next stage of the game, to get the tools and licences required to turn my prototype into a full, polished game. I need a minimum of $5,000 to invest in software licenses to get Dysis out there. Achieving my stretch goals would allow me more time to work on it, more tools, and the ability to produce a higher quality game. Software: As a new company, One Dimension Games does not have the tools and licenses other companies may have to develop games. Software is expensive and adds up quickly - but can also be used on many games in the future! [I've had a few people ask for specifics, so here is a brief list of some of the software I will be aiming to get commercial licenses for, not necessarily in order and dependent on funds: Adobe Photoshop & Premiere, Autodesk 3DsMax & Inventor, Chaos Group Vray. This software will be used for model making, texture creation, and making videos to show those interested in the game] Hosting: In order to release the game, show updates, and help foster a community so that people may share progress in the game, I will need to maintain substantial server space. Surviving: Development takes time, and while I am building the game, I need to live somewhere and eat food (I'm not a robot, yet). I would love to be able to work on this full time! Polish: Any additional money will go directly into the game, whether it is sound effects, music, extra tools to help build better models faster - everything will go towards the game. Kickstarter allows players and supporters (hey, that's you!) to give feedback and have a direct relationship with developers. I would love to hear what you are thinking so that we can make this project together! The Beta: Everyone who contributes (enough to qualify for the first reward) gets access to the Beta when it is released. The Beta is an early release of the game featuring all of the major content, and will become the final game - so you eventually get the final game too! The Prototype: The prototype represents the work you've seen so far, it is an ever changing version that I will be constantly updating. Incomplete at the moment, it will eventually become the Beta. You will get to see the progress made constantly and the direction of the game as it takes place. T-Shirts: If you have pledged for shirts, at the end of the campaign I will message you and inquire for the design(s) you want, size, and get your shipping address so I can get them to you! I will be vectorizing the designs here so they have the maximum printable quality/DPI! Your Very Own Robot! Using the same design that has won several RoboGames kung-fu competitions, I will custom build you a working humanoid robot! I can put your name (or nickname) on the robot, it will be able to fight, play basic soccer, get up if it falls over, walk and do some gymnastics. I can't guarantee future updates to your new best friends programming, but I can give the knowledge required to give your robo-buddy new moves. Please support this project! Tell your friends and family - with your help, huge robot battles across dynamic terrain await! Thanks again to Harry Rowell for the music - I couldn't have done this without you! All Prototype invites have been submitted to Desura! You should receive an email from them shortly if you pledged for a Prototype. If you do not receive an invite email and did pledge for the Prototype, let me know via email immediately and I will fix this. From here on in, the Dysis Forum ( forum.dysis.net ) will be the best place to discuss anything and everything about Dysis. For bugs, technical issues and general discussion, go there! There are instructions with your invitation email, however to be clear, I recommend you download Dysis in the standalone installer (for all OSs) as it is the most up to date at this time. All the best from me and the rest of the One Dimension Games team! -Chris Hello everyone! It's the end of December, and Dysis has been submitted for verification on Desura. Unfortunately that process took longer than I anticipated (I just got the first build of Dysis submitted to Desura last night), so it looks like we will be a couple days late with the launch - sorry about that! Don't worry though, I'm taking that time to search out bugs and get gameplay more polished. To coincide with the Prototype Launch, I've got a new team member who will managing some brand new forums, a wiki for details on Dysis, our re-vamped development blog, and the Dysis facebook page (to help spread Dysis to new people)! Dysis now has forums available from the Dysis.net front page and forum.dysis.net . Visit these to join the Dysis community, Prototype related things, bugs, support, and much more! This will be the best place to get support if you are having issues (and check to see if those issues are known and being fixed). The Dysis wiki is going to be full of Dysis info - right now it is restricted to in-house editing, so you can be assured that all information going up is valid and true(ish). The wiki will hold information on units, buildings, materials, terrain, a back story, and everything else. It will also include a change log for each version of Dysis as it is updated, that way you can keep track of the work I do each week and see the bugs you have disappear. The wiki is located at: wiki.dysis.net The Dev Blog has been revamped (and actually moved), as my previous development blog only supported a single user (short sighted on my part). All of the posts have been transferred over, and now you should expect more regular updates on the blog - both coinciding with updates, as well as any new stuff I put into the game as I make it. You can still reach it from the Dysis.net main page and tumblr.dysis.net Dysis on Facebook We've posted Dysis on Facebook to make sharing it with friends even easier: <url>"Early Access" on Steam, and all backers will receive their keys to gain access very shortly. Still on my plate before the game goes live: finishing cloud saves on steam (mostly done, I just want to make sure that updates will go smooth in the future here). Integrating into the Steam matchmaking lobby system (a bit more tricky - the entire interface is written in C, and Dysis for the most part is not - however this will be done soon). I've been working with my sound guy recently, and we are getting a lot more sounds and music into the game - so you'll be able to experience all of that once the game goes live. I've also been squashing some rather large/annoying bugs that have to due with Intel graphics cards/especially with OSX - and I'll admit it has taken me a lot longer than I expected to get that working fully - however I think I completely have at this point - so Dysis should definitely be working better on lower end systems now. @S.D. - weird about the FB profile - sorry about that, must have been some new privacy thing? I went ahead and just opened up all my privacy options to ensure that link works again! The settings in the launcher are those for the actual game (and World Builder - though the WB resolution is dynamic as it can be resized) - but you'll be able to set any of the graphical or audio settings via the launcher. The launcher will also check your hardware and ensure it is compatible (and only allow you to choose options available to you/tell you if you're going to see any errors in-game). Unfortunately I've yet to finish multiplayer, and it's (obviously) taking me a lot longer to perfect internet stuff than I had expected. I've made some other large updates to the engine (now allowing full terrain shadows and the like) and have posted a brief description of the "Dysis World Builder" tool that will be coming with this upcoming release on the blog ( <url>"Purchased Downloads" there will be three stand-alone versions. (Currently the Windows and Linux are at 0.0.03, and Mac is at 0.0.02, but if you want the .03 on OSX, just grab the Linux ZIP, extract and run the Dysis.command file) The 2x Proto was upgraded to 4x all around (so 4 Proto, beta, full game on release) - if you are missing keys, shoot me a direct email so I can track a little easier (and send you keys myself to that email if you haven't received them). Gifts aren't linked to names - the backer list name (which isn't included in this version) will be global - so everyone will see all backers in the survival and credits when that list in included. So the gift keys you have can be sent to anyone you want. Dysis has a test build on Desura, but I'm still waiting for the builds that I can distribute to be verified. I've been in contact with a staff member, so hopefully I'll be sending out the keys/invites very soon! I was a little behind getting the install to Desura (just got it up to them last night), I'm working on an update, but we might be a couple days behind schedule, my apologies! I'll be getting an update out soon to keep you informed on everything, but right now we are waiting for the first Prototype to be verified by Desura (they check to make sure the install works and such)! Thanks folks - definitely feeling better, just set me back a little bit! :) Calvin - very cool! Adam - you should be able to just go to the Dysis main Kickstarter page, there should be a banner at the top that says "One Dimension Games needs information from you". Actually, according to my records, I've already got your survey info - you should be good to go. You can private message me if you want to check and make sure the details are right! Sure thing Darren, I should have an update in the next day or two (I'm a little behind as I had a small bout with food poisoning at the end of last week which set me back a few days - apologies for the delay), but I've got some great new info, and I'm just working on a couple models/units before I post the update! Thanks for your patience, we're getting really close to the Prototype now! Cool! Well, I'm currently aiming at the end of the December. I still don't have a date nailed down (I really ought to sit down in the next day or two and do that) - but I'm still pushing content in, I've been testing a bunch of system setups (hardware and OS stuff), and I'll be testing out the distribution stuff to make sure everything goes smoothly and is easy for everyone! While my main dev computer is Windows, Linux and OSX are looking great; I've fixed all the (small) OS related bugs I've found, and they are running really smoothly. I'm still working on some bugs/hardware limitations in the Intel Graphics chipsets (especially since digging into that stuff could uncover some other optimizations) - but hopefully I'll have that working really well by weeks end. I would prefer to get all the names into the game at the same time and have the list finalized, however I'll leave some room for exceptions - as that is definitely understandable. Sometime before the Beta I plan on announcing that I'm closing any changes to the credit list (and I'll give a bit of time when I announce this) - does that give you enough time? Also, any backers that submitted less names than their maximum will get an increased probability of those names showing up on the robots in the survival rounds (so lets say you have 4 names to use and you only put 1 in, that name will appear as often as if it were put in 4 times), though it will still only appear once in the credit listing. Good question, and thanks for asking! The email address you provided will just be used to contact you so that you can choose to distribute the copies as you see fit, the copies won't be tied to your email. Strike that, error with Desura was on my side (whoops?) - good to go now! Whipping up the surveys and some pictures for the update right now. @Josiah - haha, yes indeed. That's why I've got someone else to manage the forums coming in. Should keep me focused on content! Hey! Working on an update for today, and I'll be sending out those surveys today too! Nope, we aren't ranked on Greenlight yet (unfortunately, I was hoping we would be by the time I made an update), plus I'm still waiting to hear back from Desura (but I feel pretty confident on that front). Dysis is at 93% towards getting into the top 100 on Greenlight though, so that is really good news! Hopefully we will be ranked soon, and it'll only be a matter of time before Dysis is up on Steam :) Keep telling everyone you know! There /technically/ is a Dysis forum, however I am re-vamping it, and I'm bringing someone else on board to handle it every day (answer questions, moderate, posting new info there, etc.) - I'll have that up and running smoothly just before the Prototype launch! Apologies for the lack of new/recent information, I've been hard at work though, and have lots to show you later today! Working on an update, apologies for the delay - don't worry, I've got some really cool new units to show off! Also the Amazon payments just closed, so I am prepping the surveys and will release them with an official update. Thanks for your patience! IIzTrollin - I've been testing on a bunch of different system setups, still not ready for the Proto release, and I have some more content to add - but it'll be here before you know it! Someone else has asked about this - my main priority is gameplay and content at the moment, but I can put it onto a list of secondary priorities. Also, I'll be making sure the resolution scales nicely (though that's really wide!). Secondary monitor support would be really cool for this kind of RTS though, I agree - you must have 3 screens though? wow! I'll be keeping it in mind - thanks for the suggestion/question. Prototypes are set for December, though I still don't have a specific date yet! I'm currently working on getting Dysis set for Desura, and I'll be talking with some other distribution channels really soon (I'm not settled on what to use for the Prototype yet though - but I'll make sure it's available for all OSs!). Today I did some work to ensure Dysis was compatible with AMD/ATI graphics cards (since my development system uses Nvidia) - I am happy to announce that AMD/ATI is looking great! Hopefully all of my other system setup tests will go as smoothly and I can get the Prototype into your hands as soon as possible! Nope! I can only send out 1 survey per tier, so I'm waiting for anyone who has an error-ed pledge to fix it before I send them out (there are a few days left to fix payments on Amazon - and I'm not sure if people with errors will receive the surveys?). I'll be sure to make an announcement when I do so, just in case someone doesn't receive it! Because of that delay, I'm working on some new content - so I'll post that with the update at the same time! Don't worry though Scott, you won't be forgotten :) I'll definitely be trying to get Dysis on Steam as fast as I can, though who knows how long that will take? Steam doesn't actually tell me how many votes up/down I've got - just a percentage of getting into the top 100, it's my understanding that the Greenlit games are those in the top 10-20. So far Dysis isn't in the top 100 yet (of course it's only been a few days), but if we keep pushing we can make it! In the mean time, I do have a built in screen-cap function =p Working on one right now - sorry for the delay, I've got a lot of information to send out to everyone, and I'm just getting it together! :) Thanks again everyone - you are fantastic! I'll be posting the PayPal links tonight, and I'll leave them up for a bit - hopefully we will hit the $30k total without too much trouble! I'll be sending out an update announcement when I get those PayPal links up to give out details as far what's coming up next and what my plans are! To clarify for anyone who is unsure - the Prototype will become available in December, but I don't have an exact date nailed down. I will be doing extensive testing with different platforms/system setups. If everything goes smoothly right away then the Prototype will be released a little earlier in the month, if it takes some time to adjust for different systems and make sure I have the content in that I need for a fun Prototype release, it might be a bit later in the month. I want to make sure that your first experience with Dysis is a blast, even though it will just be a Prototype! Also, over the next couple days I will be sending out messages to everyone to gather names for Dysis, T-Shirt sizes, and all the other info I need - I'll elaborate on this a little more in the update - so stay tuned! I'm going to be setting up some PayPal links on Dysis.net later today for those who couldn't pledge here on Kickstarter - I'll be adding that total to what we have here so we can hit the additional stretch goals! Thanks for your support everyone! Yes they do Jacob! Thanks for your continuing support! @Darren - good deal! :) @Jason - Yes, absolutely. I definitely should have been more clear. Thanks for asking! Both early bird tiers are counted like their higher tier counterpart in this regard as well. @Corhen Haha, well I'm basing the word off a partial Dyson Sphere, so a Dysis. Don't worry I have good reasons for this which will be unveiled in the campaign story! @Jacob - hope you liked the shirts and the extra info about backer names! As for minimum specs, I'm still working on those (and that is one of the big things I will be working on as the prototype date gets closer - code optimization and various system testing). What I can recommend is having a dedicated graphics card (or at very least an Intel HD 3000) - I recommend an Nvidia or AMD/ATI solution though! I plan on having some graphics settings, so at the very least you can turn them down if you are having some graphics difficulties. I also recommend at least a couple GB of RAM. @S.D. thanks! Also, that's really good info to know! @Patrick, right now there is just one tech tree in the works (with bigger, end game units in the end of the tech tree). I was hoping to add other alien races if we hit the "Travel to Other Planets" goal, but in lieu of that, I'm just not sure. For now, I am going to focus on a single "race", and make sure to add some variety in the ways you can choose to play it - in the future I may add more! @Darren - thanks! For the $20 pledge you get access to the Prototype, Beta and full game. The Prototype is set to release in December - it will be more than what you have seen so far, but it will be something that I am constantly working on. You basically get to join in on the ground floor and see Dysis as I develop. Because of this, you can add input, and see the game evolve. The Beta is scheduled for March of next year, by then I plan on having the majority of the gameplay content working, a lot of bugs smoothed out and I will be working on the campaign. While I don't have a date set yet, you will also get access to the full game when that happens (hopefully not TOO long after the Beta)! Thanks again for your support everyone! I couldn't do it without you! Thanks all! @Brigham - after the Kickstarter has finished, I will ask people for the name(s) that they to be inside the game. You will also be able to choose your own nickname in the game (so they can be the same if you want, or not - up to you!) @Robert - Thanks! Right now my plan is to get Dysis onto Steam Greenlight, hopefully it will make it up on Steam. Regardless, everyone who pledges will get a DRM-free copy, and if Dysis does make it on Steam, I will send out keys to everyone that wants to transfer their copy to Steam (but you won't be forced to). @Diji - Perhaps! I'm not a huge fan of paid DLC, but I do think that the stretch goals can add a lot to the story and gameplay of Dysis, and I would love to give them the time and effort they deserve! In the meantime, there are still 48 hours - so don't give up yet! @IIzTrollin - no problem! We'll figure it out, just let me know when you want to switch/add in a couple names. Thanks Patrick! Sure, we can change the names later, but I would prefer not to do this too much once the Prototype has launched! Yes! In fact, I will be asking every reward tier for what name(s) they want in the game - you don't have to use the same username as on Kickstarter either :) Absolutely! Once the Kickstarter is over, I'll be asking everyone for the name(s) they want to appear in the game! Who knows what will happen in the last few days, all I know is that I really appreciate everyone's support - thanks so much! @Carlos - I'm planning right now to get the Beta out by March :) As for the T-shirts, not out yet, I've been working on gameplay stuff non-stop since the launch. I do have one design fully made now, and I'll be working on the other two (which I've had sketched out) today. I'll be posting another update with those and info on how the names will be in the game once those designs are made! Thanks everyone! The Prototype should be available in December (it's at the bottom of the reward tiers that feature it), it will definitely be available for Mac (and Linux/Windows!), and I'm still nailing down the system requirements, however I recommend at least a couple GBs of RAM and a dedicated video card at the moment (part of the reason I am waiting until December to get it out there is I want to ensure it is compatible with all systems - even if I need to have a set of lower graphics settings). I've tested graphics card as low as the Intel 3000 HD (It was integrated on a desktop Intel core i5 I believe) and the Nvidia 8800 GTS and it is working on both, though it was a bit sluggish on the Intel card (though turning off post processing speeds stuff right up). I would recommend having an Nvidia or ATI/AMD graphics card, but I will be working on getting it optimized for as many cards as possible by December! While it may happen at some point, I've set the largest stretch goal at 50k because it really allows me the time I need to make other planets/robotic races a real possibility. So if we don't hit the 50k mark, I won't be focusing on the other planets until after Dysis hits full release. We're only a few humanoid robots away from that goal (haha), but with over a week left, anything could happen. Keeping telling everyone and hopefully we'll make it! Thanks Josh! There will be liquids (water and lava) however I'm unsure how far I'll get into naval battles. Currently the liquids will just be used as weapons (robots aren't really fond of either water or lava). You're not alone in expressing interest in this though, so I'll have to look into making naval battles a reality :) Well Matt, I tested both out, and I've ended on cubes - and while the hex terrain can still be used in the engine, I've made some optimizations on the cubes that simply cannot be done with the hexagon prisms. I really like the look of the hexes though, so I am working on a terrain smoothing algorithm that will render the cubes less blocky (right now it actually looks pretty similar to the hexagon terrain). I may re-introduce the hexagon terrain later for alien biomes. Haha, I don't think I'll be including portals in the game - however I could definitely see someone adding them in with a mod if they wanted! Thanks for the support folks, keep spreading the word! @ChuckAdams - haha, it sort of is! No hex prisms right now, what you are noticing is the first stage of my terrain smoothing progress. The terrain is smoothed horizontally for a less jagged look on corners, but it ends up looking a lot closer to the hex terrain, which I like. At the moment this is purely a rendering option, so users can switch easily between cubes and this. I'm glad you like the effect! Thanks everyone! @Josiah - ha, maybe at some point :) @Jacob - sounds like fun, I'll look into getting a venue and see how many people are near that would be interested. As for the reward tier though, people will definitely get their own personal experience! @Ben - thank you! @Jordan - yep, everyone will be able to host a multiplayer server and play at the same time. LAN and internet play will be available, plus people will be able to host a dedicated server if they would like. Thanks Jason! Absolutely - I'm working hard to get another update out with some good video action, but I definitely want to finish up some more deployable units first! @TheShadowDoctor - thanks! :D Haha, I agree too! I'll be posting on before I sleep, though I may work a bit into the night to make that happen :) I've got a lot of new stuff, and I want it to look good, then I'll be spending the next week whipping up some new video content for the final week and that final push - should be some really good stuff! Best, -Chris @MasterSJT - that's the idea! I haven't nailed down a max player count, but 4 player will definitely work :) @Josiah - just finishing up a few 3d models and getting some new elements programmed in - should be really soon! @TheShadowDoctor (and Josiah) - the large variety of biomes would definitely part of it, plus I would add a ton to the campaign story - so the money would give me the time to do that (since it would definitely take more time to pump that out). Originally I only had a couple stretch goals, I added the closer ones in the first update after we already hit the KS goal, but I didn't want to alter the planet goal number because I would love to hit it. I'll definitely look into adding additional goals between here and there - though 'conquer the galaxy' seems quite ambitious! Thanks for the support everyone! @Jacob - I'm not borrowing the story from anywhere :p I'm sure parts of the story will definitely be similar to other stories that I've read or heard in my past and liked - because you're right, people gain inspiration from any number of sources. However, I will be constructing a universe given some (hopefully unique) starting points, and attempting to generate a story logically given the rules and state of that universe. I'm not ready to unveil the entirety of the story just yet - so you'll just have to wait until I'm finished with it and it's in the game! @Pablo - The update to the $35+ tiers was an attempt to make them seem more favorable to the lower tiers (also to encourage people to share more with their friends). Basically, by getting in on the $35+ tiers you get a "bulk discount" - however all tiers should really be seen more as rewards than a purchase (as this is a fundraising platform). The new update will contain exciting content for everyone in all tiers to enjoy! @Josiah - I can tell you the story will be quite a bit more intricate than this =p nice try! Thanks Rich! The $30 pledge is 4 copies of the Beta, but no Prototype access (so you'd have to wait until March). To get four copies of the Prototype, you'll need to pledge on the $40 tier (I know it says two there, but I've updated it to include four copies now - I just can't change the description on the right hand side). Excited that we just hit $15k everyone! Thanks again for so much support! Keep telling your friends and spreading the word - another update is just around the corner! @Dylan Currently creating a bridge and destroying both sides will leave the center intact (unaffected by gravity), however there do exist some blocks that are affected by gravity (sand blocks) - they just can't be used to build bridges as they fall. I will be looking into some blocks that take traits from both of these and fall when not supported by blocks underneath or surrounding blocks. You will be able to use liquids to corner and destroy your enemy. @MasterSJT There will definitely be enemy bots capable of building and destroying terrain - so watch out :) As for traps - sort of. I am working on some deployables currently, and will release a lot of details on those with the update. @Jacob - I definitely agree and I'm already planning on having a story line. I've got an exciting plot in mind, and as we hit the stretch goals I have a bunch of things that I'll be adding to it (they won't just be levels added on top, each of those elements will extend the story mode!). Couldn't agree with you more :) Interesting thought to through it in as a stretch goal, however maybe I can do something like full unit and story voice-overs with one (since I intend on having the story in there no matter what). @Rich - thanks so much! I've definitely been trying to figure out game progression - I think I can say that obviously players will unlock new units, buildings (and I'll soon be announcing deployables), however I really like the idea of gaining rank. I'll be unveiling the commander robot soon, this robot will become upgraded as players progress through the story (and likely as they play each other) - plus, the $250 tier will have unique characters here - I'll be working with those who pledge to figure out all the awesome features these bots will have! I'll be releasing a lot more info on them soon, but the idea is that these robots will be multi-function; capable of building and fighting, plus great at leading your army in battle! There is no mobile version planned currently, but I will be looking into something like OnLive, which may offer a solution to this. Thanks for the support and encouragement everyone! Best, -Chris @Felix Thanks! @Josiah, you very well may be correct, hopefully this update I'm working on shall keep pushing things forward. Got several new big things to show off - just need another couple days to get them ready for prime-time :) @Jacob - ya, that'd be cool! @Ingvar, yes indeed! I've got a bunch of stuff I want to show off - just trying to get them all really nice before I get them out to you! @Ben - thanks! It should be a ton of fun for sure :) The space stations will have some space combat, though most of the action will take place inside the stations themselves - for maximum space combat, the goal will be asteroids - where you'll see stuff like micro-meteor storms that can impact your entire army and base and lots of other fun stuff. With space stations there will be orbital strikes and likely re-enforcements from your station! @Hunter - there will definitely be liquids (right now all I have planned is water and lava, however if we do make it all the way to other planets, I have a bunch of other liquids that I will be adding as well). You will definitely be able to use them against your enemies, though I haven't worked out their physics yet. They will likely be finite, and thus not like Minecraft. @Jacob - yes indeed there will be a story line and campaign! I'll be working on gameplay elements and adding in all the units/assets through the Prototype and then be working on the campaign during the Beta (as well as fixing up any bugs that show themselves). As far as games... hmm, well, most recently I played some Torchlight 2, that was a lot of fun. But I've dabbled in a bunch of things all the way back through the doom and quake games, half-life, starcraft, supreme commander, portal. So you know, a bit of everything. I don't really use Steam for online gaming that much, but I do quite enjoy it. I play LAN games most of all :) Thanks for the questions Ingvar! 1) The FPS mode will be used in a number of ways; first, to out maneuver enemies - we are talking like any FPS game here - chances are, you as a player can beat out the AI (if you are decent at FPS games). It'll be an obvious choice if you are winning a war to take some time, pilot a few robots and just have fun - it's quick and easy to jump into a robot, fight for a bit, exit and do something else. It'll also be advantageous if you're doing poorly too - lets say your opponent has more resources - you can't afford to throw waves of robots at them - so you pilot your bots in one at a time, or lead small squads (I'll be discussing squad tactics soon too) - this will allow you to use your skill in lieu of resources. The FPS part is built into the core of the game - so it's not just tacked on, it'll be a lot of fun to get in and reign destruction yourself. Plus you can always play creatively, move blocks around, build up a base by hand (though of course you can do that in RTS mode as well). 2) Right now, multiplayer will consist of skirmish RTS type maps - there will be various sizes, sets of biomes/themes, and you'll get to choose teams (so you can play with or against your friends and throw some AI bots into the mix as well). The smaller maps will probably make for shorter games than the larger :) Woo, thanks for the continued support everyone! :D Underground should be a lot of fun too - you'll be able to find ancient alien robotic factories that could help you turn the tide of war and much more! @Josiah - you'll definitely be able to tunnel, as for sink holes... likely not. But surfacing could definitely leave a decent sized hole, plus you'd end up in the middle of your opponents base! (if they let you get that far). @samuel (and Josiah) - yes, the engine does support potentially infinite terrain, however this won't be used for multiplayer skirmish modes (at least not at first). The article you were talking about Josiah is here: <url>"personal" youtube channel at: <url>| still nothing. That's sad. After a while of silence it looked like he resumed his work on this project, especially his "Pending Release" post on dev blog looked promising, but it was one year ago. Now all the sites except dev blog are down. I wish he would at least comment on the current status of the project, so we aren't waiting for nothing. Yes, even a small update would be appreciated, please. You sounded so close to release! i hope the project continues, please respond with some updates, thank you I know this is years later but I'm wondering if the beta for this game ever started or is the project dead now? With Dusura in the process of going under, I don't feel good about ever seeing another version of this game. Pity. @creater... just release what you have as a beta...or confirm you are working on it. Do you need help? Such promise... and no real action. Maybe he spent all his time building model robots... I also want a refund, although the developer never responded. This is shaping up to be my first backed project that withers and dies. A shame, but I guess I had to get burnt eventually. I want a full refund since this game has been abandoned. I'm still believe in this project. This sucks, I was looking forward to the project This is dead. Classic excuse too. "Family emergency" He could have released it to backers at least. Still no reply to my refund request. Big-IN, the last update on his blog was 8 months ago, and on the forums (which I can't even register for because they are abandoned) the last post was in April. This game is definitely abandoned. I already lost interest in video games...... so even if he did manage to publish it I'm no longer interested in it (you make me buy the game now and expect me to play it 2 years later? Give me a break!) No, it is not abandoned. Just not many updates are passed to us. Have a look at the dev. blog and project website. (<url>"refund" button any where on this project/page/website. Absolute silence on his web site, dev blog, FB account, and here after claiming some sort of 'family medical emergency' that lasted over a year. Hopefully he's embarrassed by his utter lack of professionalism on this project, not to mention squandering over 20,000 dollars. I'm sorry to say this project appears to be a complete failure. No real version update for over a year and, moreover, Chris posting once in three or more months even in twitter, and even if he heve some online presence now, I cannot reliably detect it. There's still hope that at some point project will be revived in full glory, but as of now it can be condidered on hold. so! what's goin' on with this project then? What ever happened to "I'll have this on Steam and Desura by the end of the month"... three months now and still waiting. Please new update on kickstarter! or anywhere! seriously! please! Could you please also do updates on Kickstarter updates? I cannot really track every single pledge I made through their own website... Thanks. Glad to hear Dysis is back in development, I was getting quite worried. I cannot wait for the steam release! Fantastic post, I'll admit that with the lack of communications I'd written this off as a kickstarter failure, fully excited once more - can't wait to see the release Phew, and here I thought I was going to have to mournfully mark this as my first ever "project that never delivered". Will this be available via Early Access, or is it coming as a full release? Thanks for the update. I've read through the blog post and it looks amazing, looking forward to release :) Sorry to hear that, still looking forward to the next release! We believe! Chris, I can only imagine what types of hell you have had to walk though this year, but I want to say thank you for not giving up. If you can, please send out a full kickstarter update to give the community hope. You dont have to promise anything, even just copy/pasting your last comment, but please let the world know you are ok. Oh god thanks, i'm happy you updated everyone :D I was looking forward to play this (and i am still!) It promises alot of fun moments, happy this is not dead :P Great to see you back, hope all is well with you now. I'd suggest posting an update on the development blog asap as well, I suspect a lot of backers have been looking there for updates Have you disabled registering on the forums? It keeps telling "The e-mail address you entered is not allowed to be used." no matter what I try. @Bailey How do we get a refund on this? We can still get a refund according to kickstarter Well, looks like an abandoned project, thats sad because the game was promising... kinda feel sad for the 1000$ backer and happy i only backed with the 10$ tier... I've pretty much resigned to the fact that this project is probably dead or almost dead. Oh well, just $10 for me. Dude.. Chris!!! You're facebook profile is gone, no updates on the dev blog, and you just got Greenlit on Steam. Isn't that at least worthy of a Kickstarter status update? Come on buddy, come back to us :-) I was expecting a much much faster development with this game and also when Is the beta coming out for the $10 backers? I'm kind of getting annoyed with this project. According to his twitter there is still something going on: <url>#10 and was curious whether the access date has been changed or if I was missed. Also, I am a $20 backer if that helps/means anything to you. Thanks for your help, can't wait to play this game :). Will the backers be getting an e-mail when the Beta launches? Thanks! :) Will the music be featured in the beta? so here we are april 1st D:, any word on dysis? I'm actually glad you pushed it back. I didn't want to have to postpone playing Starcraft 2 for this. Yea, I would postpone it for Dysis. for a little while :b whens the beta gonna be done? Haven't received my prototype email/key yet. Was a $20 backer. Thanks for your help! Heh, the prototype is fun! To make it work in Linux, under 64-bit Ubuntu 12.04 LTS, I did need to go install the latest drivers for my Intel HD 4000 (Ivy Bridge) GPU. Essentially followed the instructions for getting best results out of Linux's Steam client, as documented here: <url>#10.... so do that mean that i need to wait longer or was their was an issue with the email I don't know if I was supposed to get a key/email w/ instructions yet, but I can report that I did not get one in my email. How would I go about getting the game, now? Chris, for some reason me and my friend keep getting a problem when we try to start up the game, it says windows 7 is an unknown version. what should we do? Wow, super fast response, and informative to boot. Cheers! This may be a dumb question, but I am unsure as to where the non-Desura download is available. It has been referenced several times in Updates and emails, but I am unsure as to where to get it. Any ideas? i got 2x Dysis Prototype and 2x Dysis ... is there any difference? (Pledged 40$) how do we know which gift is linked to which name? Looks like Dysis is on desura now, so we may be getting keys soon! Can't wait! Thanks for keeping us posted Chris. where is it? It,s like the blockiness of Minecraft, first person of mech assault, and an RTS like any RTS. ALL MY FAVORITE GAMES IN ONE!!!!!! :3 Yea,I'm super excited. :D well I hope actually we get the Prototype then really, my brother bugs me nonstop for it. Hopefully Chris releases it 12:01AM on the 31st so i don't have to wake up and wait to play it. Or over sleep and miss playing it :( Because this game is going to be epic? @Calvin Why you keep looking at the page? The prototype should be released on the 31st. *checks dysis* [5 minutes later] *Checks dysis again. RELEASE!!!!! *Rage face* Thank you so much for checking on that for me!!! @Joshua, scroll down some i asked the same question and Chris answered it. @Calvin: It continued on PayPal, where it broke 30K. so 6X :p @Joshua waring 550% :D Congratulations on getting 6x what you asked for. PS I'm running with 5760 * 1080 resolution, will there be support for three screens? :3 Hopefully Thanks a lot for the update, Chris. I'm so glad that we got to 30k, and I can't wait for the prototype to come out! Would getting this on android tablets be possible? If so please do not do a minecraft.... Full game or no game. Somehow I missed the email for the survey and the link doesn't work anymore is there anyway to still do that? Chris... Chris... Chris... Chris... Chris.... Chris: <url>Ü @Calvin soueid a game hub is a sort of community driven page visible in the game's profile in the steam libraries and store. it allows users to posts shots, videos, discuss and other content generation stuff that can help generate buzz or at least show how the game is NOT just a minecraft clone. really really excited!But a simple question. Will you support multiple monitors or very high resolutions? Such as 5760 x 1080 or something smaller. Btw when are the prototypes due? I'm gonna need to decide what 4 names I want in the game.. >.> Have the collection emails been sent out yet? D: @Steve, try using fn + Print screen. :P Steam isn't the limitations of screenies ya' know. ;) Not sure what "Game Hub" is though. Hey Chris, best of luck getting on steam, if you get on steam, can the prototype be distributed through it? if so I can take screenshots and they can be seen on the game hub. That way there are shots out there showing the game off. ah ok.just wondering because you said there would be one right after kickstart is over ;) no worries. i can imagine that there is a lot of stuff to handle right now ^^ keep up the great work.looking really forward for alpha ;) no update ? Hey Chris, I wanted to send this as heads, up, it says 'you selected $20 tier' but I was $35, and I was it before it sold out (unless I could troll BEFORE it sold out). do you have any ideas on an exact release date for the prototype ? cant wiat for the proto, hopefully the 3K wont stop you from making water units ;) hopefully we will make the difference through paypal Congratulations for making the funding goal. If only we had just an extra push XD. A mere 3000 away! Congratz Chris! i cant wait to see this game ready and full and heres a linkl to a funny picture to Celebrate <url>"ending soon" and looked at it,and it reminded me of minecraft but with vehicles and such...and i love it! But my question is for the $20 pledge you get access to the BETA when it comes out,so lets say it comes out December 12th,we get access to it then,and then there is a final game release? @Avarince NP @Chris Farrell will there be different factions? or Techs that can be followed and will there be Uber Powerfull units kida like invicable heros? Thanks for the Linux vote-of-confidence, One Dimension friends! I'll proudly support this platform for that. @Chris Farrell: By the way, per our earlier discussion, I should mention that Desura has a GOG-like mode for downloading installers directly off the website. This DRM-free download mode is available to everyone on each platform, for each game, and is in fact the way that Mac builds are currently supported (their client program has not been ported to Mac yet). Contrary to popular belief, the Desura client is in no way required (just convenient, at least for me). So, it can be a great option, in my opinion! :-) @Patrick Gould thanks for the link on the pa pledged did not even know about this before that.... Do you know the Minimum specifications for my buddy? He wanted this game but didn't think his computer could handle it, and upgrading is out of the option... Chris, do some final incentives, if you give me enough stuff at the right price point, I will upgrade, and so will probably 100 people! Corhen, in this instance Dysis /is/ refering to a Ring World. :) argh, i hate when you refer to the superstrcture as a dysis.. as a larry niven fan i think of it as a ring world! sweet last 48 hours! start posting links to the kickstarter page like crazy! What would be nice is if some one with $10,000 pledged that amount lol If we don't make the last two stretch goals, will you consider adding them later on, perhaps as paid DLC? :D Will Dysis be on Steam? If so, will it have achievements? By the way, the game looks great! Will our name be different from our In-Game name? Looks cool. I would have described it as "Minecraft meets Supreme Commander" @Chris thanks was just making sure for the future Hey, This game looks amazing, i have wanted to play a game like this for years! I could never find one! So I pledged 20$ and can't wait until the Prototype..! Keep up the amazing work! allright another $40 for dysis cant wait to play the prodotype! well we are getting 4 keys i believe and there's only 2 of us so if we give them to other friends that's why i was asking i think you should just double check with your friend ahead of time to avoid anything bad like that happening. thats what i've done Will we be able to change our names later on if we wish. say if we give one of the extra keys to our friend and they dont want the name we picked? hey Chris, since the $35+ tiers were updated so they got more names in the game, would people who pledged to those tiers give you all the names? sorry if that question seems a little stupid This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. in the credits or where we put our name for backers list can we make up a name? @One Dimension Games 1) Out of curiosity is there a date for Beta? 2) Are there designs for the Tshirts out yet? I says we need the attention of some Alpha Nerd, but I really don't know any I could poke this at. :( ive watched couple kickstarters get over 50K in less than 5 days the timber and stone did something crazy like that too, so theres hope :D Awww 5 days to get $10000? Damn naval battles would be cool Hmm.. can we get to belly button warfare? >.> There seems to be only one problem with this game.... And that is I cant play it yet ;). Five days to go and then it will be perfect. Oh and the new gameplay video looks epic! Thanks for giving us that preview. Awesome! Grats all! We made it to 20k :D. We made it! now onto naval! Nice, another stretch goal achieved *pokes Chris a couple times for another update* Entertain us, code monkey! ;) 20,000: ACHIEVED! Been waiting on my pledge just so I could make that roll over. Hi Chris, I'm 11 years old and I'm really looking forward for this game to come out. I'm backing the game by working for my family to earn the cash. When I watched the video, I saw something that I had always been wanting: someone to mix a first person perspective game with overhead mode and the ability to shape landscapes and design a unit. You made my dream come true! Come on people $900 more, We can do it, spread the word, spams your friends emails, facebooks, tweeters, blogs, everything lol get the word out Sorry if these questions have been asked before, but how soon after the Kickstarter is over will we get the prototype, will the prototype be available for Mac, and what are the system requirements for the game? Thanks! comon guys we can do it! lets get our space robots! C'mon asteroid battles and space robots! :) Will we get to go to other planets even if we dont reach the goal? :c Hey, just found this project, and backed immediately. Love everything about it so far. But I was wondering, will there be water in the final game? I'd love a sea battle. In the final game, is the terrain going to be made of cubes or hexagons? I'm seeing both in the videos. D: dont think we will hit 50K at this rate. perhaps lower target? Having Fun...With Portals... Anyways, I think portals would be fun to use, the only way I could see one working is if you put on portal on a hill sloped towards your enemies base, then shoot the other at the ground, fly up with a jet-pack (or whatever) and fall, go though the portal and blast the wall open making you seem invincible... Multi-player Moment! @TSD, maybe not. It could be limited. After all, if only one unit could pass through it at a time, it would create a choke point, where your opponent could line up and just blast everything that came though. Rerouting enemies, to an extent sure.. but only it would just be a so-so quality trap, really. The size and power of the portal would really determine how broken it would be. >.> Now, it would be awesome to open a portal over an enemies base, and the other one next to a lava flow, and rout the lava through the portal.... ;) true enough, although i have thought about it. it would be over powered because it would allow you to basic reroute your enemies or bring your whole army to an enemy base in only a matter of seconds The idea of a device that makes portals is not trademarked or copy-righted although if the same exact model or such were to be used as the one in Portal then it might face a lawsuit by valve although unlikely. i believe that the portal gun is trademarked and copy-righted. but some sort of matter tele gun might be an option? @Josh... mmm Portal Gun in a RTS. @Chris There you go, stretch goal: 'Portal Gun' for the Architect ;) Backed. Looking very promising For some reason the deploy-able gun made me think of Portal as well as supreme commander for the Architect. Keep up the good work and keep rolling, you can get it there (or for fans, we can get it there, wherever there is). There was something else but I don't remember. It's like Lego® Supreme Commander! And are those hex prisms I'm seeing in the terrain? Glad to see those back in there :) Ok thanks im thinking about hosting a dedicated server when dysis is released Chris for the multiplayer part of dysis how will it be set out like will everyone be able to make there own multiplayer server. Btw the update looks nice! Update looks great! I cannot wait to charge into battle as this new architect :D Also, you should let the fans near Atlanta meet you, maybe invite fans to the robot arena cage, battle, discuss, and play some Dysis LAN, that would look good for publicity, plus then I get to fight with giant robots. :) I am totally making a replicator mod from stargate... Deploy-able replicator...Epic! I love it so far, going to try and get a couple more people to get it... You totally need to build one of your physical robots to look like the Architect. ;) Thanks a lot for the update, Chris! It all sounds awesome, and the models looks great. It looks like we're well on our way to 20k. 50k on the other hand... heh, we can hope! I'm sure once more people see how amazing this game looks, we'll get closer to that 50K mark. We can do this Chris =) btw i have to say it very nice that you check the post almost everyday and reply, shows you care about our thoughts and ideas. Agreed, I believe a update is on order Chris, and yes, us fans are this bossy... I think some more quality info, especially more videos, would help to get us clear to the $50k goal. It's within reach, with a decent push. Hey Chris, any word on the next update? >.> Also can't wait for the next update definitely want to see more info and hopefully it will pull in more backers and we'll edge close to that $50,000 mark I have a question will I be able to play in a co-op team of 4(+) both for the campaign and other game modes @TheShadowDoctor I would assume (Chris can correct me if I'm wrong here), that it is because the amount of work going int o creating other planets will be immense. Space Stations and Meteors are both a fairly small bit of land with 1 maybe 2 biomes in them. New planets will have to be massive bits of land with multiple biomes in them, and possibly unique biomes. @Chris: What would the possibilities of, presuming we hit 50K creating a 'conquer the galaxy' mode? ;) this may be a stupid question, if so i am sorry. but why is the travel to other planets goal make $50,000 and the other space related goals much lower? its something i have been wondering for awhile now. Oh and i would like to see this game looks amazing, me and my friends check on the progress daily and are very excited for it. keep up the good work mate =D I predict the story will be.. about a faction who disagrees with another faction to the extent that they must throw endless hoards of robots at eachother to try and best one another, and the mindless robots only exist to serve their masters.... >.> So... Since we reached a new goal, will the next update reward those in the $15-20 level with 2 copies each? I do believe that most of the first backers were at those levels! Just saying I know I have been trolling these comments a lot (I have posted 12 out of 68 figure it out), but I was wondering, what type story line is this going to be based off, because in this day and age, nothing is new, just altered or borrowed. So where does this game borrow or alter in story line? congrats on 15k!!! About to upgrad my pledge from $20 to $30, does that also include the prototype in Dec 2012 or now have to wait until March 2013 to test it out in beta? Also I would like to see some traps to help with defence. Can we build walls and gates out of the terrain? you will probable need enemy units that can build otherwise you can make it above a massive pit of lava and they wont be able to get in your base. So maybe a unit that can deploy into a ramp or build a bridge I have always been a fan of destructible terrain and using this to your strategic advantage. I know that there is terrain editing, but I am more interested in its combat and defence applications. Would you be able to tell us if this will be viable in Dysis? For example, creating a bridge to your base and then blowing up both sides to send any enemy units on it on an unexpected trip in the downwards direction, or create a lake of lava to unleash upon enemies climbing up to reach your base. This is my first time donating to KS. Great video Chris! I've been looking for a game that combine both RTS & FPS. I was thinking like Command and Conquer stile, but i really like this! I was thinking like C&C Generals, being able to play as the Commando player and rank up to add upgrades or heal faster. If that character dies, has to be rebuilt, as only one Commando unit is available at a time. Any chance of a rank system to make units you play as stronger? Special units just for FPS? I'm sure you already have a lot of amazing ideas planned for this game and i am super excited to play this once down the road. Keep up the great work and i might even increase my pledge. 4 copies of beta instead one 1, with free updates for life is pretty hard to pass up! And would love to see how big this game can get! Jumping planets would be pretty sweet! Would there be a mobile version? i'm looking at getting the galaxy note 2 that sports 2gig ram and a quad core cpu. its faster than my college laptop! ha, would love to play this on it! like a minecraft style of setup? can't wait to see the next update! stay passionate about the game and don't rush it! LOL My only recommendation to Chris (Chris, I KNOW your reading this), is to do the one thing notch didn't do. Add a story line more then, here are you, here are your enemies, defeat them! Like add a full on campaign at 40K or something along those lines. Makes perfect sense, I mean ask me about what I loved most about 95% of my favorite games, it is the story line. Seeing as we're 11 days in, already at 260% (ish) of the goal.. I'd say that the goal is already pretty well blown out of the water. This is just the initial slump that always happens with a KS. Over the next two weeks funding will trickle in, and then as the last week hits and the game starts coming to a close we'll see a bit of a surge. (most likely) Of course, that's assuming things progress 'normally' without any major events taking place.. :) Guys, call together the power of the SOCIAL NETWORKS!!!! We must blow his (Chris's) goal out of the water!!!! And Kickstarter is not responsible for the project creators to deliver. So you can think of "supporting" a great idea instead of pre-ordering or purchasing something as you can never be 100% sure that a project actually succeeds even if it raised a lot of money. Don't get me wrong - most projects finish or ship sooner or later but it can just as well happen to be a scam or a project that just didn't go as planned. Limfa0, as this is your first backing on Kickstarter, welcome! KS isn't quite a standard "buying" something. The closest way to explain it is it's like a pre-order.. but not even quite that. If you were to make a triangle, the points being 'pre-order' 'investment' and 'charity' KS pledges would be right smack in the center of said triangle. With all projects, the creator needs time to finish them after funding goes though. On November 4th, when this KS ends, there will be about 2 weeks or so until all that money goes to Chris (the creator)- at which point he can start using it to go towards some of the things he needs to put Dysis in gear. His present timeline from there is to have the Prototype/Alpha Release ready by sometime in December, and the Beta release by sometime in March. That's the commitment he has made to his backers, which is effectively entering in to a contract with each backer that their pledge reward shall be delivered by X date. So, they could release earlier. There could also be unforeseen delays, leading to later releases of Alpha and/or Beta. If that were to happen, there are certain courses of actions backers could take.. but it's rather unlikely they would. aw, i thought i would get the game in 20 days like it says to the right. thats too bad i want it now :P cool game btw, i hope it will be a starcraft 2 like game :D Limfa0, with 10 dollars you get the beta, which will get released some when in march or later. For 20 you get the prototype (some kind of pre-alpha) and the beta. that can be downloaded in December. I'm really looking forward to this game and hope and think he game is going to be a huge success. Hello! i pledged 10$, am i going to get the game at 4th november? or can i get it now? it looks so cool, GOOD JOB BUDDY! <3 Will we see another update? I want the people from Black-Space to come over here! all 3,887 (not counting me). Also Chris, ever need any help...I can program... My prediction is this will end around 30-35K- unless it gets the attention of some major alpha nerd like Notch or Gabe and Tycho.. then sky's the limit. Wow got pass the 10k goal I am really sure you will get to 20k goal. not soure 'bout 50k goal its pretty far but I have high hopes for you guys. Keep it up good job! Also, is there going to be a campaign with a heavy story line? Also, what games do you play Chris and do you have a Steam Account?! I'm curious. Even with the voxel based environments, will there still be free-flowing materials, such as water and lava? If so, will they work in a similar fashion to the same type of materials in games such as Minecraft, or will they function entirely differently? In that regard, could they be used against your enemies, like tunneling lava and releasing it into an enemy stronghold? This game looks like a lot of fun, you've definitely got my support. I'm with Josiah, underground combat sounds awesome, so does bombing your opponent from underground. With the Space station goal met, will there be space combat? Or launching attacks down from space stations? Orbital bombardments? :D The potential here is nearly limitless, I am extremely excited to see where you take it. I got 2 questions from mmo-champion.com forum: 1. Why should a player use FPS mode when he can do everything in RTS mode? Is there any advantage of going to FPS? 2. What do you have planned for multyplayer? @Sam, I'm sure Chris will answer this better than I do at some point.. however in an interview (I would link it but I don't remember where it was now), Chris said that the engine has a pretty much limitless playing field and that he has actually worked with an infinite terrain generation system within it. So it's not so much engine support as making sure it doesn't murder machines from too many items. :) I am wondering about the scale of this game, how big of a playing field does your engine support? I am very interested in underground. I am also interested in tunneling under my opponents base and planting a bomb that will cause a massive sink-hole in the middle of their base, 'cause that would be awesome.. Can we do that? ;) I am not interested in space but the underground is more interesting to me. I think we will see it make it to 15k or more :) Whooo! Space stations! and first goal met! So close to the first goal! Best of luck to ya man, this looks to be an interesting concept! <url>"Infinite terrain spawn" system you're working on. Have you considered utilizing this (perhaps in an update to the game later) to create a 'persistent world' model game? You keep taking out threats and expanding your base/building new bases and exploring the massive world.. Kinda like Minecraft, I suppose.. only with an army of robots (and robots make everything better) Is there's a planned hardcap on units? Is there a planned cap on number of buildings, or number of a specific type of buildings? Love what you're doing here! My main question is do you intend on including basic fluid simulation? even something minecraft-level of simplicity would be awesome. Also, will there be mining for resources? So would it be accurate to tell my friends that this game is "a freaky love child of Minecraft and Supreme Commander"? This game is decidedly nifty looking. I want the robot though. How can I obtain $10,000? >.> Yeah I agree that some informations about possible APIs and modding capabilities would be great. Especially since you are writing the core of Dysis in Java ;) Hey Chris, I'd recommend you put something in the original description about modding capabilities. I'm really glad that you're going to have them, and I think other people would be as well - perhaps enough to sway them to back. Modding capabilities definitely seem to be really enticing to gamers in the recent years. On a different note, I gave you a shout out on my website: <url>