Thank you Kickstarter! After an incredible 30 days, the Electric Objects Kickstarter campaign has come to an end. We laughed, we cried, we stayed up all night, and we're so excited to bring EO1 into the world, and onto your walls. This is just the beginning for us, and we hope you'll continue to follow along. We'll be in touch with updates on our development process, and look forward to your regular feedback. Missed the campaign? You can now pre-order EO1 at electricobjects.com! There's more art on the Internet than in every gallery and museum on Earth. But many of these beautiful objects are trapped. They’re trapped inside of devices like our phones, our tablets, our TVs, our laptops — devices designed for distraction, living between texts, tweets, football games and emails from work. So we wanted to make a new way to bring art from the Internet into your home. Introducing EO1, a computer designed to bring the beauty of the Internet into your home. Designed to Fade Away EO1 is designed to fade into the background, like a photograph or painting. It becomes a part of your home, affording you the chance to enjoy the Internet at a slower, more considered pace. No keyboard. No mouse. No alerts, avatars, slideshows, feeds or docks. Matte finish, minimal brightness. One single, beautiful cord (like your Macbook Pro). Easily wall-mounted (or set on a stand, sold separately). Easy setup. Instantly connected to your account via WiFi. Energy efficient. Consumes about as much energy as an average lightbulb. Support for WebGL, Processing, animated GIFs, and most major Javascript drawing libraries. "It’s the only screen I own that doesn’t make me itch for something new just for the sake of seeing something new" Wired – “And if people are willing to buy stand-alone gadgets to play music, monitor their health and help manage their homes, why not purchase one for culture and art?” The New York Times – "Electric Objects (or, EO) may be the technology that sparks a paradigm shift regarding how we preserve, share, and even purchase digital art" The Creators Project Change your artwork as often as you want right from your phone. Our web and mobile applications make it easy to discover, share, and display beautiful objects from around the Internet. Available at launch for iOS and Android, control what appears on your display using our native applications. Explore and display thousands of objects, including original artwork, or upload your own. Discover new art from our diverse community of artists, designers, developers and photographers, or upload your own. Over the past 20 years a new generation of artists and technologists have engaged with the Internet as a medium for creative expression, creating visual work that pushes the edge of culture and technology. We're working with museums, libraries, and other organizations to bring the best of their collections from the Internet into your home. Featured Partners: New York Public Library, The Boston Globe, Behance, Giphy, Musuem Of The Moving Image, Digg, to.be Featured Artists: Nicolas Sassoon, Casey Reas, Sara Ludy, Yoshi Sodeoka, Pasquale D’Silva, Erica Gorochow, Patrick Moberg Artist in Residence Program: We are working closely with artists and developers to create original works of art for Electric Objects. Participating artists receive a stipend and an early prototype, and collaborate with our development team throughout their residency. The purpose of the program is to support artists and foster creative expression for this new kind of computer, and to incorporate their feedback into our development process. Developer SDK: EO1 features a custom browser running both WebKit and Gecko rendering engines to maximize graphics performance. Over the next few months, we will be releasing early versions of our SDK, and working with developers to explore a range of use cases enabled by the Electric Objects platform. Development, testing, production and shipping should take 9 months. (Or get it 4 months early by participating in our Beta Tester program.) Our calendar leaves generous room for error, so we don’t expect it to take any longer than this. In August of last year, we set up the first of 100 prototypes (EO0) that are now in the homes of testers all over the world. Our early testing gave us the confidence we needed to take this project to the next phase. Over the last 9 months, we've been working to develop the EO1 operating system, supporting applications, and industrial design. We evaluated many different options for frame material and frame design, cord material, paint and finish, before landing on the final designs for EO1. We've worked closely with artists to define the technical constraints of the operating system, and built a community of early users around a common passion: discovering and enjoying beautiful works of art from the Internet. You can read more about our story here. Special Thanks There are too many wonderful people to thank, but we'd like to start with our family and friends, without whose encouragement this little art project would not be happening. To name a few: Nick Dangerfield, John Borthwick, Marc Cenedella, Kevin Slavin, Nick Chirls, Alex Lines, Alex Rosen, Josh Stylman, Adam Ludwin, Jon Lax, Startup Giraffe, Marc Barros, Idan Cohen, Tyler Mincey, Carl Goodman, Allan Yu, Ronen V, Pasquale D’Silva, Justin Ouellette. Video Production: Saint Cloud Original score: Adam Schoenberg Cast: Lauren Leto, Mike Beck and Chelsa Crowley Hello! First of all, we’d like to say thank you. You were the first to put your faith in a new way to discover, enjoy, and engage with art in our homes. You helped us build a community that is now thousands strong, representing artists and art fans in over 30 countries. You’ve shared over 30,000 artworks, created over 5,000 playlists, and explored new works from 200 artists made specifically for the platform. Today, the EO platform is evolving to make the experience of discovering art simpler, more human, and more personal. With an all-new discovery service, and major upgrades to our software and hardware, there has never been a better way to bring art into your home. Meet EO2 Art looks beautiful on EO2. It’s the best display we’ve ever built. It picks up right where EO1 left off, with hardware and design improvements at every turn. What’s different? At less than 1” thick, it’s 50% thinner than EO1 Sleek anodized aluminum finish Make EO2 your own with maple, walnut, black or white hardwood frames Twice as fast, thanks to a zippy 5GHz WiFi antenna Welcome to Art Club Art Club is a new service designed to fuel your curiosity—think of it as your personal curator. The subscription includes access to: Classics from the world’s greatest museums Contemporary art made specifically for Electric Objects Collections curated by EO and our partners. As one of our earliest supporters, you’ll get an entire year of the new subscription completely free. A $120 value, no action required. We think EO2 and Art Club are the best way to discover and enjoy art in your home. We can’t thank you enough for your support, your enthusiasm, and your consistent evangelism. We’re so glad to have you as part of the EO community, and we hope you’ll continue on this journey with us! Thanks, Jake We’re delighted to announce that starting today you can buy EO1, and bring 10,000+ works of art into your home, for just $299 . Access to the world’s great art shouldn’t be limited to the lucky few who can afford to attend art fairs where price point start at about $1,000. At Electric Objects, our mission is to use today’s technology to bring the world’s greatest art into every home. An important part of this mission is a commitment to creating an accessible and affordable experience. With that in mind, and after months of supply chain and manufacturing improvements, we’re pleased to offer the same great product that thousands have come to love, at a new low price of $299 . Have questions or feedback? Email us at <email>. We'd love to hear from you. - The Electric Objects Team This December we’re bringing to New York City the first incarnation of the Electric Objects Showroom , a space in the heart of Soho dedicated to showcasing new works from an amazing group of artists. The Electric Objects Showroom will include collections from artists like Björk, Ai Weiwei, Zach Gage, YACHT, Sabrina Ratte, and lots of others. Electric Objects Showroom Opening Reception: Friday, December 11, 2015 6:30 - 9:00PM 72 Spring St. NY, NY RSVP Here It will be a great opportunity to check out new works of digital art, experience the EO1 for yourself, and — should you be so inclined — bring some digital art home. Visitors to the Showroom will also get exclusive access to a limited edition handmade wooden frame for EO1. And while you’re hanging out downtown, be sure to check out Electric Objects at the New Museum Store , where EO1 will be installed in the window display through the New Year. Hello! Today we’re pleased to introduce Electric Objects 2.0 , the first major update to our iOS and Android applications. This release includes a ton of speed and design improvements, but the biggest and most important change is that you can now follow other people in the Electric Objects community, and see the art that they’re displaying in their homes right now. Read more about the thinking behind the release on our blog . These past few months, most of our product developments efforts have been behind the scenes, and thanks to the hard work of Kyri, Greg, Lisa and Rob, the Electric Objects experience is about 5x faster than it was at launch. This is our first major feature release, and the first of two big changes that we have planned for the holiday season. We'll be back soon with more new features to share! We hope you enjoy it. Hit us up any time with thoughts, suggestions, or just say to hi at <email>. Thanks, Team Electric Objects p.s. If you'd rather not let other people follow you, you can set your account to Private in Settings. Hi Everyone! We couldn't be happier to report that the very last EO1s for Kickstarter backers are out the door and on their way! As thousands of EO1s come online all over the world, it has been thrilling to hear all of your stories and feedback . This feels like an important milestone for Electric Objects. We came to you with a dream for a new way to experience computing, one that lived up to the enormous creative potential of the web. You took a real chance on us, put real money on the line, and helped support us in countless other tangible and intangible ways. This past year we brought together a team of people who care deeply about the project, and partnered with artists and organizations who believe that art and computing can make our lives richer. It's an emotional moment for the team here at Electric Objects. In some ways it feels like the end, but in more ways it feels like just the beginning. The beginning of a long slow journey to fill our homes, our walls, and the world with digital art. &lt;3 Team Electric Objects Jake, Zoë, Bill, Luke, Greg, Lisa, Rob, Kyri, Alex and Emily. p.s. Everyone should have received a shipment notification by now. If you haven't a) you will get it very soon or b) you still owe us your shipping address. Email us at <email> with any questions. Electric Objects began as an experiment in computing, a screen dedicated to displaying art from the Internet in the home. We asked: can we build a computer that doesn’t demand our attention? Can we build an operating system whose software doesn’t crave every iota of our brain-space? Can we build an experience that fits the most precious and personal space in our lives, a space that we define in order to better define ourselves. It was late 2013 that we first wrote down these questions (though we were by no means the first to do so), and a little over a year ago that we made public the product we had built in attempt to answer them. And it was thanks to you all that we were able to bring that product into the world. One by Rick Silva, from Oregon Oriented Ontology . The last year has been nothing short of remarkable. Electric Objects was met with a fervor, for the product yes, but also for the movement that it seemed to represent: the idea that we aren’t done discovering what computers can add to our lives, that we’ve only just scratched the surface of what computing can offer, that we can build machines that fit the human environment. But Electric Objects has never really been all about hardware. It’s a community of like-minded artists, organizations, and art fans coming together in celebration of Internet culture. Those of us who believe there’s another way to enjoy the Internet, one worthy of the walls in our home. Today, with the release of Art Club, we’re making that clear. Learn more about Art Club, and check out the collections here! And for those interested in the latest shipment update, check out Tuesday's update here . Hi All — A few backers have asked for a quick update on shipping progress. Our factory is now working Monday through Saturday, producing 500 EO1s per week. 2-3 days after production they arrive at our fulfillment center in California for shipment out to Kickstarter backers. As of yesterday, we have about 1,000 more EO1s to ship to Kickstarter backers. We're aiming to wrap production by the end of next week. From there it'll take a few more days to fulfill the last batch of backer rewards. We're super excited to see EO1 arrive in the homes of backers all over the world, and we really appreciate the patience from those of you who have yet to receive yours. We're almost there! Thanks for all the kind words in the comments and on the Twitters. Please send more photos of your EO1s up and running! We love seeing them. And don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email>. Jake Hey Everyone, Thanks for your patience these last couple of weeks. We wanted to provide a quick update on our production and shipping timeline. We shipped the first few hundred EO1s, then ran into some issues with inventory. Some of the plastics and PCBs did not meet our specifications when they arrived at our factory for assembly, so we've spent the last week going back and forth with our suppliers getting them to commit to a schedule for replacement components. The delay was unfortunate, but we have no tolerance for anything but a pristine product experience, and we’re confident that our high expectations will pay off the moment you unbox your EO1. The good news is that we are now back up and running. Special thanks to the heroic efforts of Bill, Kyri, and Kevin, who have spent their days and nights down in the factory in Mexico getting us back on track. We have final confirmation on timing from our suppliers, so I can provide you with an updated shipping calendar. Starting next week, 500 EO1s will ship each week, with the last batch going out the first week of August. You'll receive a shipment notification with tracking information when your EO1 ships. As always, don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions. We can't wait for all of your EO1s to arrive. It's so exciting to see new people come into the community every day. We also have some exciting news to share in the next week or two, so stay tuned. We’re eager to hear your feedback on the Electric Objects experience. When your EO1 arrives, let us know what you think in the comments, or via email at <email>! Best, Jake, Kyri, Bill, Zoë, Kevin, Lisa, Rob, Alex, Greg, Saarim, and Luke Hi Everyone, We're happy to report that shipping notifications have gone out to the first batch of Kickstarter backers! Our factory is ramping up to a solid pace of 500 units per week, and we expect to complete shipping within the next 5 weeks. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 has shipped. --- Visit us in Brooklyn for a Private Preview! Next week, we're showing off EO1 and premiering the work from our latest Kickstarter campaign, The $5 Commission in Brooklyn! If you're in the area, we hope you can join us for this special private preview. The $5 Commission features new and original work from Addie Wagenknecht, Casey Reas, James George, and Lauren McCarthy. The details: Tuesday, June 16th 6:30-9:00pm Kickstarter HQ @ 58 Kent St in Brooklyn, NY (between Franklin &amp; West streets) Space is limited, so please RSVP --- From the Factory Floor We thought we'd also use this opportunity to share some photos from the factory floor. Yesterday we visited our friends at Refactory in Brooklyn, who are manufacturing our ambient light sensors and capacitive touch buttons. They work out of an old factory in Gowanus, and we're so thrilled to be able to work with a team this good (and this nearby). Here's how are ambient light sensor PCBs (printed circuit boards) arrive from the PCB manufacturer in Asia. They arrive on groups of 10 boards: Each group is then passed through a "pick and place" machine, that rapidly places the required components on each board: The boards then go through a long oven (maybe 15-20 feet long), where the components are sealed to the board. They come out the other side, with all the required components, ready to be shipped to our integrator in Mexico: Speaking of our integrator, Bill and Kyri were down in Mexico for most of last week overseeing our assembly process. Here's how the metals and computer get attached to the display: The EO1 wall mount with accompanying screws and (critically) stickers: EO1 at the tail end of assembly, in final cleaning: We couldn't be more excited to get EO1 into your hands. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 has shipped. As always, please get in touch with any questions at <email>. Jake Quick update from the front lines: The final component for EO1 (the computers that power EO1) are being produced in Arizona as we speak! Bill, Kyri, and I are flying out to Mexico on Monday to kick off assembly, and are planning to ship our first batch of EO1s to customers early the following week. We'll scale up to 500 EO1s per week by June 15th, and ship out each batch on a weekly basis. Read our prior post for more detail on the manufacturing process. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 ships. Thanks as always for your patience. We can't wait for you to experience Electric Objects! As always, don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email> . Jake Hello Backers! tl;dr — We're happy to report that production and shipping will kick off in the last week of May! It will take 4-6 weeks to assemble and ship thousands of EO1s to all of you. You'll receive an email with tracking information when your EO1 ships! We'll keep you updated as we go, and as always, reach out at any time with questions to <email>. For those of you interested in learning a bit more about our production process, read on! Bill (who leads hardware here at Electric Objects) has returned victorious from his most recent trip to Shenzen, China, working closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure that our plastics and metals are up to our standards. Here's a shot of the 800-ton injection molding machine that forms the main housing for EO1: This video shows the progressive metal stamping operation for the EMI shield that houses the main computer inside EO1: Shipping thousands of EO1s all over the world is no easy feat, but after our successful Beta run , we feel confident in our ability to pull it off in a timely manner, with few surprises. At the risk of TMI , here's a quick overview of what the next few weeks look like for us, and a status update down to the component level. Steps to Production 1. Build components 2. Ship components to integrator in Mexico 3. Assemble components into finished EO1s (200 units / day) 4. Send EO1s to fulfillment house 5. Ship EO1s to you! The Major Components The Screen: Our lovely high definition panels have already arrived at our integrator in Mexico. The Computer: Production is underway for our PCBs (the computer that powers EO1), which will be in Mexico by the third week in May. They're made in Arizona, so they don't have far to go. Plastics and Metals: Our plastics and metals are arriving in waves. They're big and heavy, and should really be sent from Asia on a boat, which takes about a month. We're making an exception and sending some of these from Asia via airplane (much more expensive, but faster), so we can begin production as soon as possible. Shipment Schedule Bill, Kyri, and I will be heading to Mexico to oversee production in the third week of May, and we'll begin shipping the week following. Assembling and shipping thousands of EO1s will take approximately 4-6 weeks. You'll receive an email with tracking information when your EO1 ships! We'll keep you updated as we go, and as always, reach out at any time with questions to <email>. Jake, Zoë, Bill, Luke, Kyri, Lisa, Rob and Alex At the launch of the Kickstarter campaign, we teamed up with Brooklyn-based woodworker Annie Raso to produce a handmade wooden frame for EO1. (The first 50 frames sold out in minutes, so we quickly went back to Annie to try and convince her to make more!) Annie is a super talented artist, and we’re so lucky that she agreed to be a part of the campaign. As Annie nears the end of her build, we thought it might be interesting to share a bit about how the frames are made. Learn more about Annie's process, in her own words, below! I am a Brooklyn-based freelance artist and woodworker who was introduced to the Electric Objects team through mutual friends. I don’t normally do large-scale production work and was about to turn down this job, but I changed my mind after learning more about Electric Objects’ mission and product. This is a product that can revolutionize the way we interact with art and the internet, and they were asking me to frame it. I thought ‘a frame, with no glass or hardware? Sounds easy!’, but the process of creating custom frames for EO1 was much more complicated than I had anticipated. The journey has been exciting, nerve-wracking and a great learning experience all in one. The challenge was to craft a frame with a moulding profile that fit like a glove on the edge of EO1. It took months of planning and design work on both sides. Building 150 wooden frames from scratch meant making a large wood purchase, so I prototyped, checked and re-checked the dimensions, materials and tolerances before jumping in. I worked closely with Bill Cowles from Electric Objects to create the moulding profile, and together we designed a system for connecting the frame to the screen. In the end, we decided to use the magnets embedded in the screen border of the EO1 to fasten the frame to the device. We added thin steel plates to the inside of the frame, so it just snaps on and holds tight. No hardware, knobs, straps, or messing with the components. Just pop it on or off: clean and easy. In late March of 2015, 1,200 linear feet of custom cut black walnut moulding was delivered to my shop in Bushwick, Brooklyn. Sustainability is an important aspect of my work, and so much of the wood came from saved cut-off pieces from previous jobs from a millwork company. Although these look like simple frames — just 4 pieces of wood joined together, building them is an incredibly complex process. All told to produce 150 frames, it took 1,200 miters (45 degree cuts), 1,800 maple corner splines (the contrasting pieces of wood in the corners), and 450 sanding passes (3 per frame). At just over 3 weeks into the build, I am finally heading into the final step, and am ready to start sanding and finishing them with satin lacquer. Each one is unique and has interesting grain characteristics, which I hope you will enjoy as a warm compliment to your new EO1. The team at Electric Objects was kind enough to provide me with a shell of the EO1, so I could test every single frame to make sure it fit right, as quality and functionality are my top priorities. I hope you enjoy the photos of my process — it’s been a fun journey so far, and I’m so excited to see these beautiful frames in your home! We couldn’t be happier with the final product. For more, you can follow Annie on Instagram @annieraso to see the latest updates and photos of the frame-making process. We're pleased to announce our return to Kickstarter. We're partnering with four talented artists — Addie Wagenknecht, Casey Reas, James George, and Lauren McCarthy — to put together an art show about you! One pledge of just $5 gets you four works of art, each produced with your data. The show will be made available online and in your EO1 when it ships in May. The campaign will be live for just four days, so back it now to get in! The first EO1s have left the factory, and have arrived in our Beta backers' homes! While you patiently await your EO1, we wanted to offer you a glimpse of the experience, courtesy of your fellow Beta backers. First, the unboxing: (Check out this fantastic video by Jono Brandel, who recorded his unboxing!) Beta backer Tarwin Stroh-Spijer shows off one of Dina Kelberman's Nests in his apartment in California (we love this unique marble fireplace cover): Rich Greenfield shows off his EO1 Beta from New York City: Here's Danielle Strle's EO1 Beta, hanging in her (quite magical) home: Chris Fralic installed his EO1 Beta in what appears to be some kind of computer history museum. We're humbled by the company of our new friends. Our friends at Union Square Ventures showed off an original work, One by Rick Silva: And last but not least, from Graham Hicks, EO1 Beta next to a large piece of plastic toast in a bell jar. (We got the full story from Graham via Instagram: the toast comes from the restaurant supply district in Tokyo!) It's been so cool to get a glimpse inside of these (extremely well designed) homes — to see EO1, and the art made for it, make its way seamlessly onto the shelves and walls of over 100 Beta testers. Our Beta users are providing super helpful feedback, and we're working closely with them to make sure the experience is thoughtful and magical when it arrives on your doorsteps in a couple of months. EO1 Beta was built with the same supply chain and manufacturing partners as the "production" EO1s that will ship to the rest of our Kickstarter backers. We learned a lot from this first production run, and we remain confident in our plans to kick off shipping in May. Back next week with some exciting news... stay tuned! Jake p.s. For more shots of EO1 Beta in the wild, follow us on Instagram . Thanks to everyone who came to Ace Hotel New York last week for the opening reception of EO1 Beta Showcase ! It was awesome to meet more backers and to celebrate the first pieces of original work for Electric Objects. For the launch of EO1 Beta, we organized an exhibition featuring three new series of original artwork by a fantastic group of artists including David DeSandro , Dina Kelberman and Rick Silva . Ranging from David’s halftone portraits made with code, to Dina’s ever-so-slowly animated digital sculptures, to Rick’s high def computer generated 3D images, each series demonstrates what original art on EO1 can really do. And this is just the beginning. We’re working closely with artists to expand software support and improve performance, and we’re building out documentation for those those of you interested in making art for EO1. Keep an eye out for these updates in the near future. And don’t fret if you didn’t get the chance to come by for the opening reception. EO1 Beta Showcase is on view 24/7 in the lobby gallery at Ace Hotel New York for the whole month of March! If you’re in the area we hope you’ll stop by to check it out! Cheers, Zoë We're happy to announce that EO1 Beta will make its first public debut at the Ace Hotel New York on March 5th, and you're invited! For the month of March, Electric Objects is taking over the gallery space in the lobby of the Ace Hotel New York to show off EO1 Beta with some of the first original digital art created specifically for the EO platform. The show includes work by some of our favorite artists like David DeSandro , Dina Kelberman , and Rick Silva . If you're in town, please join us for the opening reception on March 5th at 6pm. RSVP now because space is limited! Jake and Zoë Hello backers! We’re back in NYC after a week with our assembly factory in Mexico, and I’m happy to report that we’ve started rolling out EO1 Beta to our first batch of Beta backers! The First EO1 Beta Ramping Up Assembly EO1 is made up of over 50 individual components — some custom, some “off-the-shelf” — and after months of development and planning, on Monday of this week every component had finally arrived at our integrator's facility in Mexico. In other words, we finally had everything we need to build the first EO1 Beta. On Tuesday we crossed the border by car and drove down to the facility that would be responsible for assembling EO1 Beta. Together with the factory owner and her core team of engineers, Bill, our Director of Hardware, assembled the first unit. He talked through each step, pausing to indicate the more challenging areas of assembly, and where test procedures should take place. Meanwhile, Kyri, our VP of Engineering, spent time with the software engineers, building a system that would ultimately allow them to load our custom operating system onto EO1 Beta at a rate of hundreds per week. The goal here is simple: build a repeatable and scalable process for assembling, testing, and shipping EO1 Beta to our Beta backers. Unboxing The First EO1 Beta Just this morning, our very first EO1 arrived at the office of our very first Beta backer. The team stopped by to study the first unboxing and setup experience. In the coming weeks, the remaining Beta backers will receive EO1 Beta. We'll keep you up to date on our progress as we continue to roll out batches of Beta units. Beta backers can expect to receive tracking information as their EO1 Beta ships. Thanks as always for your feedback, support, and patience! Don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email> . Jake Our goal for Electric Objects, as a platform, is to enable a sustainable ecosystem that connects artists and developers with their fans, and that supports the creation of new work. That means fostering a culture and a community where collecting art and supporting art making in a digital environment feels natural. Last Saturday, we invited a handful of friends and artists to Electric Objects HQ in Manhattan. We talked hardware and software development, and debuted some early designs for our first exhibition and sale of original artwork. Most of the attendees are actively developing for the EO Platform, so it was a great opportunity to gather feedback on their experience so far, and their hopes for the future. The brunch kicked off with Kyri Sarantakos, our VP of Engineering, who provided a fantastic overview of our hardware and software platform — our custom computer and custom Android operating system. He and Lisa Neigut (a recent addition to the engineering team!) have spent the last few months wrestling Android into submission, and we’re starting to see orders of magnitude performance improvements in GIF and web-based artworks. He gave a glimpse into our progress to date, and shared our roadmap between now and when we ship to thousands of Kickstarter backers in May. Luke Chamberlin, our lead designer, and I then turned the group’s attention to some early designs for our store, where artists will exhibit and sell their work. We’re launching our first group show in February, for our 100 Beta backers, and this was a perfect moment to capture feedback from some of the artists participating. Feedback was wide-ranging, but some common themes and questions emerged. How can a work of art be seen as an opportunity for connection between fans and artists? How do you craft a story around a work of art — using design, images and text — that promotes that connection? We walked away with more questions than answers, but also a sense that we're heading in the right direction. It was a super rewarding afternoon, and we want to thank all of the artists, developers, and friends that came by to offer their feedback and advice. We’ll be back with an update on our Beta shipments soon! Zoë p.s. If you're an artist or developer, and interested in experimenting with the EO platform, send us your ideas to <email>. Hello Backers! Happy new year! We hope everyone had a great holiday season. We continue to make great progress towards EO1 production, and we remain on track to ship in May. Here's a quick update on Bill's visit to China, the arrival of our first set of samples in NYC, and our plans for the coming weeks! Bill’s Trip To China EO1 is made up of over 50 distinct components. Some are large (the display panel) and some are small (an 1/8" screw). Some components we designed ourselves (our main plastic housing) and some are “off the shelf” (our WiFi and Bluetooth antenna). The “off the shelf” components are sourced and purchased, and the custom components are developed in partnership with contract manufacturers (CMs). Our CM partners and vendors are spread out all over the world — from New Jersey to Arizona, Korea and China. Some of our most critical components, including the main plastic housing and metals, will be manufactured in Shenzen, China, where Bill spent the first week of 2015. Bill’s visit coincided with the production of the first round of samples. His job was to review and provide feedback on these sample parts, so that the CM could make any necessary changes to the mold or manufacturing process to improve their quality. There are always small tweaks to be made, but our hope was that any changes would be minimal, since any major re-working would threaten to impact our delivery schedule. At the end of a long week, and after 26 hours of travel, we were happy to hear some excellent news: the samples looked good! The tool that produced our first set of samples for the main plastic housing is above. If you look closely, you’ll notice the shape of the back of EO1. The Samples Arrive in NYC And just this morning, the second set of plastics samples arrived to our offices in NYC. We continue to be impressed by the work from our plastics and metals CM. They’ve incorporated Bill’s feedback from the last round of samples, and the plastics look gorgeous. They’re 10% glass, with a “soft touch finish” that gives them a really hefty, meaningful look and feel. This afternoon, Bill is going to assemble the very first, almost finished, EO1! So What’s Next? In the next few weeks, we’ll begin shipping EO1 Beta to our Beta backers. This is truly a Beta, in the sense that we’re testing our production, assembly, and fulfillment processes as much as the product itself. With that in mind, here’s the plan for the next few weeks: Custom boards (the computers) for EO1 Beta begin to arrive at our integration facility in Arizona on January 21st Plastics, metals, and packaging for EO1 Beta begin to arrive at our integration facility in Arizona on January 23rd Bill, Jacob, Kyri and I fly out to Arizona to work closely with our board CM and integrator CM Kyri and Jacob work with our integrators to design a system for uploading the latest version of our Operating System, and for serializing each device (so we know which computer belongs to which finished unit belongs to which customer) We assemble the first set of EO1 Beta units alongside our integrator, and document the process so that they can do it without us when we leave We package, print labels, affix labels, and ship the first 100 units to our Beta backers! Beta backers: we'll be in touch shortly with delivery details! Thanks for reading, and for your patience and support. As always, get in touch with any questions (or virtual fist bumps) at <email>. Jake Just a quick note from your friends at Electric Objects, wishing you a happy holiday season and New Year! In 2014: We launched a Kickstarter campaign that raised nearly $800,000, with the help of 2,246 backers from 43 countries . We partnered with the New York Public Library , to help breathe new life into their fantastic collection of historical maps and atlases. We grew from 1 person to a team of 9 talented engineers, designers, and curators. We partnered with over 30 amazing artists , who are producing original works of art for your home. We wrote 18 Kickstarter updates, walking you through our production timeline , sharing a bit about our manufacturing process , and talking with MIT Media Lab's Kevin Slavin about art, time, and the Internet . We were named to Time Magazine's 25 Best Inventions of 2014 . --- As we begin planning for 2015 and beyond, it has been helpful for us to return to our founding principles, the original intent behind the project: to build a device that lives up to the enormous creative potential of the Internet, that provides for a more contemplative computing experience. In 2015, Electric Objects will bring art from the Internet into thousands of homes all over the world. Thanks for helping us make that happen. See you in 2015! Jake + Team In our last manufacturing update, we talked about identifying partners who would help us design and manufacture the more than 50 individual components that make up EO1. I asked Bill to give us a more in depth look into what happens after that partner has been selected. What happens between 3D model and mass production? Jake -------- From Bill: A few weeks ago we started working with a plastics and metals manufacturer that will produce some of our key components in mass production (like the frame). Once selected, we quickly kicked off a process to reach a Design for Manufacturing (“DFM”), converting our mechanical drawings into designs ready for mass production. Getting to a DFM means working closely with our partners to refine their designs for “tooling”. Tooling is an expensive and critical part of the production process. It literally means creating a tool that will be used to produce, in large and consistent quantities, the components that make up EO1. We kick off the DFM process by sending 3D files of our parts to our manufacturing partner. Using these files, the partner then generates an initial Design for Manufacturing report. The report helps us evaluate how a part will perform while it’s being made. Every part of the product gets its own DFM, and every part is subject to a thorough review process. Together with our manufacturing partner, we revise the DFM with an eye to minimizing any artifacts of manufacturing that might be visible to our customers. We do our best to reduce the remnants of gate marks, ejector pins, and flash and witness lines. If you’ve ever seen a little plastic nub, or little useless raised lines of plastic, on the edge of a cheap plastic part, you know what we’re talking about. We’re also looking at how the parts are being cooled. We optimize the cooling process of the plastic, so that the part is cooled evenly, avoiding problems that could result in an inconsistent shape. Lastly, we’re interested in determining how many parts can this tool make “per shot.” Every time plastic is pressed into the tool, how many parts can we reliably produce? For example, every “shot” into this tool below will produce 4 power buttons for EO1 (the little bright green things in the center): And the image below shows a 3D representation of the tool that will be used to make our frame (it's 3 feet long)! We’re excited to share that these tools are being produced now, and we're on track to kick off the first production runs in January! Bill Will you be in Miami this weekend for Art Basel? Join us for a happy hour gathering this Saturday, December 6th from 6:00 to 8:00 pm. Meet the team and see EO1 in person. We'd love to meet you! Please RSVP Hope you can make it! Zoë Last week Bill, Kyri, Jacob and I took a trip to Phoenix, AZ to visit with a handful of partners responsible for getting EO1 built, assembled, and into your hands. Here's a glimpse into a fascinating and incredibly productive couple of days! The Electronics Our first stop was to our electronics partner, working on the mechanical and electrical design for our custom circuit board (the guts of the computer). We reviewed the work remaining ahead of their shipping the first batch of production prototypes, which we expect to receive in just a few weeks! Here's Bill reviewing a similar prototype board. Plastics and Paint Our next visit was to an injection molding contract manufacturer that we're considering for our plastics. Here's Bill and Jacob reviewing EO1 mechanical drawings with their team: The injection molding process with this manufacturer involves creating a mold that would be used to form the outer and inner frames for EO1. The mold might look something like this: Once the mold is made, and the first plastics come off of the production line, they'll be sent to a paint shop. Unfortunately, they wouldn't let us take photos inside the manufacturing facility, so you'll just have to imagine the robot painters we met. Integration The final step in the production process is "integration." The integration partner will take in all of our components, and assemble and ship the final product to you! We visited two integration facilities on our trip, both with experience testing and integrating display technologies. Here's an LED testing station currently running for one of their other clients: If this integrator is selected, EO1 will likely be assembled on these very tables! Packaging In the huge amount of work required to take a product from concept to production, it's easy to forget about (and under-fund) packaging; but it's important to remember that packaging is the first thing our backers (you!) will see when EO1 arrives. We toured a really impressive packaging manufacturer. The process is pretty similar to plastics manufacturing. First, a die is made according to the size and layout of the box: Then a huge flat rectangular piece of cardboard is passed on a conveyor under the die, and into a machine like the one below. As the die rolls over the cardboard, it creates creases and cuts, leaving our custom box to be formed and assembled. Finally, the manufacturer applies labels and prints our design (this one mixes their own colors)! We have some key decisions to make in the next couple of weeks, during which time we have to review and approve our custom board design, and select plastics and metals manufacturers, painters, and integrators. Our panels (which we ordered a couple of months ago) will be arriving in the US soon, and come January, we'll be ready for our first production run to beta backers. Thanks for your continued support, and as always, please don't hesitate to reach out with any questions or feedback! Thanks, Jake + Team Hi backers! We typically only use Updates for, you know, Updates, but we thought this was important enough to share. Our small team is growing! We have a lot of work to do between now and May, and would love your help getting the word out about a few roles that we're looking to fill. If any of these roles sound interesting to you, please get in touch at <email> Android Engineer — We’re looking for someone to lead the development of the EO1 Android-based operating system, in addition to a mobile Android app. You should have a few years of experience working with Android. You’ll work closely with the team building the integrated computer for EO1, to maximize graphics performance. Most of the work will be at the application layer, but you should have some comfort digging into the lower level stuff. We’re a small team, so it will be important for you to have a keen eye for user experience as well. Product Engineer — The person in this role will build the web and mobile web Rails applications that support the Electric Objects community and Store, where users will discover, share, buy and display artwork. You should have spent at least a few years working on websites, and ideally spent some time building community software. You’ve probably worked on side projects before. That’s what this is like, except all the time. We're open to contractors, but ideally people who will consider a transition to full time. iOS Engineer — Lead the development of the iPhone and iPad applications that help users discover, collect and display artwork on their EO1. We’re pretty sure that most people will control what appears on their EO1 with their phone, so this is a pretty important platform for us. We’re looking for someone with a few years of iOS development under their belt. We're open to contractors, but ideally people who will consider a transition to full time. Director of Manufacturing Operations - Responsible for coordinating all contract manufacturing activities for the company, and ensuring that quality and timing objectives are met. You should have high level experience coordinating domestic and overseas supplier shipping and logistics. You should have 10+ years of experience working with manufacturing in the electronics industry, ideally with several years of experience working with LCD panel integrated products. Experience with ISO, FCC, UL, NEMA and lean and six sigma certification are a plus. Get in touch at <email> Thanks, Jake A couple of months ago, Bill Cowles, who leads up our hardware development efforts, gave us a glimpse into the EO1 product development cycle . Since then, he’s made tremendous progress, and has hit some pretty important milestones. In August we ordered our first run of LCD panels, last month we signed on with a US-based designer and manufacturer for the custom computer, and we’re happy to report that production is on track for the January (beta) and May shipments! The production effort from here can be roughly split into four deliverables: sourcing the panel, building the computer, building the frame, and assembling the components. Read on for more detail on what's done and what's next! Selecting the LCD Panel After the successful funding of the Kickstarter campaign, our main concern was finding the best HD 23" LCD panel we could get our hands on, one that we could live with (and that would be supported and available) for years to come. It’s by far our longest lead time component, and has an obviously significant impact on the user experience, making it the most critical hardware requirement for EO1. In our search, we met with many manufacturing representatives and display panel manufacturers. In our final selection, we vetted for issues like burn-in, color reproduction, viewing angle, connectivity and consistency. Sourcing was no easy task because we also needed to ensure that we could connect (via a standard called LVDS ) to our custom board, which is also in development (see below). In other words, it meant hitting a moving target. Thanks to the heroic efforts of our hardware and software team and partners, I’m happy to report that on August 15th, we placed our first large order of display panels for the January beta backers! Building the Computer The next big item for us was defining the components for and finding the right partner to help us develop the custom computer or SBC (single board computer). We looked at a number of firms, with development and manufacturing facilities all over the world, but ultimately selected a US-based SBC development firm with local production in Arizona. This week, we’re reviewing schematics and making final component adjustments before SBC production begins. Working with a US-based company means tighter communication and more confidence that the right components are selected and actually placed in our product. We’ll take a few trips to Arizona in the coming months to visit the production line and ensure that everything is developing smoothly and according to spec. We've had a great working dialogue with our new partners so far and expect to see our first batch of custom SBCs in November. Designing and Building the Frame The mechanical and industrial design for the frame (about 13 plastic and metal parts) has all been done in-house. We’re designing the parts for low cost and high quality assembly (read more about DFA ). We’re paying very close attention to the number of parts that are required to go into the assembly, how the parts “mate” together and how to reduce time during assembly. For example, one early version of our design required flipping the parts over repeatedly during assembly, which not only adds additional time but also a chance of damage during the flipping process. When we started prototyping and documenting the exact assembly process, it was clear that a change was needed, and we adapted the design in order to assemble the units without flipping. The next steps for plastics and metals include producing the final 3D files, and going through a complete prototype build early next week. If everything checks out, we can begin reaching out to contract manufacturing vendors for quoting and then tooling — the first step in the frame manufacturing process! Selecting the Integrator All told, our BOM (bill of materials) includes the panel, the custom computer, about nine custom plastic parts, four custom metal parts, a few peripheral sensor PCBs and four or five cable assemblies and various connectivity hardware. So how does it all come together? Once we have all the components purchased or built, we’ll work with a specialized type of contract manufacturer called an integrator, who will assemble and ship the final production units. We’re currently evaluating several of these CMs, focusing on those that specialize in highly flexible assembly manufacturing with the ability to quickly setup and turn on production lines. Some integrators will also have experience in developing products with LCD panels, which is especially useful in our case, since they will be able to handle inspection and testing of the delicate display panels. It’s been a long road, and there’s much left to do, but I’m happy to report that so far so good, and we’re excited for our first beta ship in January! Today, we're officially launching our artist program with a weekly interview series featuring our participating artists! Check out our list of participating artists , and our first interview with Sabrina Ratté ! Zoë has done a phenomenal job bringing these artists together. This group of emerging artists is doing some of the most interesting work at the intersection of art and technology, and we're lucky to have them participating in our experiment. From Zoë Salditch, our Director of Artist Relations: EO1 is a computer made for art, but it would be just-another-device without a community of artists behind it. When we launched on Kickstarter in July, we announced a few participating artists who were willing to take a chance on us, to put their name next to something new. As the campaign grew, and word spread, we began to hear from hundreds of artists and developers interesting in exploring the boundaries of EO1. There are so many of you, it's still blowing my mind! So the hard part was not identifying capable artists; the hard part was figuring out who to work with first, and what shape that relationship should take - particularly since we haven't even finished building the darn thing! As I set out to build our artist program, there were a few key points that I tried to keep in mind: 1) Artists working with technology. EO1 is in its early stages of development and, like many platforms, we can’t possibly anticipate all that it’s capable of. It seemed clear to me that the best place to start was with artists who work with screen-based media, the Internet, and code, to push the boundaries and explore the contours of EO1's technology. 2) Willing to collaborate and experiment. Over the last few weeks, I've met with every participating artist (either IRL or via Skype) to speak with them about their projects, and to confirm with them that ours would be a collaborative and experimental relationship, with plenty of room for error, iteration, and exploration - not a hard commitment with a deadline. The emphasis on collaboration and experimentation is one reason why I chose to frame our initial outreach program as a "residency," rather than as a commission. This opportunity is about collaboration, about joining forces to make something we want to see in the world. 3) Nice people. You probably giggled at this one, but it’s worth including. Collaborating on a creative project is a complex, and very personal experience, so it's critical to be able to communicate respectfully with your collaborators. (Frankly, this should just be a rule for anyone you interact with in general.) 4) An inclusive environment. This last one is really important to us. It’s relatively well understood that women are underrepresented in both the art and technology communities. I don’t want to build, nor would I want to be a part of, a community that perpetuates that kind of imbalance. We’re focused on building a diverse and inclusive community from the beginning. When I look at our evolving list of participating artists, I can't help but get excited. This group of artists are going to shape how thousands of people (millions, one day?) will experience digital art in their homes - many for the first time. And I'm just thankful to be working with so many lovely and talented people to figure it all out, together. Keep an eye on this list , as we’ll be adding new artists regularly. Thanks to all the current and future participating artists for being rad, and thanks again to all the backers and everyone who supports us at EO. If you're one of our future participating artists, I'd love to hear about your work! You can reach me at <email> or say hi on Twitter . Your friend, Zoë Electric Objects is as much a software project as it is a hardware project. We're building a space for a community of artists and art fans to gather and exchange. To do that, we need to learn as much as we can about the people that make up that community: where they live, what they like, who they are, their relationship to art and the Internet, and their vision for Electric Objects. With that in mind, last week we asked you to tell us a little bit about yourselves. Today, we thought it would be interesting to share that data with all of you. Survey Results We started with a few questions about basic demographic details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ With this next set of questions, we tried to better understand your connection to the art world. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The question below is one of my favorites. It demonstrates a willingness and an interest in collecting digital work, but it's clear that the general response is: "show me, and then I'll tell you." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Survey respondents reported a relatively diverse range of experiences paying for visual art, with the median hovering around $300. This met our expectations. Electric Objects backers are people who are interested in supporting artists, and interested in investing in the look and feel of their homes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This next question is a good reminder to us that the product will be defined as much by the community of users as it will by its builders. I expect (and hope!) that EO1 users will bend, break, and explore the outer bounds of this technology, and show us the product they want. We'll build it in such a way as to embrace that flexibility. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Thanks to those of you who took the time to answer these questions. We'll be back very soon with some additional updates, including an introduction to our first group of participating artists! Jake Hello! After the whirlwind Kickstarter campaign, we're working hard to get the beta units ready for our first ship date in January! In the meantime, we'd like to get to know you better! We made a short survey with a few questions about who you are, where you come from, and your experience with buying and enjoying art. I bet you can do it in 120 seconds. Take the EO Backer Survey! A quick update from the race to ship: Zoë is busy fielding hundreds (really, actually) of requests from artists who are interested in creating original work for EO1. We're shipping out 50 alpha units to artists within the month so they can begin experimenting. Bill is working closely with our design partners to build the custom computer we'll use for the beta units and in final production. And Jacob is working on the Android-based operating system for EO1, and getting the new web and mobile applications up and running. Thanks, and as always, don't hesitate to reach out with any questions! Jake Hello! At the end of a campaign that beat all expectations, I'm pleased to report that next year 2,255 EO1s will be delivered into the hands of 1,886 EO1 Backers (in addition to 86 T-Shirts and 233 High Fives ). In total, 2,246 Backers from 43 countries and 466 cities came together to make Electric Objects a reality. Map by Javier Arce via CartoDB We're overwhelmed and overjoyed by your support, and can't thank you enough for putting your voices and dollars on the line to make this thing happen. We'll be in touch regularly in the coming months with updates on our progress. Stay tuned! Jake GIF by Andrew Benson Hi Backers! It's been an incredible 29 days. We're so grateful for your support so far, and can't wait to get EO1 into your hands. In this last stretch, we'd like to ask you for one more favor: Share our Kickstarter campaign with just one person. Like anything on the Internet, Electric Objects gets better when more people use it. Artists will see it as a more compelling platform for connecting to their audience, and users will get to experience art alongside more friends and communities. The early Electric Objects community will define the experience of the product for every user that follows, and the quality and contour of that community are very much in your hands. We hope you'll help us build a great one. See you on the other side! Jake, Zoë, Jacob, Bill + Alex Hello! We were blown away by the response to the Artist in Residence program — over 300 artists applied! Look out for the selection announcement this week. After such an amazing response, we're excited to announce that we're teaming up with the wonderful folks at NYPL Labs to sponsor our next Artist in Residence! The New York Public Library Labs x Electric Objects Net Artist in Residence As the Library continues to digitize materials and open up new data sets, there is a dazzling range of digital historical content with which to play and make. For this residency, we're asking applicants to make use of materials from NYPL's Lionel Pincus and Princess Firyal Map Division. Participating artists will have access to: 20,000+ historical maps, atlases, and other geographic documents and/or 19th century city data (old NYC building footprints, addresses, residential &amp; business info) Artists will also receive a cash stipend, an EO1 developer kit, dedicated work space at the Library, and access to curators, librarians, and library technologists. Completed works will be hosted online by NYPL and exhibited on-site at 42nd Street powered by EO1. Read more about it or apply within! Thanks! Zoë Salditch p.s. Only 3 days left in the campaign! Please help us finish strong by spreading the word! Hello! There is a lot going on inside EO1, but if we're doing a good job, our hard work is mostly invisible to you as the end user, and all you'll ever see is the artwork you've chosen to display. Since EO1 is always connected to the internet, you can control and configure everything remotely and automatically; once you set it up, you'll never need to directly interact with it again. That said, a lot of developers and artists are eager to learn more about the software that powers EO1, so I asked Jacob Bijani (who leads software product development for Electric Objects) to share a bit more about what’s going on under the hood: The software inside EO1 is a stripped down web browser, powered by a customized version of Android. Every EO1 will always be running our latest software, automatically updating itself in the background. And since every EO1 is identical in size, orientation, and software stack, artists won't need to waste time addressing different browser and device incompatibilities. Our custom browser is built on top of the WebKit rendering engine, which powers Safari and Chrome. This gives artists flexibility to use tools and technology they're already familiar with. Since we're designing the software all the way down to the hardware, we also have the ability to move outside the web browser to take advantage of Android's more powerful native components. Animated GIFs perform poorly even in modern web browsers, so we've chosen to circumvent the browser entirely and instead use native rendering software optimized for our hardware. GIFs are great for artists because they're supported everywhere by default and don't require user interaction (hitting play), but after a certain size and length they become a real drag on the processor. Instead, we support more robust video formats like MP4 and WebM for longer pieces, and can add support for more formats through future software updates.(1) Because we’re building on top of WebKit, EO1 has excellent support for most modern Javascript frameworks like Three.js for powerful 3D WebGL, and Two.js and Paper.js for Canvas and SVG animations. When possible, we’ll build in native support for the most relevant frameworks. For example, we’re working closely with Casey Reas, the co-founder of the Processing drawing language, to launch with native support for Processing in EO1. The most exciting thing about EO1 being powered by a web browser is its ability to capture the inherently dynamic and generative nature of the web. I love seeing artwork that reacts to live streams of data. Some simple examples: a landscape that responds to your local weather, an abstract line drawing based on local traffic patterns, a portrait that changes colors or shading depending on the subject’s social stream. There are plenty of places to see raw information, it's exciting to consider new artistic possibilities for the data that surrounds and describes our lives, and I’m excited to work with our Artists in Residence on this kind of connected work.(2) There's still a lot of work left to do to make EO1 ready for production, but I'm incredibly excited by the response we’re seeing so far, and if the project sounds interesting to you, there are plenty of ways to help! We're looking for an Embedded Android Developer to own the software stack on EO1. We're working on things like elegant over-the-air software and OS updates, configuring WiFi over Bluetooth, and communicating commands securely over our WebSockets API, all without a keyboard or mouse! We're also looking for a Creative Director to help spec and design features for our onboard, mobile, and web apps, as well as packaging design, retail, and print collateral. We're actually making a real life thing that will live in real people’s real homes. It’s a unique and exciting design challenge. If the idea of ripping apart monitors and bringing prototype circuit boards home from work with you sounds fun, get in touch! <email> ------------------------ (1) Most web platforms are forced to add restrictive file size limits because they're serving the same file over and over. Since EO1 is only displaying one thing at a time on-demand, we can be more generous. Larger files can take awhile to download, but we'll take preemptive measures like starting to download artwork you've added to your collection before you first display it, and caching everything on the device as long as possible. We'll be responsible with this, and give you information on what and how much data EO1 is using. (2) From a technical perspective, dynamic artwork is the most complex for both us and artists. For example, the artwork will need to react gracefully to missing data and work offline. Kevin Slavin is an Assistant Professor at the MIT Media Lab. He is an artist, an entrepreneur, a friend, and an advisor and guiding hand behind Electric Objects. We sat down with him a couple of weeks ago, and asked him a few questions about art and the Internet. What followed was one of the most fascinating conversations I've had, so we thought we'd share it with you. I encourage you to watch the short video above, but we're also including the transcript below for you text people. What does the Internet offer artists? The internet offers artists a couple of things that they’ve never had before, in any obvious way, which is of course a total shift in a distribution model in terms of how their work reaches people. But the internet also offers artists the opportunity to have something that they’ve really never had before, which is an audience. As a painter, as a sculptor, as a printmaker or photographer, you would make work and you would sell it if you were lucky and then it would disappear from your life and then it’s left you. The idea that you can make work and it can move out into the world and you can have some sense of its travels through the world — I think for the any artist that’s an important and rewarding aspect of practice, and as soon as you have that, the idea of not having that anymore looks completely absurd. The idea that you would put something out into the world and then it’s just simply gone, as opposed to replicating and multiplying and being enjoyed, with some sense of the relationship between your work and the people who care for it — once you have that, you don’t ever want to take that away. Where do we find persistence and durability in digital artwork? Artists have worked with all kinds of technology basically from the moment there was something called technology. Artists who have worked with digital technologies have often faced the reality that we upgrade all the time, and that anything that they make that has digital qualities may be unusable in a year, or two, certainly in five years or ten years. Even light sculptures from Dan Flavin are no longer usable because nobody makes those lights anymore. So anybody who’s working with modes of technology that can be updated can also be sort of outdated, and the question is how to make work that has the persistent quality that art should have, something that endures, something that persists? Arguably, the best way to do that is to use the network itself, use the Internet itself, and say this is the thing that we know will only improve overtime, and just to make a window for that, rather than focusing on the specific qualities of the device, or the object — to say: the important part about all this is the network itself. What happens when the Internet enters the home? The thing that changes when you pull something off the internet and you bring it into the home or wherever it’s going to go is that you give it a persistent, contemplative quality. If you think about it, and you look at the history of art, what you see is that this is what artists try to do, and they’ve been trying to do it since the first moment they could. The idea when we look at a still life painting, that it just sort of seems like some weird archaic something-or-other from history, in fact what they were trying to do was stop time. What you see in every still life painting is a deliberate use of things that decompose quickly, whether that’s fresh fruit, or fish, or bread — things that actually are clearly going to disappear tomorrow, or be rotten tomorrow, and to freeze it for a moment in time. That’s why artists ran towards photography when it happened, and said: this is the thing that we can actually use to slow it down, to stop it, to actually allow us to see the things that are moving way too quickly in our world. The question now is what’s moving the fastest in the world? The things that are moving the fastest aren’t really moving the fastest in the physical world. They’re happening on the Internet. The Internet is the fastest set of forces that humans have ever been exposed to. The question is how do you slow that down? How do you actually allow somebody to spend the contemplative time with that? I think the reality is that any great work actually demands time, and the lives that we live and the devices that we’ve been given are really bad at accommodating that. The question is how do you make a device that actually speaks to that? How do you make a device that speaks to the contemplative demands of great work? The internet changes the shape of everything that it touches. How it’s incorporated itself into our homes has primarily been through things like thermostats and smoke alarms. I think it’s inevitable, and maybe even necessary, that it also effect the sense of the home and the world that lives inside each one of us when we’re in it. More about Kevin Slavin Hello backers! We're pleased to share that we hit another exciting milestone yesterday, crossing $500,000 with 16 days to go! With our goal behind us, development is already very much underway, and we could really use your help with a few important design decisions! This short survey includes just six questions, and should take no more than 30 seconds. We hope you'll take a moment to share your thoughts. Take the survey Thanks! Jake We've been really inspired by the response to the Kickstarter campaign from the artist community, and want to find a way to encourage experimentation with Electric Objects. EO1 might be an interesting combination of hardware and software, but it’s not much more than that without a strong community of artists and developers who see it as a compelling platform for creative expression, and a new way to connect with humans. So today we’re announcing the beta of our Artist in Residence program. This is an experiment, an exploration into the creative and distributive potential of a new platform. The purpose of this beta program is to encourage artists and developers to create work with EO1 in mind. Nothing that comes out of this program will be exclusive to EO1, we only ask that you consider it in your creative process, and think of it as a primary context for presentation. We’ll select 10 artists for this beta group. If it goes well, we’ll do it again! Questions? Email <email> . Selected artists will receive: EO Prototype Kit (approx. $400) $500 stipend Full rights to re-sell / re-share / re-display any work produced 1:1 time with Jacob Bijani, who leads the Electric Objects development team If you're interested, please apply today! Applications are due July 27th @ Midnight EST. Apply for the Artist in Residence program I'm pleased to report that we're now over $425,000 in contributions! We're thrilled with the progress so far, but really this is a testament to the Kickstarter community, and to a shared belief that the Internet offers more than our current devices can afford us. With our original goal far behind us, we're already getting started with the next phase of development for EO1. Designing and manufacturing and shipping hardware is a complicated, fraught process, and we're happy to have Bill Cowles, our Director of Hardware, on board to lead us through it. Bill has over 20 years of experience designing and manufacturing consumer electronics products. He has a background in industrial design and mechanical engineering, and has a strong network of relationships in electrical design, manufacturing, shipping and logistics. He also has a dog named Buster, who is adorable. I asked him to talk us through the process from here to ship, and I thought you'd find it interesting as well: --- Here's what the next 9 months look like for us: The terms EVT, DVT and PVT help define the different stages of our development process. EVT, or “Engineering Validation Testing,” is the stage in which fairly rapid prototypes are made and tested to validate the design with approximate production materials. This is what we completed prior to the Kickstarter campaign. In EVT, rapid prototyping or CNC machining is combined with electronics breadboarding, or in our case, with off-the-shelf development kits. These kits were produced in fairly high quantities and allowed us to inexpensively test the hardware limitations, and help us better understand how people might use EO1. We launched our Kickstarter campaign at the culmination of the EVT stage, when we were confident we could produce EO1 at the price we went public with, and with a hunch that people might like it. DVT or "Design Verification Testing" is the development phase we’re kicking off now, which includes more rigorous testing with quantifiable objectives around things like strength, longevity and compliance; basically debugging as many issues of the entire electro-mechanical system prior to beginning a volume production run. There may be a few DVT phases (DVT1, DVT2, etc…) to work out any lingering issues and refine parts to simplify the manufacturing and assembly process. The DVT stage should include the simulation of manufactured parts as closely as possible. As critical as the design for the end user, is qualifying and getting confidence in the "Design for Manufacturing" (DFM). In other words, can this wonderful thing we designed actually be manufactured? Tooling begins when the DVT process is complete. In this stage, mechanical parts have been refined and 3D files are sent to selected vendors to produce the fixtures, tools and processes to efficiently make large quantities of parts. For plastics/injection molding, blocks of steel are ordered and cut to produce cavities to mold housing and other parts. For sheet metals, “tool and dies” are made to efficiently punch accurate shapes from sheets or coils of metal. The cost and complexity of tool-making requires final DVT parts to be absolutely perfect and the process takes a significant amount of time and must be calculated into the overall development schedule. The final testing stage, PVT, stands for “Product Validation Testing." It's similar to DVT, but this testing phase is with production parts and assemblies only. Typically, PVT parts and assemblies are used for the most rigorous testing that includes certification with independent electronics testing/compliance facilities like UL, FCC, CE, etc. Once completed, labels with certification codes can be applied to approved products. Production kicks off when the PVT process wraps up. Raw materials are pre-ordered and are in stock at the point of production, and the process of producing parts begins. Most electronics assemblies are a collection of custom made parts (from tooling), subassemblies made from contract manufacturers, and “off-the-shelf” components which are assembled into one unit. The assembly process is another area of design consideration where issues can arise (i.e. mechanical fasteners/adhesives not assembled properly, parts assembled in the wrong orientation, high-quality finishes on visible surfaces can become scratched, etc.). The initial release of production parts go through an "New Product Introduction" (NPI) review where production issues are analyzed and fixed. Once the parts and final assemblies are made to the original design specifications, quantities of final assemblies can be produced, packaged and readied for distribution! ---- We'll keep you in the loop as we make our way through the development process. We've spent a lot of time with this forecast, and are confident that EO1 will arrive stable, secure, and on time! We're pleased to share that we're now over $325,000 in contributions. This product (like the Internet) gets better when more people use it, so please continue to help spread the word! And a special thank you to all the backers who have taken a chance on us so far! Check out EO1 in person! If you're in NYC, we hope to see you this weekend at our Pop-up Showroom on Kenmare and Bowery, where you can check out EO1 in person! Events include: Saturday: Tumblr Ice Cream Social Saturday night: Music + Visuals hosted by Portals and to.be Sunday night: "Collecting Digital Art" with the Arts+Tech Meetup RSVP for the Pop-up Showroom Meet Nicolas Sassoon Nicolas Sassoon is a Vancouver-based artist who works primarily on and for screens. We've been working closely with him from the very beginning, and he has been incredibly supportive, lending his advice and his talent to this effort. Many of his works can be found on the Kickstarter page! We thought it might be interesting to ask him a few questions about creating art on and for screens, and about what the Internet means to his practice. EO: What about the Internet/screens is attractive to you as an artist? Nicolas: One of the foundations of my work is to use the matrix display of modern screens as a form of canvas. Every single screen today is made of a grid of physical/immaterial pixels with unique properties and qualities. This is what makes screens unique on a physical level compared to paintings, prints or even theater screens. They have their own subtle qualities and I enjoy exploring the potential of these traits within my practice. Almost 100% of my artistic output is published online; my current work wouldn’t exist today without the Internet. Publishing my work online allows me to reach a much larger audience, when and where they deem it appropriate. Enjoying art at home has traditionally been reserved for the small few who could afford it; the Internet is changing this. Now anyone can experience art in their home or their office. It’s a radically different experience; it can be way more intimate and enjoyable than the experience of that same artwork in a gallery or museum space. EO: Tell us about working with EO? How to anticipate working with EO1? Nicolas: Having an EO prototype in my studio allows me to experiment in real time and see instantly what works best depending on how the screen is oriented or where it is placed. It adds an exciting spatial dimension to the process of working on GIFs, and it greatly facilitates the insertion of these works into an environment other than the personal computer. I am currently working on a few series specifically for EO1 and I also really like the idea of having an artist channel that screen owners can subscribe to. There are many other interesting perspectives that we have talked about, but for now these are what I'm most excited about. I’ve been waiting to see the creation of an affordable display dedicated to screen-based artworks like Electric Objects. I believe EO1 will contribute immensely to the on-going conversation around the monetization of online and screen-based artworks. It will promote new forms of art ownership and give screen-based artworks an elegant and proper platform to be displayed on. Learn more about Nicolas One more thing... Ben Pieratt has for the last year acted as Creative Director for Electric Objects. Ben is an independent artist and designer, and he's one of the most talented folks I've had the opportunity to work with. Ben and another friend, Cameron Koczon, recently launched a worthy Kickstarter campaign to rescue a wonderful product he made called Svpply, which was sadly shut down by the company that acquired it. Ben's campaign is currently $1,008 away from hitting its goal, so we hope you'll check it out and consider backing it! Visit Very Goods, the new Svpply Putting a new product out in the world is a terrifying experience, and making your launch numbers public is even harder, but there's little better than seeing a community of people you admire rally behind something you believe in. Yesterday we hit out goal in 30 minutes, and in the last 24 hours we've seen over $200,000 in contributions, nearly 10x our goal. This is a win for the Internet. It's a testament to the fact that computers can be used for more than just utility and entertainment, that there's beauty in the network, and that a new generation of artists, creating work on and for screens, deserve a space in our homes. We're humbled by this response, and look forward to living up to this mission. Join us at the Electric Objects NYC Showroom! Starting this Friday, join us for a weekend of art, Internet, and fun, including events with Tumblr , Portals , To.be , and the Arts+Tech Meetup . Check out the schedule of events! Now for a few practical updates: The handmade wooden frame reward sold out a bit faster than expected (about 12 hours). We've spoken with Annie, and she's agreed to make another 50 units! If you weren't able to snag one, you can upgrade your pledge now ! We updated the page with an FAQ , to answer common questions around things like power use and the cord. Thanks again for all your support, and we hope you continue to help us spread the word! Jake In case you missed it, we're excited to share that we just released a software update for iOS and Android that includes Playlists, which allows you to create lists of artwork that you can rotate through at an interval of your choosing. Check out our blog post for more details: <url>– Looks like your second unit is currently being held by customs! Shoot us an email at <email> @BonanzaNLD – Thanks for the feedback! We're looking into this for a potential future update. @Sandeep – Glad to hear it! @Graham – Smart-brightness:high is brighter. @BonanzaNLD – Thanks for the feedback! Yes, we are looking to build in those features for an upcoming release. @Sandeep – Sorry for the confusion! Looks like your second EO1 just passed customs and is on its way to you. Shoot us an email at <email> for more info @thomas – Glad you're enjoying it! You can purchase a stand here: <url>– Your two EO1s shipped yesterday afternoon! Send us an email if you did not receive your tracking numbers @Sandy – Your order shipped last week! Did you receive our email? We will follow up shortly @Simon - Thanks for the feedback! Would you mind sending a pic to <email> for us to check out? @Cory - We're still experimenting but are hoping to release more robust support for these types of web work soon. @Andy - There should be no problem letting EO1 lean. Glad to hear your kids are enjoying it! @Chung - Thanks for the support! @Tarus - Thanks for your patience––almost there! Your White EO1 should be shipping in the next couple days. @Scott – Thanks for jumping in there =] We are looking into a feature like this for an update down the road. Keep the feedback coming! @Loren - Thanks for the thoughtful feedback and support! @Richard - Right on! @Andy - The bezel is attached magnetically at the four corners so that you can easily swap it out for an accessory frame if you choose to do so in the future. Re: Set Url it’s an embedded chromium 42 web browser. Web works are still experimental, if you're having problems with a specific url shoot us an email at <email> @Troy – Sorry to hear about the install trouble! As the device weighs about 15 lbs, shouldn't need toggle bolts for install. Shoot us an email at <email> and we can help answer any questions regarding installation. @noisemachina – Thanks for pointing us to that! @Scott – Yeah! You should be able to upload via the web on your mobile device. Looking into native App upload for future updates. @Brent – We don't currently have any filters in place on the Public Gallery. Casey Reas's "Scan" is a great example: <url>’re also working on ways to improve the experience of generative work on EO1, so keep an eye out! @Gregmom, Dan andJason – Thanks for the great feedback! @Mac and Richard – Almost there! Shoot us an email at <email> with any questions about your order! @Kelvin — The Stand is sold separately, since we hadn't built or priced it in time for the campaign, but you can get one here: <url>— Thanks for the super thoughtful feedback! We actually do cache locally, so you should see better Display performance on previously downloaded work. We're working on some better caching strategies here. Some of the artworks are close to 20mb, so there will always be some delay, but we can do a better job of minimizing the delay and demonstrating download progress. re: IFTTT, stay tuned. @Rono — We'll be in touch with a few questions / troubleshooting tips! @James — So sorry about the delay! We were working on figuring out how to pre-pay your VAT taxes. I'm digging into this now and will be in touch soon. @All — Shipping is nearly complete with another 390 going out today and tomorrow. Thanks for bearing with us. Shoot us an email at <email> with any questions about your order! Jake @Denis @John Shoot us an email at <email> @Brett @Dan Thanks guys, appreciate the kind words and the feedback! Working on a better power cord, but we didn't want to delay delivery any longer. The good news is that once we get a better power cord (working on it), it'll be an easy improvement. @Juan - Just saw your email and got back to you! Check there for details. @Mattimeo + Dirk - Sorry about that! Shoot us an email at <email> and we'll help troubleshoot right away. @Steve - Correct, you'll have to upload them on our page––we do not currently support Flicker @Sandy, Mac + Pete - Thanks for your continued patience, guys. Your orders should be shipping soon––keep an eye out for the shipping notification email! @David - Thanks for the interest! We do not currently offer any promo codes, apologies for any inconvenience. @Bryan - It looks like there was a typo on your email address when you submitted the ticket so our response was lost! Saarim is getting back to you now--hold tight! @Arun - Thanks for your patience. Your EO1 should be shipping by early next week! @Andy – Your address has been updated! @Alex – Your EO1 should be shipping next week. Keep an eye out for the shipping notification! @Marc Thanks for the kind words! @Bryan Saarim responded to your question yesterday, did you not receive it? We'll try again now. Jake @Denis – Thanks for your patience! Your EO1 should be shipping next week. Sit tight and keep an eye out for the shipping notification! @Geo We actually just shipped an update which changes the way GIFs are rendered on EO, using the video player instead of the GIF player, so any GIF that you upload from now on should play fine. We're in the process of going back and converting all other existing GIFs now. Sorry for the early issues! @Daniel Wow, thanks! Annie will be so pleased! We're working on "delete" functionality but for now you can just email us, and it's all handled through our server for now. @James - Sorry about that! There's a few things we can do. Sending an email now to help troubleshoot. @BonanzaNLD @Brett @Ken Just posted a quick update here. Almost there! <url>– EO1 comes with a capacitive touch button that allows you to turn the display on or off without shutting down the device. This button is located on the top right hand side of every EO1 (look for the EO logo!) @Richard Hey Richard, thanks for asking, it's a pretty interesting program. First I want to express that we sent Amazon only a small number of units, such that it would not impact our delivery commitments to backers. That was important. EO1 shipments will be complete within the next two weeks as promised in the last update. It's not an official partnership with Kickstarter, but they reached out to us to participate as one of their featured products, and we thought it would be a good idea to take them up on the opportunity. They're definitely trying something new, and I'm pretty excited that we had the chance to get in at such an early stage. Jake @Missy @Robert Yes, we made a call on keeping cord color consistent for this production run, and opted for white with the goal to reduce visibility when hanging (the assumption being that most walls are lighter than they are dark). We're re-thinking that, frankly, and would like to offer customers options at and after checkout. We're working on a plan for accessory cords. @Jason @Missy We'll have more to share about the subscription service soon, but the short version is yes it's totally opt-in, and it's only for access to artwork produced specifically for Electric Objects in partnership with institutions and artists directly. @Geo - Sorry about that! A solution is forthcoming, but please do send an email to <email> @Arvinder - Happy birthday to your daughter! We will look into features like this for updates in the future. @Torben — Definitely, please email <email> and we'll change the shipping address for the frames. Jake @David — Thanks! The frames are at our fulfillment center now, and we're planning to ship those out this week. You'll get an email when it leaves the warehouse. Jake Hi all — I'm happy to report that we built 500 EO1s last week, and are on track to do another 500 this week. Making good progress against our timeline, and excited to get your feedback once your EO1 arrives! Best, Jake @SeaDawgg — Awesome and thoughtful feedback. Good idea re: forums. We'll do some research @Robert — Thanks for the kind words! Glad you found the brightness settings. The new app (coming very soon) has brightness and sleep controls built in, so that will be easier. @Juan @Troy — Sorry about that. We have a fix, and we'll email you now. @Troy Hey Troy — They are only loaded via our website today. We take that pretty seriously, and definitely owe you and the rest of the community a failsafe plan, which of course we never plan or hope to have to implement! Jake @Mac @Bonanza Hey guys — Posting an update today on timing. Thanks for your patience! Jake @Jason Totally agree! Appreciate your support and will have an update to share in the next few days. Thanks, Jake @Jason @Ken Hey guys — Totally understand your concern, and I'm bummed that everyone doesn't have their EO1 yet. As mentioned below a few days ago I'm working on an update for you this week. At the end of May we quoted 4-6 weeks to complete production, and doing our best to stick to that timeline. More info as soon as I have it. Email me if you'd like to discuss further, and thanks again for bearing with us! Jake <email> @Joanna — Can you get in touch at <email>? @Tarus — Absolutely! All of that functionality will be in the app soon. @Jason Dunn — Can you email us with shipping issues? We're <email>. @Jason Hayes — Yes, shipments are ongoing. I'll get an update out this week with additional details. Jake @Richard – Sorry for the confusion! It is the latter: you have to load an image into the system to change the display. @Russell – We are looking into features like this for updates down the line! @Richard – You can display images from folders on the Upload page, simply by selecting "Choose File" and navigating to the folder. @Russell – Sleep schedule preferences can be found on your web profile. Once logged in to electricobjects.com, if you go to "Settings" in the drop down menu under your username, the "Sleep Schedule" options can be found at the bottom of the page. Below this you can also find the "Smart Brightness Beta" settings, which can be turned on or off. @Shaun Thanks for letting us know! We're thrilled to hear you're happy with the experience so far. (You'd be shocked to know how much engineering work went into that setup process, and the time between when a user hits Display and the art appears on EO1 :) Please keep the feedback coming! Jake @Jason Definitely, thanks for the feedback. @Jason Hey Jason! No change from the last update in terms of delivery dates. I hope to have an update to share with number of units shipped by end of week. Thanks for your patience! Email us with any questions at <email>. Thanks, Jake @Tom – You can definitely display your own pictures! Both from the web as a URL or direct uploads. @Sjors – Send an email to <email>! @Shaun – Still under development! When you install your EO1 you'll be given the link to download the app. @peter Shoot us an email at <email>, if you don't mind, and we can help you out. @Hester Yes, you do need to plug EO1 into an electrical outlet @Tarus Yes! Just confirming everyone's addresses. Still on track for production and shipping kicking off end of May, and finishing up in the 4-6 weeks following kickoff. @Tom No plans to integrate with Artkick at the moment, but we'll take a look! @Jason @Kyle Hey guys! Sorry for the delay. We've been traveling a bunch. Looking good for end of May, we'll send a proper production update within the next week. This week we're working on getting firm delivery commitments from our manufacturers / suppliers for the build. Thanks! Jake @Geo A — Certainly do appreciate the feedback, and with that in mind, we are considering a change in the future to the way the product is bundled. Thanks for your support and your candid comments. @Scott Yup! The Stand will work with the wooden frame Thanks Jake @ P.G. — Really sorry if there was a miscommunication. EO1 is designed primarily for the wall, and we view the stand as an accessory for people who want to bring it into their home in a different way. We did mention in the campaign that the stand would be sold separately (see the "Designed to Fade Away" section), but my apologies if that wasn't clear enough. The reality was that we weren't far enough along with the design and manufacturing of the stand to know how to price it at the time of the campaign, which is why we're launching it now. Hope that helps explain our thinking here. It's a really nice accessory, but excluding it from the core product helps us keep the product less expensive, and for the majority of people who will hang EO1 on the wall, it would be an unnecessary addition. Feel free to get in touch with any follow up questions. Happy to continue the conversation here. Jake <email> @Simon (To be 100% clear, this was just a typo in our ordering system. Everything is as it should be :) Jake @Simon –– Sorry about that! You will be receiving your EO1 with EO1 Stand in May. We're updating the automated receipt now. @Kave –– Sorry for the confusion! If you order EO1 stand by May 1st we'll ship it along with your EO1 (no additional shipping cost). @scott — Targeting wooden frame ship date around the same time as EO1 in May. @Robert — Stand coming soon :)! @Kingsley — You can still edit your address. Thanks! Jake @Shaun — Just 2.4GHz for now. @Sam @Robert — Hey guys, sorry for the delay. We had some issues with USPS international shipping today and yesterday, that we're hoping to sort out tomorrow. Your Beta units are packed up and ready to go, stay tuned for tracking numbers as soon as I have them. Don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions: <email>. Thanks, Jake @tau_ceti Wow, really appreciate the super kind comments. It's a terrifying thing to send a new product into the real world, but hearing something like this makes it all worthwhile. So, thanks. @Jason/Ken — So sorry for missing these comments! Yes, we're still on track for May. I'm thinking about collecting feedback from Beta users and sending that around in the next update. @Robert this week! (yours is probably going out today/tomorrow) @Jason Sure! I'll put an update together next week. No updates on May, as we remain on track. Anything in particular you'd like to hear about? @James Yup, you could just plug it into the Wemo I'd think? @tau_ceti Yes! We're working on docs now. Shoot me an email or at <email> and I'll point you in the right direction. @tau_ceti Yep, it's a small wall wart. No brick! @tau_ceti Good question. We spent a lot of time finding a cord that we're happy with. It's a high quality white material. To hide the cord completely, there are a few options: use a cord concealer, get an electrician to help you run it through the wall, or use our custom EO1 Stand (which we'll be announcing in further detail soon). Hope that helps! @Robert — Thanks for being so thoughtful about placement! It's a matte IPS LED display. EO1 has an ambient light sensor so it adjusts the brightness according to the brightness of the room, and we keep the brightness much lower than traditional screens. @Edward — Thanks! We're unveiling our participating artists weekly over at <url>— The resolution is 1080p (1080x1920) and brightness is 300 nits. Thanks, Jake Hey all! Sorry for the delay, update love coming your way next week. All is well in EO-land :) We're busy, but the good kind of busy. Jake @Richard Yep, lots! I'm sending an update out soon. Stand by... ! @Brett — I'm not sure, but we'll look into that. @Jon — The plan is to bill now, so we have enough money to pay for the units. @Denis — Thanks! @Richard — Actually I made a mistake. Panel life is approx. 30,000 hours, and we expect it to be off about half the time (when you're asleep). That comes to about 6.85 years. @BonanzaNLD — We haven't built it yet, but we think it makes sense for you to be able to set the schedule. @Stephen — That's cool, and I think it would work. That's the kind of thing that either we'll build, or someone else will. @Dutes — We may end up building something that helps you rotate through your collection, but we're sensitive to the fact that people find most "slideshows" distracting. @Christine — Ack, sorry! I was getting an answer for you. Bill's estimates put it at 10-15lbs. @Adam — Absolutely, you could easily write something that grabs those images and brings them to your wall. @Kiwi — We aren't planning any slideshow features, we hear from our users that they find it distracting. We're definitely interested in integrating with third party communities like Flickr! @Edward — For the panels we're using, they are rated for 15,000 hours. @Loren — Thanks Loren! We hear you and will be working closely with our users and artists to make the right decision here. @Ben — a) EO1 retrieves all artwork over the Internet, so you'll need to upload your photographs (which we will try to make easy for you). Note that this DOESN'T mean they will be public. b) Yes! The idea is that when no one is there to see it, EO1 isn't on. @SeaDawgg — Glad that you're already getting started! Artwork within those specs should look beautiful. We've talked about maybe "releasing" landscape as an over-the-air software update later on, since the hardware (wall mount, tilt sensor, stand) all support it. Really it's a question of experience, simplicity, and consistency for our community of artists and developers creating original work for it — work that we think will be the most compelling. At this point we can't make any promises other than to say we will be responsive to our community as the product evolves! Jake @Jeffrey / @Christine / @Brendan — Thanks for your question. Right now the thinking is to ship an international blade kit to adapt to different wall outlets. It's worth noting that the size of the wall plug increases when accommodating different countries' power receptacles with the blade kit. The other option is having specific wall plugs for different countries, which is very expensive. In the coming weeks/months, we'll look into all options, with an eye to balancing convenience, aesthetics, and price. Hope that's helpful! @Rachel — Yes! We'll send a survey through Kickstarter where you can tell us your color choice. Jake @Giacomo: It's uploaded to the cloud, and you'll be in control of your privacy settings. @Daniel: There's no glass in front of the display, which we think makes it feel / look a lot better. You will be able to turn it off remotely, and there will be time of day power settings/controls. Lastly, the wooden frame is slightly larger. @Richard Nope! It's quiet. @Robert: See the first photo on the page for an accurate example of what the cord looks like. We'll be offering a choice of white or black cord, and the cord material will be similar to what powers a Macbook. @Paul — Thanks for the feedback! We're hearing from our early testers that "slideshow" is the wrong experience, but at the right pace it might work. We're eager to experiment around pacing. @Giacomo — You'll use our web application or mobile apps to upload your pictures, and yes it will have an adapter for EU customers. @Christine — Exact dimensions are 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D (with wall bracket and mounted on wall). I'll get back to you on weight! @Dustyn — Thanks for your interest! Not quite sure what our retails plans are, but we'll keep you in the loop. Jake @Aaron — Great question. We're exploring how to handle custom framing now, but Bill is optimistic that we can find a solution. @Richard — Unfortunately we can only offer one shipping price for international orders, which means we need to average across countries :( @Edward: We're currently looking at 2-4GB of storage @Mike: Thanks for these thoughts. Oddly enough, my first project name for this included the word "window." I won't tell you the full name because it's too embarrassing, but the metaphor isn't far off :) Jake @Keith Thanks for the feedback. It's totally understandable that it feels primarily like a landscape resolution, because that's all we've used it for in the past. We're trying something new, and in our early testing it seems to be working. It changes what people expect from it, it stops feeling like a computer or a TV, which is exactly the point. Hope that makes sense? @Edward: It will have built in memory, but no immediate plans for NFS/SMB shares. Sorry for any confusion. The product will certainly be complete when it arrives! We have a beta audience of users today, and we'll have 100 more when the first prototype runs in January. All of the hardware will be complete by January, so we'll just be iterating on the OS and web/mobile clients in the intervening months before final production launch in May. @Mike That's awesome to hear! Please do keep us in the loop. Email <email> to stay in touch on all things SDK. @Gregory: Sure thing, please pledge the 2x Reward for $798, and send us a message letting us know. Thanks for your support! @Keith The wall mount does support landscape. It's really just a software constraint. When we speak with artists about creating work for EO1, they find that constraint useful. In other words, creating work that makes sense in two orientations is a very different creative process. So this decision was made in the name of making it easy for artists to explore this new form factor and distribution channel. We also believe that users won't really want to stand up and rotate their EO1's as they change between portrait and landscape works. What's important for us is a simple and consistent experience for users, and a platform that encourages creative expression for artists. @Nathan: Nothing to announce quite yet! @Guy: Thanks for the feedback, we're looking into it! @Aaron: Still working that out! Sorry we don't have more info right now. @Mike Thanks for this! We're pumped that you're interested in developing something for EO1! Much of this is still way up in the air, but here are some directional thoughts: 1) There will be very little barrier to hacking on your own EO1. We want to work closely with our developers / artists in the early days, so if there is any kind of barrier, it will only exist to ensure that we have the bandwidth to provide the level of support that we think is critical, and we'll only put it in front of creators who want to list their applications in our "store." 2) Yes, that's the goal! I describe it as "Developer Mode." No reformatting! 3) You can absolutely view an arbitrary URL. It's the Internet! We'll just communicate that we can't guarantee performance, security, stability, etc., but it would be silly for us to presume that we can capture all of the wonderful things on the Internet in one system. 4) Working on this. It's a question of manufacturing / logistical complexity, cost, risk. But stay tuned for more info. 5) Yup! Agreed. That's how we would want to use it. As I said above, building a platform is a constant balance of Open vs. Closed. We want to learn from platforms like Apple and Android, and select the best characteristics of each. We want developers to experiment and users to have a safe and reliable experience. I think we can have our cake and eat it too. @Aaron + @Edward: Sorry for the confusion, and thanks for the follow up! As you might have guessed, much of the software layer is still under development / testing, so we don't have all the answers today. What we know for sure is that we'll support importing artwork from your local disk (via upload) and from the Internet (via tools like Extensions/Bookmarklets). I could also envision investing in something like a bulk uploader tool. We'll know a lot more once this is in users' hands and we're getting their feedback. Porting the OS/application to other hardware is a pretty big investment for us (we're just a few people), so right now we're focused on maximizing performance on our own hardware. Our general feeling is that we should 1) build a really good experience for the 99% of users that want something simple, secure, and easy to understand / use and 2) keep it flexible / open enough to allow developers and artists to surprise us. It's a tricky balance, and requires staying close to our community and digging into conversations exactly like this one, so I really appreciate the feedback. Jake @Pat: Thanks for your note! That sounds fascinating, we'll take a look. @Aaron: Good questions. A guiding principle for this project is to keep it as affordable as possible. Less standard aspect ratios would have been cost prohibitive. The OS is a custom Android designed to run specifically on our hardware, so we can't guarantee performance on other systems. Unfortunately the RPi didn't have the processing power we needed to run a browser and render our test suite of animations and javascript-based visualizations. Developers and artists working with our SDK will be able to load any URL, including local URLs. It's an important part of the development/creative process for our participating creators. Cool, we'll check out Ryan's work! @Takuya: There isn't an HDMI input, all artwork is loaded wirelessly over the Internet. Based on feedback from the campaign, you can count on us exploring multi-screen artwork! @Federico: In our testing, 1080p at 23" is above and beyond, particularly at an average viewing distance of more than 5' @Roderick: The exact product dimensions are 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D (with wall bracket and mounted on wall). The stand will be sold separately. We didn't have it in time for Kickstarter launch, but will keep our backers updated on its availability. @Shaun: Thank you! We're still working with our participating artists, evaluating a handful of different pricing models. You'll be able to build your own collection based on artwork found around the Internet, and the store will have free art as well as paid. @Sam: Thanks! Unfortunately, the price is as low as we could get it, and we don't make a larger profit when more than one unit is ordered, so we decided to just be transparent and make it clear that the price is $299. Hope that makes sense! @Ronald Laudner: Hi Ronald, That's great to hear! Please pledge the 5x reward and make your pledge for $2,495. We'll make a note in your order for the wooden frames. Thanks for your enthusiasm! Jake @Austin: Totally, we're speaking with IFTTT about what that might look like! @Martin: Thanks! @Haytham: It's as wide open as the Internet, for individual use. @Kevene: Yup! And I'm sure others would love to see it as well! @Dax 1) We nixed motion detector because we realized it wouldn't actually solve that problem. For example if someone is sitting still in a room, we don't want to screen to turn off. And we don't want it to appear when someone walks in, that would be distracting. 2) Agreed! That's a fantastic use case and one I hope to explore with our Artists in Residence. 3) It takes about as much as an average lightbulb, but to your first point, we hope to save power by turning it off at night when no one is there to see it. @Simon Agreed! It's really up to the participating artists, so it's something we'll work closely with them to explore. @Simon We're focused first on making sure there is great artwork available for EO1. It's a little more challenging with Chromecast because we don't know the screen size / resolution / etc. But the work won't be exclusive to the platform, so artists are free to repurpose it for other platforms. @Jeffrey Yup! Full support for animated gifs, and subtle dynamic objects like cinemagraphs look really nice. @Garth We're building a storefront where artists can sell their work. We're still working out the pricing model and plan to explore a range of options in the coming months. In addition, there's plenty of freely available artwork available in the public domain that you can draw from. @Joey It will show the most recent object, cached, unless it's powered by real-time data, which is an error state we have to solve for. @Joey Right! Makes sense. You won't need to store locally since it's always connected, but we will cache some things for performance. - Jake @Joey Yup yup! It's the Internet, and we'll have a pretty flexible/open SDK for developers. Generally, I think feeds/slideshows are a bad idea, but if we slow it way way down, it might work. -Jake @Nir 1. We'll include the stands in our store after Kickstarter. Unfortunately couldn't get those ready in time for the campaign. 2. Yes, we will have insurance for the cost of the product. @Shaun Multi-user access is a pretty frequent request among our test users (offices and homes sometimes have more than one person in them I guess), so I think we'll have to tackle it for launch! - Jake Now that the ios app no longer works, you can still control the device from the website. At least for now... <url>’s gone from the store I have no way to get it back. Why did the app need to be removed from the store in the first place, and wouldn’t it have been pretty easy to provide a basic web API for us to use as an alternative? Losing the app’s content is survivable but with no ability to change the current image this thing is just a poor excuse for a painting that wastes energy. Has anyone figured out an alternative to the app? @Nasser: Apparently the app is no longer in the App Store. If you are lucky you can retrieve it from an other/old device using iMazing for macOS or Windows. I can’t find electric objects app in AppStore. Any one have the same problem. Wher can I find it? Does anyone have a still-functional EO1 that they'd be willing to sell? I was watching 2001: A Space Odyssey at 24 frames per hour, but my screen gave out: <url>"will it change on its own?" It would also be nice if you can give us an idea of what your working on for the next update. Thought it worth my time to say that this is really the first Kickstarter that delivered not just what I expected but more. This is a great Kickstarter. Probably the last one I will be on for a while, given how rotten my experience has usually been but you all came in on time and with everything promised. Nice job. I have just used my EO1 for the first time. I am astonished and very disappointed at the very limited options available in the current app...I cannot do anything that i expected, and which should be easily programmable. I doubt that I will use it again, and certainly will not be recommending or showing it to anybody, unless there are major updates in functionality. I backed this project cause a could not find a large digital photo frame. I was disappointed when I couldn't do what I wanted this for and I am. It sure if you will ever implement that feature so I went a made a 32" digital photo frame my self. Up until you add that feature EO1 will stay in box. Can you provide an update on app updates? To @BonanzaNLD point from >1 month ago, the brightness controls leave a lot to be desired. And picture rotation would be a welcome change. I realize things take time but if you could provide a high level overview of expected improvements I think many/most of your backers would appreciate it. Thanks! Yes No Maybe so? Any updates coming soon? Maybe ifttt or artwork collections with slide shows? Thanks and I love my units After a few weeks of usage in my living room, there is one major flaw (and I know it is supposed to be fixed in the apl update): brightness control. Both the OFF function as well as the auto-brightness (I know, it's in beta, but it's way too sensitive. It responds to my tv...) hardly ever give the right brightness. Brightness requirements change throughout the day and l strongly suggest you develop a smart way of controlling it; during the day it's fine, but when the evening arrives, my E01's are bright as a computer screen... I hope for an updated app very soon. Hello,the web interface is merging images uploaded from different people if they pick the same "attributed to" name. There is no warning that this will occur and since I can't seem to delete an image or re-attribute an Artists name once I've uploaded an image I don't know how to fix is as a user. Thanks. Could you please let me know if you're sending these items one by one? I should have got two and I got only one. Thanks @creator: another suggestion. A more versatile scheduler would be useful. I would like to set art for different moments per day/per hour. Or at least have the ability to do so. Got the second EO1 and it works as well as the first one. Thank you guys. Cheers, Sandeep In a darkened room, which is brighter: smart-brightness:high or smart-brightness:low? Hi Jake, Just got it. Looks good. However I had ordered for two black EO1's and I received only one. The funny thing is that the label on the outer carton says qty 2, but weight as 17lb and price as US$299 and the label on the inner carton as EO1-x2 black. So I am not sure where things went wrong. I guess there must have been some error in packing. Please send me the additional one also. Thank you. Cheers, Sandeep @creator, I still need to send you some pics, did not have a chance yet. Also, the brightness levels do not seem to be that 'useful'. Since it depends a lot on where you hang/stand the E01's, could you please consider to add a numerical setting for the brightness level, i.s.o. LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH us any number between 0 and the OFF brightness? Very pleased, unit works great and app easy to use. Looks beautiful, I mounted on wall although I wish the stand had been included with the kickstarter pledges. I guess I am in the same boat with a lot of people, I still have not received my two E01 yet. Still waiting and have not received my EO1 Please could you clarify what is happening Thanks Sandy received my two units today. A-ma-zing. Thanks guys! One note: seems that the border space (between the two plastic parts) is not evenly divided. Not a big issue for me, but it could have been better. I just got the unit. The still images and video loops work great, and sometimes the unit almost looks like genuinely traditional media. I'm mainly interested in running Processing apps, though. Is there a roadmap for the Processing support mentioned in the Kickstarter campaign? I got a few sketches rewritten so they'd work with Processing.js, but the performance on simple sketches isn't great. Thanks. I didn't buy the stand. Will there be any problem leaving the display propped against the wall? Will it stress the display panel? My kids hashad a blast, choosing the picture to display on the wall. :) Been enjoying the unit. Beautifully made and design. I haven't received my 2nd unit yet, any update? Thanks @Andy the bezel is held on by magnets at each of the corners. It allows those that ordered the wooden frame to simply remove it and put the wooden one in its place. Maybe Electric Objects are thinking about making alternative frames in the future and hence the design. On the subject of wooden frames I initially thought that the capacitive touch button would become obsolete for those that have the wooden frame (the frame covers it) but you can actually still turn it off by touching the back. It would be useful to turn the EO1 off/on via the app (maybe for the future). How does the display URL work? Does the engine parse JavaScript? We may be able to hack together a live image that way. Unpacked my eo1 yesterday. The bezels doesn't seem to be securely fastened to the frame. It only seems to be attached at the four corners. The bezel in the center of the frame bulged upwards as I tried to peel off the protective film Does anybody else experience the same issue? Also like to chim in on the need the api to the eo1 or some form of rotating or changing the pictures automatically. At least give us the choice or an api to do so! Lastly, would like to request the ability to post pictures from the Android app itself. I know the web version can do it.. But doing it from the app would be a more seamless solution. Dear Electric Objects, Yesterday the two Electric Objects arrived and I'm very happy how they look and that it was easy to install! Once again, thank you :D Of course, after posting, I found the "Make Art for EO1" page which gives plenty of info on how to roll your own. Thanks for that! Arrived yesterday, unboxed late last night! First, thank you for the great follow through. Despite the delays I never doubted your abilities to complete the project thanks to your updates. Excellent work. Out of the box it's more polished than I ever hoped for upon supporting this project. Very nice work with the setup software working very smoothly and easily. Couldn't want a better experience there. Polish is great. Screen is great, just the right matte and brightness. My 5 year-old son woke up this morning to new art on the wall and was mesmerized. I changed the artwork while he was eating his breakfast, and the WHOA that he gave when he noticed it was different was so great! "Daddy! The picture changed!" He thought it was a print on the wall. It's that good. He stared at it out of the corner of his eye his entire breakfast waiting for it to change. Critiques: This is an expectation on my part, and I honestly can't recall what was promised when or where... but the ability to have the display automatically change at given intervals, be it hourly, daily, whatever... without my intervention, is a major reason I wanted a digital art piece like this in the first place. I'd been waiting for a polished large screen feature specific item like this for MANY years... since the first crappy digital photo frames came out. I want to wake up and be surprised, or come home from lunch and get a jolt from seeing a new beautiful artwork on my wall. That is part of the experience that it seems most want but you seem to think is against the mission of the EO1, at least that's what statements like this from your FAQ sound like: "No. Slideshows are not as awesome as you think." I would much prefer to curate a collection on my phone, and have the frame either rotate or randomly select at given intervals than to have to pull out my phone and change it manually. I'd appreciate the ability to do both. Being able to have "playlists" would another amazing ability. A "rainy day" collection, a "cheer up" collection, a "psychedelic" collection... So I can set a mood with a tap. I can only assume you have experimented with this ability and it ended up not being as awesome as you'd thought. I'm an aerial photographer, and the ability to show off my photos with the above mentioned abilities was the other reason I purchased the EO1. So I greatly look forward to a horizontal mode as well. If the above won't be officially supported... is there or will there be some sort of API notes on how we can fashion such abilities for ourselves? Apologies if this has already been stated, I've tried to keep up but am sure I've missed some notes. Looking forward to easy phone uploads within app as well! IFTTT... YES! Overall, Love it. I'm in no way disappointed and greatly look forward to where you take the curation and the art collections. I hope to submit some myself in the future. Great work, and thanks for all your efforts! If you haven't mounted on a wall yet, do yourself a favor and get some toggle bolts. The design of washers over plastic pulls the barely-there-anyway wall anchors out when you tighten. Found this review of EO that I thought you guys might find pretty funny: <url>"complaint" is that for the price they all should come with a matching stand. I understand the kickstarter is a release price and i'm glad of the savings I got but the power cord hanging down and twisting all over the place, is not appealing. I know it wasn't included from the beginning but I didn't expect the power cord to stick out like a sore thumb. It would have been nice if the power block wasn't... a block, then i could install a recessed outlet right behind the unit but there is no way that is going to fit. On your main website, if you click the "story" text, the image that appears shows the E01 on the wall with no cords, how is this? Almost all of the images are like this (photoshopped I assume, mount on wall, overlay the image in PS). Even in your promo video there are no cords, but on the main kickstarter page that same "story" image now has the cord hanging below the E01. Seeing no mention of an internal battery, which is probably better this way as I would hate to add my pictures to the list of things to remember to charge. Overall, 8/10. -2 points for the stand and cord issues mentioned. Loving the snack machine image! @creator - still nothing :( Hi, could I have a rough estimation of when I might receive my EO1? I live in the UK so I expected not to be the first to receive one. Customs they ask me to pay to remove the product. what happens? Thanks. Hi, any update on my shipment? Thanks. Was working fine a few hours ago for me, but I am now having issues as well. Just received my EO, couldnt wait to use it, but the app reads "Server Error", any suggestions? Received mine in the mail today. Starting using it right out of the box before I hung it up. Very impressed with the easy set up and the variety of artwork available on the site. One thing though: I want to use it to show off some of my own photography I have posted on Flickr. When I put in the URL from Flickr for the piece using the upload function it gets rejected. Is Flickr not supported? (No massive issue if its not--I can just take the pictures from my hard drive and upload them to the Electric Objects page.) The quality of the pictures is very good. I'll be hanging it up later this week. Backed 5, would expect to have recv'd early shipment. Status? Could you please give me a shipping update about my EO...I have not yet received anything and I am starting to be concerned Are you guys offering any promo codes on your website for Kickstarter backers who might want more EO1s? Nice product, but I agree with others that the ability to change art automatically, be it from a museum or a photograph, is a must have. Will be nice when the SDK and other options are available. Hey! I'd like a shipment update. Haven't heard of anything by email. Please help! Thanks. Can I actually put a vote against the slideshow option. People asking for it have been able to buy LCD photo frames for years and probably had no interest in one. The fact you actively decided against EO being a glorified family snaps screensaver is one of the reasons I respected this project so much in the first place and I really think it should at least have 12 months to stand on it's own feet as an art platform before being relegated to just Facebook feed-esque content. Got my EO1 over the weekend. What a great job with packaging and presentation. Very well thought out and secure for shipping. Setup of the EO1 literally took less than 1 minute. I absolutely love it. I'm an amateur photographer and I like to frame my artwork, but this will give me a great opportunity to show my pictures without the cost of framing. The display quality is top notch and it's so easy to upload artwork via the web site. I also like the ability to set a schedule for the unit powering down over night. Nice work design team! @electricobjects No email from Saarim or Electronic Objects. Have checked spam. How are you trying to contact me? The EO1 is simple and looks amazing in my room. It lights evenly from side-to-side and the HD resolution is clear & crisp. It's easy to upload images via a URL. I am very impressed with the packaging. I would add tiny updates to the app like (Delete image, upload via app, collections) - I am overall impressed & super happy with this. @electricobjects I received my EO1 yesterday and I couldn't be happier I felt like a kid at a candy store! Very beautiful product and looking forward to more beautiful things from this great company and staff! I'd also like a shipment update. Haven't seen anything in my email box...please help. Thanks. Could I have a shipment update? I had sent a direct message to the project last week and have yet to receive a response. I urgently need to change my shipping address as I will be moving end of the month. Hi I just got my EO1 and I have to say you guys did great with the packaging. The whole unboxing experience felt very high quality. As for the EO1 itself, I could not be happier! Hi EO, I got my unit and eagerly set it up but it will not connect to Wifi. Have submitted a ticket through your app but didn't get any confirmation or response so...... please help? Hi EO, need your help to check on my shipment. I am oversea backer and yet to receive a shipment tracker :( Loving my EO1, and really appreciate how responsive the team is to questions/comments/concerns both here and via email. That said... I have to ask, is everyone else essentially unable to use gifs? I have huge lag and stutters with most gifs, but I find it so odd that so many images in the activity feed are gifs if everyone is having the same performance issues with them. (As I understand it, the EO1 is presently unable to play most gifs without stutters - looking forward to the software update that will hopefully address this.) I have to say that Annie's wooden frame is the icing on the cake. At times I forget it's a screen ... truly blends in wonderfully with my decor. Kudos to Annie and all the EO team. Would hope that you can make the wooden frame an offering down the road for others to enjoy and perhaps an additional unit for this guy. Look forward to the many software updates!! :) I do have a couple questions: When we upload art it gets stored on your server, correct? How can we take it down / remove it from your server? Also, is there a way to directly load art to the EO1 from a device connected to the same wifi network or bluetooth? Been looking forward to mine arriving... and it came today... screen lovely... but 5 minutes it and it's flickering, and looks almost interlaced... is the screen f***ed or is there something I can do? No shipping notification yet, with only one week to go :( ? Me too! I hope mine gets here soon!! Excited Got my EO1 and wooden frame today. Looks great although I'm regretting getting the white version because the wooden frame, while absolutely gorgeous, is not perfectly straight so there are uneven white borders showing inside the wood frame which are noticeable with a darker image, something that might have not been the case with the black version. Might have to try and fix that myself somehow. Otherwise I'm thrilled with it. Annie did an amazing job with the frame. I absolutely love my wonderful EO. Thank you so much. One suggestion for an added function on app: could you please add a sleep button? Thanks! Thanks for the quick response regarding the Amazon program. It is a great platform to showcase the product. I see that you are selling on Amazon. (search for Electric Objects) 1) Wondering why the item is available to the public (albeit at the higher retail price) before you've shipped to Kickstarters (like me)? 2) Interested in any background you can provide on the Amazon program. For example, is Amazon now getting an allotment of Kickstarter items? Did you work with them on this? The treatment of the page (full width image) suggests this is not just a typical item for sale on Amazon. Thanks. Wait there is monthly fees to view art? I'm hoping this is art from some type of artist or museum? and not mandatory. *dont Also I do remember it mentioned that we would have monthly fees to view the art Yes mine was a black frame too.. Very disappointed. Will have to try and change the colour myself I guess.... I also wondered about the white power cord with a black frame. Was this intended? Thanks. Hi just wondering why I got a white cord? Great hearing everyone's experiences with the EO1. Can't wait to get mine. Any update on how the shipping schedule is going? Haven't received my unit yet, but was surprised to learn from the below comments that images can't be set to change out automatically. Just curious why this straightforward feature wouldn't be available for those who choose to use it. Those who find it a distraction wouldn't have to use it. Backer# 1133 I really hope mine gets shipped this week Thanks for the wishes. While you are considering, if I may suggest, add folders as well so we select which ones to show. One more vote for slide show option. Got my EO1. Very pleased, but I'm having the latency issue others have mentioned (moving images stutter after a few minutes). Should I email or is a solution forthcoming for all? I got mine couple weeks ago, we all love it. One feature I would like to be added is the ability to do a slide show. This past weekend we had our daughters birthday and would have loved to show her pictures over the ages. I know you mentioned you don't like slideshows, but make it an option as i am sure some of us would like to see slideshow once in a while. Hi, I received my EO1 today. You stated the wooden frames will start shipping this week. I am moving on Friday so it really hits the spot, can I change the address for just the frame somewhere? Thanks a ton! Got my EO1. It looks great however I had also pledged for an Annie Raso frame. When will that ship? It was not in the box. Thanks! David I started displaying a moving picture a couple of days ago (see here - <url>"On" sections for each day, Every day can be different. Could you put together some kind of feature request function for the UI? Maybe with voting buttons to help you prioritize? For instance, I'd like to be able to define a sleep-wake cycle for the morning, and another one for the evening. And I'd like to be able to set those up differently on different days of the week. Like a programmable thermostat. I've had my display for a day now and it is fantastic. Packaging was great. Hooking up to my network was trivial. But I am struggling a bit with managing images, and I'd appreciate some more guidance. I've uploaded a couple of my own images and marked them draft, but I can see no way to change that. I actually have two displays so how do I control them independently? There also doesn't seem to be any way to organize your images, and I don't see any links to on line image repositories. Just like you can find music by genre, I'd assumed there would be some way to organize images to make finding the one that fits my mood easier. Is all that coming? Can we get some more handholding on finding, storing, managing, and using images? Hi....Very excited and delighted that you're back on schedule....And I'm hoping that you can tell me when my unit will ship......i.e., where my order fits into the timeline. I was originally supposed to be among the June shipments. I think the EO guys deserve a shout out, not just for delivering with only small delays, but also for the constant, calm feedback provided on this forum. It could be a lot worse - backers of Framed are not having quite the same experience (yup, that's me, too). Kind of late to ask, but are images only loaded via your website. Do they become paperweights if your company and website go out of business? Got shipping notification today (7/7). UPS tracking says it will arrive 7/13. Of those of you that have recieved your EO1 I'm curious to hear feed back. Once I get mine I'll try and post an unboxing video and a review video, since it doesn't seem like anyone else has done one yet. When can I expect delivery? Was early supporter at high level and haven't heard a word from you. Thx No shipping confirmation yet :( cannot wait for delivery... Actually in your last update on June 12th you said shipping would be complete in 4 to 5 weeks. It's been 2 and a half weeks so far. I don't think its to much to ask just to be upfront and honest with the people who helped fund your project. I realize that problems come up things get delayed, but if you let us know on the front end, sure you might have some disappointed supporters but nothing compared to when we are just left trying to figure out what's going on. Backer #1133 still no shipping info or product. Way passed time for an update. Time for an update .... I have a vacation planned the 9th of July through the 22nd if you have not shipped my units by the first of July I ask that you hold my shipment until the 16th or17th of July so I don't have expensive items sitting on my door for weeks thanks. Is shipping still proceeding as planned? How many units have been shipped out now? I still haven't recieved anything. Will the Sleep Schedule and Brightness be added to the Phone Apps? Would be nice to be able to just use the phone app and not have to also use the web. Also, any news on shipping of white displays? I've gotten my Black display with stand and it is looking great. Hi, any news about shipping and delivery time? I need to ask, because we are soon starting holidays and will be only from time to time at home. I am located in Europe so I guess first thing that will happen will be customs departament trying to catch us and charge import fees. It will be complicated because part of the holidays we will spend abroad. Are you able to deliver parcel by July 13th? (I am leaving 1 week for customs departament formalities and actual delivery). My second concern are duty fees. What kind of document will you deliver? (Invoice?) Could you lower total amount, eg. by showing 0 as shipping cost. Can you eventually send a product as prize or gift? And finally: what overseas delivery method did you choose? (I hope it is not some ship :-)) Cheers Asia So just to clarify regarding network folders: I can point EO1 to a network folder and as I add images to that folder, EO1 will automatically display them? Or, I have to manually load each image onto EO1? Sorry for all the questions......I saw a youtube video where it was mentioned that the EO1 could display images based off of input from weather, other api's/external inputs, etc. Is this something that is coming in the future? Also, i know that slideshows are not planned to be an option, but will there be an option to automatically switch artwork periodically (i.e. each day a different random piece of artwork is displayed)? Also is there a way to adjust the brightness or the ambient light settings? I don't see the sleep schedule in the settings menu. Am I missing something here? Can EO1 display images from a network folder? Unit arrived yesterday and was really impressed on how it was boxed. Great work and care on that part. So far everything has been a smooth setup process, everything has worked perfectly. Selecting different art from the iOS app is almost instant(within one or two seconds max). From a technical side was kinda bummed to see it only showing "802.11g". Would have been nice to see an 11n radio. So far everything is perfect. Great job! Great update but can you do another one soon about the app we haven't seen much about how it functions? How about an update!?!?!? If not Artkick, will we be able to stream pictures of our own and from the web or are we reliant on your artist offerings? ( in which case I would greatly regret making this pledge. ) Hi, maybe a bit late, but is it still possible to order the stand? Hi, when will the iOS app be available? Pre shipping email received.....yea... Looking forward to getting my EO1. Sorry if this is an obvious question (I'm way below lo-tech), but will I need to plug the thing in to an electrical outlet? Excited to recieve my EO1. Just wondering if you'd be willing to post dimensions/sizes of the wooden frames? I ordered a plastic but would love to make my own wooden one - "art held by art". Even a how to, on removing/replacing the frame?! Will it be possible to stream Artkick to the EO1? Awesome thank you Insert crickets chirping track here. I'm with Jason. Could you give us an idea when you might be shipping the EO1's. Something general is reasonable and fine. Just checking in wanted to see how production was coming along and make sure we are still getting these in little over a month? Stand update, not frame. Jake, maybe I'm the only one but I've only just found the vines over at <url>"EO1 is designed primarily for the wall, and we view the stand as an accessory for people who want to bring it into their home in a different way." Perhaps, but the product is depicted on the stand more often than it is wall-mounted (I'm on mobile, but in the details for this project, six of the first eight images depict the EO1 on the stand, the reveal in your original video shows the EO1 on a stand several times before we see it wall-mounted). While I do feel you made it clear that the stand would be available later, to me it felt like a rather essential accessory in the way it was marketed and that it would come in at a "no brainer" price point, not ~13% of the price of the frame itself. To then defend the price based largely on the notion that's it's optional seems to run a little counter to the way the product was originally presented. This isn't my area of expertise, but I can't help but think that we wouldn't have been left with a bad impression had you shown the EO1 wall-mounted near-exclusively with one or two images on the stand, not the other way around. Still, I'm hugely excited to get my EO1, my intent here was simply to share a bit of feedback. I'm also disappointed about making the stand an additional $40. It's expensive and regardless of what it is made of it should have been included in the original price point for backers. You want us to spread the good word but, to be honest, this leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I bought my EO1 stand just now, and in my automated receipt it stated my EO1 would ship in September! When did this slip from May for non-Beta backers?? Hi, I have received an email asking if I want to get a stand for E01. But realised that the stand cost $40 and the cheapest shipping cost is $45! Since we already paid shipping cost for our EO1, why can the stand be send together so that we don't need to pay Additional shipping cost? Thanks. Ran across this on Product Hunt and I can't help but see A BUNCH of similarities to Electric Objects's product: <url>"early next week". But still no tracking info yet. When can I get it?? Hi there, any update on when the beta's will be shipped out. I've heard a few times that it will be soon but no tracking info or confirmation yet, assume I'm back of the queue as I'm in London. What wireless band will be supported, 2.4GHz, 5GHz or both? did i mention that it is ludicrously easy to put images on the EO? well it is. my 9 year old figured it out instantly. we were upstairs while he was downstairs changing images. not that he isn't tech savvy. but still. PS By no tape, I am referring to a Kickstarter I had a while back that was sent held together with tape. :( Sorry, got carried away with internal references only I would understand. I got my beta. I'm not sure if it's ok to say anything. Maybe I signed an NDA… I don't recall doing it though! Ok, hope this doesn't upset anyone as I don't intend it to (except for Gleb… curse you Gleb!)!!! Anyway, I am a member of a bunch of Kickstarters, including the colossal failure of ZPM Espresso (give me my money back Gleb!), and this one stands out as having brought product to completion quickly and with high quality. The packaging is top notch. The unboxing experience and setup are flawless. These guys did a good job. No glitches. It just worked. No tape, no crap. My only question was why they even needed Kickstarter for something this ready for prime time. This does NOT look like a beta product. It's finished. High quality. Honestly, I found it more finished than any new Apple product (which always have show stopper bugs of some kind). Disclaimer: I own lots of Apple stock and have no investment in EO except for this one beta unit which I paid for as did any of you. Just give me landscape mode and I'll be super, ultra, mega happy! @jason thanks looks like my unit gets here monday according to both UPS and the eo team. better than most kickstarters, i expect!!! @ken if you look back to comments 7 days ago from this one you will see they are still on track to ship in May Y/n maybe? That was it just good to hear we are still on track Production update and shipping for non beta backers Any update when the remaining beta units are shipped? Hope your event is going well today but I was wondering if we will see a production update soon thanks So as a beta backer, I'm assuming I'll get a unit soon. As an artist, I'm expecting I'll be able to create works for it. Where can I find out about what steps I'd take to get my art onto the EO? ..Ignore my previous comment... Just read that landscape isn't instantly supported. Unless I make images and rotate them i guess? One other question, could I wire this up to a Belkin Wemo so that it only turns on when someone is nearby? i.e. what is the startup time from sleep, if such a thing exists Looking forward to receiving this, one question (hopefully not too stupid) but can it be displayed 'landscape' too? Just thinking for adding some of my own artwork to it ^at What's the end of the cord? A wall wart or a plug? I'm sure this has been covered somewhere, but as a beta tester in the greater NYC area, I'm hoping to get my EO1 soon and just realized… What about that pesky cable? There must be some strategies for dealing with it that you've come up with. I have a few plugs in the house that are at rather odds levels and perhaps could be taken advantage of. Plus, I have a GC in the house who could install a plug at an odd height. @ creator, Hello! You mentioned the "resolution is 1080p (1080x1920) and brightness is 300 nits." any idea on the contrast ratio? And what other characteristics does the display have? TFT/IPS/LED/etc. . I'm looking at where it will go, like a sunny room, near a window, and want to compare it to what I know thus far. Thanks! Hey guys, congratulations on the progress! It says you are compiling a bunch of art from libraries artists ect. when do you think it will be available/ where will I be able to access this archive?? Kickstarter Backer Survey response link, sent out Nov 24th seems to be broken. Kickstarter glitch? Any additional information on offering some type of stand for the EO1, for those of who prefer not to hang it on a wall? Thanks. Just received your email stating that the wooden frame will be shipped separately and to choose a colour of white or black which it will be attached to. Not sure this is what was offered and sounds a lot like it's going to be bolted on to the standard frame? Is this correct and if it it I assume it will make the whole thing protrude? I'm also being asked to attach it! Updates anyone?? Thanks for the update. You said you ordered the LCD panels-what is the display resolution and brightness (in nits or lumens)? I have faith in the E01 love - but would like a little update love I am getting concerned. Am I the only one? I'm wondering the same... Maybe I completely missed something, but where are the updates on production, suppliers, developments, last minute changes etc? Where is that eagerly awaited update? Okay, great! Any progress on the development? Not sure if anyone here has done a comparison between EO and FRAMED2.0 which is also available on KS. By the way, I am one of thee many thousands EO backers here. :P Are preorders via the website billed now or at shipping time? How much would it be to replace the bulb or whatever goes out after the 30k ish hours? For the Awake and sleep times, I would love for the device to have a gradual transition (like a fade in/fade out) I have another digital frame-type device and it is quite jarring to have it suddenly spring awake in the wee hours of the morning. Along those lines, does the device have brightness settings, or an ambient sensor? I heard in the video that it is designed to "fade into the background" How does it adjust to different lighting conditions? Congrats! Looking forward to having Electric Objects in my life. @Creator thanks! And congratulations with the fantastic result! More than 30x the original goal! Congrats, Electric Objects! My "Slideshow pacing" desire is once every 24hours. I would love to just set it to a flickr album and have it randomly pick a new image every 24 hours. @creator In addition to the question of Richard below, you mention in your FAQ: "We will know the time of day, and we can offer settings to control "Sleep" and "Awake" modes". Will we be able to set on and off schedules ourselves? A simple sleep/awake would not suffice, since I have different needs for weekdays and weekends. As long as I can set the on/off hours per day, the 15000 hours lifetime are fine for me. If the panels have 15000 hours. And I have it on every day, it lasts only 1,5 year. Can it not be increased? Wait - I'll have to change images manually? Can you confirm this as if true I'm afraid its a deal break for me. I was hoping to use this as a way of displaying random pictures from my collection. Is this possible? :( you answered everyone's question but not mine.. What's the total weight? I've read almost all the comments so I know this has been hashed over, but I just wanted to put my vote in now for how important landscape will be to me. I didn't pledge initially because of the lack of commitment to a landscape display option, but have changed my mind after reading recent comments and hope that it becomes a priority very soon after release. I plan on using this as a business display for photography and a majority of my photos are landscape orientation. Thanks and looking forward to hearing more as it develops! Do you guys have an estimated lifetime on the display, aka 10000 hours rated from the manufacturer? any idea on the weight? Hi,nice idea ! Being a photographer,I am interested in the potential of the display as an high-tech photo frame. I'm wondering how easy will it be to set slideshow settings ? Will we be able to fetch photos from flickr for example ? Basically,will we be able to use the display as a frame for the thousands of pictures that sits in our computer ? Thanks and good luck ! I was wondering if i would be able to stream gifs or images from a webpage or meta page? for example i could get gifs from <url>"upgrade"? If so, I might have to pledge for two units now! 2 Questions I had that might have already been answered. Any chance of being able to store personal photos on the frame itself without having to upload the pictures to the cloud or have a html site? Also are you planning on being able to schedule the time it is on each day? It would be nice to schedule it to turn on and run for x hours per day so when you are sleeping at work it is off. Very excited to back this project. Question - I wasn't given an option to choose my color (black or white). Will I still be able to make a selection before shipment? Im also from australia. Is the power supply inbuilt or will it be external? Plugpack style or laptop style? Cheers Agree with Jeffrey I'm from Australia and would like to have a slim plug that won't need me to have a big adaptor Excellent project, glad it will be funded, and look forward to getting one. One suggestion/plea. Please make the power cord/transformer so that it is easy to change what type of outlet it can plug into (US, Australia, UK, Europe, etc), and that it accepts 110-240V. Just like how Apple does it with their power cords: removable plug, which can be changed depending on region, or so a longer power cord can be used. Not only a great design, but better for the environment. Thanks. Thank you. The upload of personal pics on the EO1 will be possible in both ways (web app and IOS/Android App) directly from our smartphone? And will EO1 support landscape orientation? Thank you Hi. I have a few questions: - What does the EO1 use as the front material; Any protection, like glass in front of the display? - Will we be able to turn the unit(s) off -and- on remotely? - Will we be able to set a schedule when we want the unit on? - The size you mentioned of 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D, is that also the size with the wooden frame? Thanks Thank you. But if I upload one of my picture, will this be uploaded just on my EO1 or is it uploaded on a cloud and visible from everyone? So is it an upload function integrated in the IOS app? Thank you Maybe a silly question, but does it produce any sound? Because it would be quite annoying if you hear a fan blowing or anything. Most of the photos show the frame without the cord (in a showroom setting). Can you provide a few of what a potential real-life set up may look like? with all the cords exposed etc. Thanks. An easy way to have a photostream or an album of photos cycle through would be appreciated; emphasis on the easy. Would you consider adding a sensor(s) as a stretch goal? Such as motion or sound, so artists could create interactive pieces. Thanks! Will handle 120 - 220 V also for Eu Customers? Thank you Hi Just want to know the exact weight and size of the item Hi, sorry, how do i upload my pictures (maybe from my iphone pictures) on EO1 if my images (as the iphone pictures) don't have an URL? Thank you I am a picture framer in the UK, I kinda had this a similar idea years ago and have currently framed monitors, large flat screens and the smaller electronic picture frames. It would seem that a custom made frame could be added to the existing frame of the EO1. Having now got one of these on order, as a backer, I am looking forward to hanging it in my small gallery workshop.....if it takes off what are the chances of buying wholesale? One further question from me, how difficult will it be to put my own custom frame on instead of the one that it comes with? Will it be as easy as basically a reasonably standard picture frame (if they made them in the size & ratio used)? 2-4GB is kinda low, depending on how much space is available to the user. However, given that the panel size is lower resolution than most high-end photography, just resize it down to the panel size and you'll save a ton of space. I imagine most artwork specifically made for this will simply be the resolution of the panel, which even at lossless compression will be fairly small. @Edward 60MB PNGs would be huge resolution, why would you use such high resolution on a 1080p panel? Otherwise, technology-wise, I'd think it'd work with 1GB of RAM available and dual-core Cortex-A9 CPUs. It wouldn't open them all up at once, it'd do them one at a time, or at most the current and next one. You wouldn't have them all opened in memory at the same time. @Richard It's not purely the weight, it's the size. These are 23" panels, which means you're probably dealing with effectively a 25-27" panel when you add the framing. I'd guess at probably 15-20 pounds, maybe more, and a pretty good sized box. Isn't $200 not a bit too much for sending two Electric Objects to Europe? I mean, what does it weigh? i would highly recommend considering integrating a SDHC slot. 2-4GB is barely enough for high res images nowadays. if cost is a factor - how about upping the capacity to a more palatable 16GB. that should be sufficient for most users imho. thanks. and i'd like to ask again: and do you forsee any difficulty if the device was to open say a sequence of 60MB PNG images and display as a slideshow may i know how much storage does this device have? and do you forsee any difficulty if the device was to open say a sequence of 60MB PNG images and display as a slideshow Re: the portrait orientation - I'd like to offer a comparison to a window. Perhaps most windows in buildings are of portrait orientation (though maybe not this slim), so the E01 could have a lot of art that looks like a window into another place, a fantasy environment. That could be a cool kind of new thing. Maybe it could be differentiated from just a cropped image via some hints that it's showing a scene outside of a house (like the subtle shadow of a canopy projected on the ground) or a slow pan from left to right & back, with a bit of a perspective tilt like someone who is rotating his head, looking from side to side. This is where I would actually like some speakers on the thing.. Even if it's a very terrestrial scene, like a beach, it could be accompanied by an immersive soundtrack of ocean sounds, which would still fit a lot of your abstract goals, like being ambient, not intrusive, soothing, etc. Since you support Bluetooth, I figure I'll just do that with a Bluetooth speaker or something (or maybe USB? or maybe I can use an internal USB header if you guys leave any exposed on the motherboard? ha). Electric Objects guys: maybe check out <url>"landscape" in "imaginarylandscapes" vs. portrait orientation) Hi, when you say "we'll support importing artwork from your local disk (via upload)" are you saying this device has built-in memory? Any support for NFS/SMB shares? And finally "We'll know a lot more once this is in users' hands and we're getting their feedback." - do you mean this device will be shipped incomplete - and we risk having a limited feature set as your earliest supporters? Thanks @ElectricObjects Thanks for the reply, I understand your reasoning within the context you describe. To me 1920x1080 feels like primarily a landscape resolution designed for TV/movie viewing, and unfortunately seems too awkward in the portrait orientation. But I accept that I am in the minority. Anyway, I wish you luck going forward; you have a great success on your hands! Being a current backer for the wooden frame version, could I add an additional $299 for a black frame one (combo pack: wooden frame and black frame)? If so, I need to save up some money quick. Thanks for the answer - and it sounds like a great answer! I don't know exactly why I was unsure about whether you would limit the art to a curated set.. I think the "explore and display thousands of objects" might have thrown me off, and I suppose I just didn't know how Apple-fisted you guys were wanting to play it. So I had to ask. I also saw the "view anything with a URL" and wasn't sure exactly how to reconcile those statements, guessing how it might be implemented. It seems fine now; I don't think you need any more explanation for me. I will probably be making a web-app platform that will be done slightly before your release, then I'm willing to spend maybe a few spare-time-in-the-evening weeks porting it to E01. I will let you know (or let someone on the team know) when I've got something. Thanks, Mike I'm glad I read the comments - this doesn't support landscape mode? Wow. That instantly rules out at least half of all available art. Not only is landscape support vital but a wall- mount that swivels to take advantage of it. That would be an astonishing product. As it is now, the aspect ratio of your portrait mode seems too tall. How black are black bars if the aspect ratio of the image doesn't match? I'm on the fence for now but waiting to be convinced. No mention of stretch goals yet? Very pleased to have backed this. As with most art I've displayed, I opted for a black frame, which will mount on a white wall. PLEASE let me have have a white power cord! Thanks EO, I do understand about focusing on a single platform for the moment :) However, there's still the lingering questions about the panel, color gamut, color calibration. And you say local content (e.g. saved to the device), but what about local network shares like SMB? Will you have support for that? I hope you can reconsider supporting the option of landscape format in your app. With the form factor, the ability to show the wide view opens up new possibilities, and would be a great platform to showcase panoramic landscape photography. Hi. Thanks for making this - it seems fantastic. I have wanted to build something like this for years, for my own use, and this is going to be better, less expensive, and less hassle! I am looking forward to it. I am also a software developer, and I was planning on making a web app for my own version of this. So I suppose I will be using your SDK. I'll keep my questions and comments simple for now: 1) Is there any barrier to entry for getting the SDK? Would it cost money, for example? 2) Do you think it will be easy to run this in 'SDK mode' and regular-user mode, so that I can easily switch to enjoying the curated art without having to reinstall/reformat something? 3) Please consider allowing the viewing of arbitrary URLs without the SDK.. I have no aspirations of distributing my project for personal gain, but it seems that art is so personal and widely variable, it would be a shame to limit it to a seemingly strictly controlled set of possibilities. I'm all for the high quality that expert curation can give - I am just also a proponent of user choice. 4) Please allow us to order a black frame with a white cord, or vice versa. 5) Personally, I would love the freedom to use the device however I want, going to whatever URL, installing a web server so I could serve from localhost, etc. I would very much appreciate that and I know that many developers would, also. I hope it's not going to come with heavy-handed, arbitrary disabling of such features out of the box. So please keep that in mind as a possible use case. Thanks, Mike Follow up, along with Edward: URL is much different than SMFS/NFS/etc. Or even a USB drive plugged in (don't know if there are plans for that or not). Please be more exact, or at least say you're still working on it or have plans, but initially won't support it. And, how will content be checked for a 'feed'? Will it require going through your cloud service? Or will we be able to have our own custom one(s) that we enter locally? Please tell us how any 'cloud' service tie-ins, specifically your own store & such. As for the display, yea, I figured it was something like that for the aspect ratio. Thoughts/plans on a future version, if you're rather successful with this after the kickstarter, with different ratios? And some specs on display gamut, type, and backlighting type would be handy. Especially display gamut, as that could be quite important for some artists/photographers. Speaking of which, while it won't really be perfect as it's not in it's final lighting environment, will these panels be color calibrated before being shipped? Will there be any provisions to calibrate the display by the end-users? Last, again, is this just a small bit of an application framework on top of Android which likely is easily ported to *nix? Or is it more than that and inexplicably tied to Android? And totally understand about the RPi. For any major animations (via JS or such), I figured the CPU wouldn't keep up. But do you have any thoughts on releasing it for hardware which does have enough horsepower? How about something like the HummingBoard (<url>"app store" for the art to have access to free art as well as art to buy? Very exciting project! Do you have any details on product dimension, weight and thickness? Also if I would like the stand option, should I include it in the pledge? Love it and preordered. But.. have you considered using a higher definition LCD panel, Retina like? When I look at art... I love to get close and get every single detail: the "standard" HD 1080 resolution might be not enough on a 23". Thanks! I'm interested in five of Annie's frames for my Pledge... Is that appropriate and what would I do to upgrade? Thanks! Totally cool. Any more detailed specs on color uniformity / quality / bit depth? What panel are you using? 1. can this play a slideshow of posters stored on a home server? 2. will there be a sd card slot? I noticed all the promo material shows the EO1 in portrait, can it be displayed in Landscape? What I wanted to display my own artwork; what I be able to do that? Hi can I show my kids photos on EO1 from my MacBook Pro or my iPad Air or iPhone 5 or iPhone 6 or my Gopro hero +3 black ? Thanks Nice idea. I did a bit the same with a digital picture frame that I managed to tweak the frame for another one made of wood. Look much better and more style. I could see some pretty neat IFTTT integration. If temperature drops below 20 degrees show warm beach photo. If forecast calls for rain show rain cinemagraph. If Wemo at front door detects motion turn on. If door sensor opens turn on. If I haven't worked out in three days show the statue of David. It could really add a lot of functionality for those that want it without compromising the device itself for those that don't. I'm pre-ordering one, because I've been thinking about this for years so I'm happy someone else has (almost) done it so I don't have to. A motion detector in the frame would be nice to power down the screen when no one has been around for a while. For people with more then 1 frame let them lay them out like a multi monitor setup, so once you lay out your frames, you could have say have an OpenGL fish swim from one to the next on top of your art. Years ago I swapped out all my light bulbs for LEDs to save power, so I'm wondering how much power this will take. my worst LEDs lights take 10 watts, most take 6-8 @ElectricObjects I appreciate that and definitely want you to focus on the EO1 first. Still, if you assume a standard television at 1080p, you can use the same app that you built for the EO1, but add the ability to Chromecast as well. I know you are designing art for 23" 1080p, built on web technologies, so this is not quite the stretch that it may seem. The EO1 may be the flagship product, but bringing more art into our homes is surely a worthy cause. :-) Since you are building a store of art, have you considered a Chromecast app to let people show this art on their televisions as well? Very interested in this! I'm a fulltime photographer who loves animated gifs. I do a lot of weddings and love making cinemagraphs for my clients. Will your device run the .gif format? I share them here: <url>"share" the screen out to other people that have the App to load different things on to it? Amazing! Two questions: -how do i add a stand? -will international shipping have insurance? it's a large, fragile, expensive item to ship... SNAG! Congrats, you guys!