Welcome to ZionEyez on Kickstarter! Thank you for your interest in our product! We are ecstatic to deliver you a pair of Eyez™ and can’t wait for you to start recording. Best Regards, ZionEyez The facts: Our engineering team at ZionEyez is currently developing Eyez™, the latest innovation in personal video recording technology. Eyez™ embeds a 720p HD video camera within a pair of eyeglasses designed to record live video data and take pictures. The recorded data can be stored on the 8GB of flash memory within the Eyez™ glasses, transferred via Wifi/Bluetooth or Micro USB to a computer, or wirelessly transferred to most iPhone or Android devices. After a one-time download of the “Eyez™” smartphone and tablet app, users can wirelessly broadcast the video in real time to their preferred social networking website. Currently, the most popular way to record mobile video is via smartphone or digital camera. However, while the online social network platforms are excellent for receiving the video, physically recording the video remains problematic. Many recorded video streams are short, largely because it is uncomfortable for users to continuously hold their cameras up for longer than a few minutes. Also, users are forced to watch the event they are recording through the miniature mobile phone screen, rather than enjoying the action as it unfolds in front of them. Eyez™ solves both of these problems. Now users can comfortably record live video completely hands-free, and without the burden of watching it through a tiny screen. Users can simply tap the power sensor, open the Eyez™ app (or not), and then forget about it. Several networking sites, including Qik and LiveStream, will broadcast to users profiles' and save the videos to cloud storage. If users prefer not to broadcast the video to the internet or to their mobile, the data will automatically save to the built-in flash memory, allowing for an easy upload later via Micro USB or Bluetooth. While employing cutting-edge technological advances, Eyez™ glasses are also practical for daily use. Users can choose from high quality removable lenses in both clear and shaded tones. In addition, the shape of Eyez™ glasses is extremely popular, so most optical stores can easily fit the appropriate prescription lenses. Imagine yourself recording exactly what your "Eyez™" see, whether it be worldly travels or a college lecture, no memorable event will be lost. No other product in existence can deliver you such a first person video recording experience. Our Team: At ZionEyez we have a team of the most talented engineers in the micro video recording technology field. Joe Taylor, our Chief Technology Officer is an engineer who has designed many consumer electronics products, including products for the FLIP line of video cameras. Joe studied Engineering at Purdue University where he recieved his B.A. of Science. Joe is working closely alongside many of his former colleagues from FLIP who specialize in the hardware and software development of personal video recording technology. Leading the ZionEyez team as CEO is Carlos Becerra, he was formally educated at University of California San Diego where he received a Bachelor of Science in Economic Management Science. He later acquired his J.D. from U.C. Hastings College of Law. Our Mission: Our mission is to revolutionize the way people share the most significant experiences in their life. We are idealists who know that people value memories most. ZionEyez provides a solution for capturing these moments without compromising convenience or style. Your support: ZionEyez has carefully assessed all of the possible options for getting the Eyez™ glasses to the market as quickly as possible. It has drawn an enormous amount of attention from some of the worlds biggest technology companies. We've discussed possible partnerships and other options with these companies, but we have decided to grow organically. Eyez™ glasses are a grassroots project. By keeping it that way, we can maintain the quality and style that our customers deserve, while keeping the cost affordable. We have a motto at ZionEyez; it is “Join the Movement.” When you pledge towards this project you are becoming an integral part of the next revolution in personal video recording technology. We greatly appreciate all of your support! Welcome to the movement. Eyez™ Patent Pending Visit us at "www.zioneyez.com" Technical update: Zeyez is very excited to announce that it continues to grow its engineering team. Zeyez now has top quality engineers working full-time on Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Software &amp; Firmware development of the glasses. We are all working together to finalize the design of the Zeyez circuit board, ensuring that we have all the electrical features we need in the smallest physical size possible. So far we are happy with how the design is shaping up. We’ve been able to eliminate a lot of bulk in the earpiece areas and hinge areas, which contributes to a sleek, discrete pair of glasses. ME next steps: Finalizing the hinge. We must ensure that the electrical cabling running through the hinges does not bind or break as it bends through the earpiece. We’ve designed a hinge that should perform well, we are preparing to test this hinge design to ensure that it can handle 100,000 folding and unfoldings of the earpieces without breaking any wires inside) Review molding strategy for power wiring. We’ve devised three unique methods for transferring electrical power from our battery in the left earpiece to our circuit board and camera in the right earpiece. We’ll be reviewing these methods with our potential manufacturers in China to develop a production process for running this power bus through a thin sunglass frame. EE next steps: Finalize camera module selection. We’re currently evaluating camera modules, with the goal of final selection within the next 4 weeks. Finalize CPU selection. We’re currently evaluating 2-3 promising CPUs for the on-board Zeyez circuit board. Some processors offer more power at the expense of a larger, less sleek circuit board. Other designs are a little slower, but also smaller and less power hungry. Antenna placement and evaluation. We need to verify that our antenna gives us the wireless streaming performance that we need, despite being a very small antenna. We’re evaluating a few different antennas in a few different locations within the right earpiece. Our goal is to maximize streaming performance over BlueTooth4.0, while minimizing the SAR (specific radiation absorption) exposed to the wearer of Zeyez glasses, we still have a lot of testing to do here. SW FW next steps: Our SW/FW team is currently working closely with the EE team to implement streaming to our Zeyez system over Bluetooth 4.0, using Android and iOS platforms. Currently, the development tools available for Windows Phone don’t appear to allow us to implement our app on their platform. We are also building the look and feel of the Zeyez App (designing the controls that will allow you to record, review, and livestream with Zeyez through the App). Schedule update: We have an additional 8-12 weeks of designing and testing we need to conduct before our design will be ready to give to our manufacturers for mass production. At this point, we need to make a very large investment with our manufacturing partner to build and buy the tools and equipment we need for mass production, as well as pay for the electrical parts (batteries, cameras, flash memory) for our first production run. This is a significant cost (over US 1M), so we need to make sure we have the design 100% right before this important point in the project. After we’ve kicked off our first mass production run, it will take our manufacturer an additional 12-16 weeks to get their assembly lines built, tuned-in, and up to speed. During this time, we will be assembling small batches of Zeyez eyewear to test out the assembly lines as they come together. We are planning on building these pre-production glasses for our Kickstarter fans, ensuring that you get your Zeyez eyewear as soon as possible and well before mass-market availability. 24-30 weeks from now, our manufacturer should be able to ship us the first mass produced batch of Zeyez eyewear ready for sale. We can’t wait to get there, we’re working as fast as we can to build our team and get these glasses out to the world as soon possible. Dear Kickstarter Backers - Your support has been the driving force behind the Zeyez production, and we appreciate the momentum our Kickstarter community has given us! We have received numerous emails and offers of assistance from our Kickstarter supporters since our last update. We greatly appreciate all the feedback that you have given us and would like to increase the dialogue between us in the most positive way possible. Your concerns regarding a shipping date have not fallen on deaf ears. As mentioned in the previous update, the engineering process has taken longer than we originally anticipated and as a result we've had to postpone our target shipping date of Zeyez to you. We have been hesitant to offer a new tentative shipping date without being certain that we can fulfill by that date. Rest assured that we will be sending a shipment update featuring a precise list of production timeframes from the Zeyez engineering team soon. In a previous update, we shared with you a recognition we received from the World Technology Network, a nomination as a top 5 finalist for most innovative IT Hardware of 2011. In light of our previous award, we would like to officially announce that Zeyez has also been recognized as a top 3 finalist by the Edison Awards for most innovative photography/video product of 2012! We would like to share this exciting accomplishment with all of you, and thank you for helping us make it a reality. To further our goal of increasing dialogue with you, we would like to get feedback from you in regards to the Zeyez smartphone application. We would like to hear your input on what features you'd like to see in the final product. Please share your insights so we can incorporate your feedback now and create the best smartphone application available! Here is a basic list of the functionality of the Zeyez application that we believe is crucial: 1. Direct synchronization with social media websites for sharing video (Facebook, YouTube, Livestream, JustinTV, Ustream) which would provide the ability to either livestream video or upload recorded video. 2. View finder for easy video review. 3. Seamless video editing which would provide the user with the ability to upload portions of recorded video. 4. The ability to synchronize the application with not only Zeyez products but also with the camera embedded in your smartphone. Please feel free to post any recommendations on this Kickstarter update or email them to <email> . Don’t forget - you are the architects of RevolutionZeyez. Issue #2 -- February 14, 2012 Announcing the 2012 Edison Award Finalists 133 Outstanding New Innovations Recognized In a press release yesterday, the Edison Awards announced the 133 nominees that were ranked as the top three Finalists in their respective categories in the 2012 Award competition. These lucky nominees, as judged by a panel of more than 3,000 professionals from the fields of product development, design, engineering, science, marketing and education, represent a broad spectrum of innovation and creativity across 15 categories. "The Edison Awards provide an exclusive platform for honoring innovation, recognizing innovators, and encouraging ongoing innovation among today's development teams, researchers, designers, 'intrapreneurs' and entrepreneurs. We're inspired by our 2012 finalists and delighted to have this opportunity to recognize and promote the outstanding accomplishments they represent," says Thomas Stat , the 2012 Edison Awards Steering Committee Chairman. The Edison Awards™ are among the most prestigious accolades honoring excellence in new product and service development, marketing, human-centered design and innovation.Unique to the world of award programs, the Edison Awards are focused on the innovators as much as the innovations.Award winners represent "game changing" products, services and excellence and leadership in innovation around four criteria: Concept, Value, Delivery and Impact .An Edison Award represents significant value to the award winner and to the cause of innovation. For a complete list of the top 133 Finalists, click here. Dear Kickstarter Backers- We are extremely pleased with the progress we have made within the past 6 months in developming Eyez prototypes, establishing partnerships, and creating a road map that will supersede your expectations. Below are links to an early prototype overview featured on Engadget and sample videos uploaded from our very own Eyez! Engadget Article: <url>’ creators say they make a handy alternative to smartphones. Enjoy action as it unfolds without having to worry about wielding a miniature camcorder. Possibilities are theoretically endless though, potentially allowing anyone to embark on a second career as a private eye, or bring friends along on their next panty raid. <url>’ve been waiting for an affordable pair of spy glasses that can transmit video in real time. My wait looks like it may be over very soon. Seattle startup ZionEyez is building momentum to launch their Eyez video recording glasses this year. The Roy Orbison looking Eyez will feature a 720p HD recording camera, microphone, Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity, 8 GB flash memory, and three hours of battery life. Using an iPhone or Android app you can transmit what your Eyez record directly to the web, or you can save and upload it later using a microUSB port. Take a tour of the Eyez in the animated video below. As part of their KickStarter funding project, you can get a pair of these video glasses for just $150 (shipping winter 2011), or wait until after July 31st for the general retail release at $200. *Due to the overwhelming popularity of the Eyez, the KickStarter project has already met its goal of $55,000 – it took less than eight days!* These glasses are just plain awesome, and I can’t wait until mine arrive. With devices like these I think we’re moving ever closer to a world where everything you do is being recorded and shared as it happens. Lifelogging, thine name is Eyez. ZionEyez is currently in the process of formalizing their optical choices, so there’s no sample of the video Eyez will record. Still, the following animation is a great overview of the general style of the glasses, and the specs of the equipment that will be onboard. What we do know about the Eyez is that they will record in 1280x720p HD video at 30 frames per second using a wide angle lens to capture a good view of what you’re seeing. The LED indicator light for recording will only flash once, and it will be internalized so only the wearer sees it – you’re friends won’t know they’re on camera! Talk about spy glasses. There’s also Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity so you can transmit data to your smart phone of choice and from their to Qik or Livestream and onward to Facebook, etc. Audio is recorded at 128 kb/s (reasonable quality) for a total stream with video around 15 Mbps. Not a bad setup and with a three hour battery life (and 8GB of memory), you’ll get plenty of power to handle webcasts. Would you notice that HD camera? Me neither. Spy glasses, FTW. But that’s just one application. The ZionEyez vision includes replacing/augmenting mobile video recording. Right now when you want to snap a pic or record something on the go, you probably use either your phone or some dedicated camera (let’s say a Flip). How long can you hold that gadget up before your arms get tired? How involved can you be in what’s happening when you have to track what you’re seeing through the display of your mobile device? With Eyez you get a hands free first person view that’s both discreet and easy to share. Epic win in my book. Now some hardcore video jockeys out there aren’t going to be satisfied with just 3 hours of recording per charge. For you, the microUSB port on ZionEyez will be a means of extending record time (through an external battery), as well as possibly transferring data onto different platforms (backup drive, etc). What this means is that whether you are an avid lifelogger, or just someone who wants a better mobile video solution, Eyez has something to offer. Which I think means ZionEyez has a really good chance of succeeding. Their KickStarter page agrees. In the time it took me to write this article they received $2000 in pledges. They’ve already met their goal of $55k, and they have more than 50 days left to go in their pledge drive! In interest of full disclosure, I was one of the people who’s pledged money to the project – the offer for $150 HD spy glasses was just too good to pass up. Singularity Hub’s Keith Kleiner also pledged for a pair of these glasses. (And that offer should still be good up to July 31st…so, you know…don’t miss it). A better look at the microUSB port, which again, is probably going to be unnoticeable to the casual observer. We’ve covered several different video recording glasses in the past. Most, however, are aimed at the outdoor sports enthusiasts, and few are offered as cheaply as $150. What really makes me think that the Eyez could be a breakout gadget, however, is that it looks like it will have the right combination of appearance and performance. The Ray-Ban style frames will pass unnoticed in most social situations, especially as you can swap out clear or shaded lenses as you like (you could also easily fitt prescription lenses). The connectivity through a smart phone matches up with the planned user base very well, as does their vision for linking these glasses directly to the social network. Eyez seem to be custom fit to sell well. Indeed, $55k in eight days means they already have succeeded as a KickStarter project. Now, as cool as Eyez may appear, there’s still plenty of reasons to be cautious. That animation video is great, but it’s not a real product. Is it vaporware? Well, the cynic in me says it’s too early to say otherwise, but ZionEyez CTO, Joe Taylor, is coming from Flip, a company that made millions on mobile cameras , and I don’t think there’s anything in this build that would be impossible or undeliverable at this price. Should we be concerned that Eyez is coming from a crowd sourced project rather than a big name distributor? Maybe. But it could also just be a sign that bright young entrepreneurs know that there’s more money to be made the longer they stay independent. You know, I already pledged money to these guys, so maybe I’m biased. Look over their site, their project page, their specs, and decide for yourself. What I’m certain of is that this kind of product – camera glasses that blend in and allow for easy hands free recording – is going to be hitting the mainstream, and soon. There are many companies entering this field, including big names like Polaroid, and roughly similar devices are already on the market. In the next few years the number of people wearing video glasses is likely to expand from celebrities like Lady Gaga to thousands of average people looking for an easy way to share their lives. That may excite you, it may you make you paranoid about privacy, or it may strike you as silly. Doesn’t matter. Get ready for everything you see to be on the social network. The future of mobile recording is very near. Thanks for your Support! -The ZionEyez Team Popular Science, July, 2011 Issue, “What’s New” Section, Page 15 LOOKING GLASSES By Corinne Iozzio <url>“A pair of camera equipped shades makes video-sharing as easy as walking down the street. Rather than let life pass you by, save it. With the camera-equipped Eyez glasses, users can share point-of-view video without the clunky cameras and nettlesome file transfers that rabid uploaders typically endure. The Ray-Ban-style shades capture an extra-wide 130-degree field of vision through a half-inch fisheye-like lens, which is masked as a grommet on the right side of the frame. A 0.2-inch high-def sensor captures images, and then a low-power one-gigahertz processor compresses the video. The foot-age is either saved into onboard flash memory or beamed from a 2.4 gigahertz Wi-Fi/Bluetooth radio to your smartphone. An app controls the camera remotely and acts a host through which footage streams to Facebook, YouTube or the Eyez homepage. The setup gets power from a molded lithium-polymer battery in the frame’s left arm. As cellular radios continue to shrink and become more efficient over the coming years, Eyez may eventually be able to connect, stream, and share from anywhere without relying on a cellphone." By Corinne Iozzio Popular Science, July, 2011 Issue, “What’s New” Section, Page 15 <url>"I just got off the phone with Carlos Becerra, the CEO of a new company,Zioneyez, which will be offering an intriguing product this coming summer that I think is going to be big. Moreover, I believe that it’s going to trigger a wave of similar products and the market they create will have a huge impact on our society. What will the company be selling? Glasses. Yep, that’s a lot to hope for some specs but here’s what makes them special: The Zioneyez glasses, which look somewhat like RayBan Wayfarers, with removable UVA/UVB blocking lenses (you’ll be able to use prescription lenses too), will have a built-in video camera which is more-or-less completely hidden in the frame. And it’s not just any camera; oh no, the specs (or perhaps that should be “spec specs”) claim that it will offer 720p HD video and will be able to record for three hours on the built-in 8GB Flash memory. And to start and stop recording you will to just have to touch a point on the frame. Wow. How’s that for discrete not to mention sneaky? But wait! It gets better. The glasses will also include wireless networking (802.11n) and Bluetooth support (v3.0). The intention for the networking services is to support video streaming to PCs and smartphones so that wearers can “life stream” … that’s geek for sending out live video of what you are doing. So, no longer will you only be able to tell people on Twitter and Facebook that you’re having a tuna sandwich for lunch, you’ll be able to show them and they can watch you consume it! Sure, you can do that today but the messing around with smartphone cameras and holding them so your “fans” can watch your dining progress is far too clumsy. With the Zioneyez you’ll be ready to broadcast the most intimate details of your life at a moment’s notice! (Of course, the potential for really embarrassing broadcasting mistakes is huge … in fact, much easier than Anthony Weiner’s typing “@” instead of “D” and we all know what that lead to …) Part of the drive to create the Zioneyez product was Cisco announcing recently that they were shutting the doors on their 2009, $590 million acquisition of Pure Digital, the company that produced the Flip Camera. The impetus for Cisco’s decision was that the Flip camera line was becoming uncompetitive in the face of the explosion of cameras in Smartphones; many of which now produce equally good or even better video than the Flip cameras and offer far more functionality in terms of editing, effects, storage, and streaming. Zioneyez now employs a number of the developers from Cisco’s Flip division. The target price for the Zioneyez glasses will be $199 which will make them affordable to a wide market. But what will that market do with them … ah, there’s the rub … I don’t know if you saw an article a few days ago about a particularly ugly incident in Florida where a citizen with a smartphone, Narces Benoit, videoed the police when they shot and killed a suspect sitting in a stopped car. When the police realized that they had been videoed killing him, they pointed their guns at Benoit, hauled him and his girlfriend out of their car, handcuffed them, threw them to the ground, and smashed Benoit’s cellphone. They then put the broken cellphone back into Benoit’s pocket and reportedly did much the same to everyone in vicinity who had a cellphone. The police took Benoit and his girlfriend to a police station, questioned them, and demanded the video. Benoit pointed out that they had smashed his phone but, luckily, he had somehow managed to extract the memory card from the phone and hide it in his mouth before the cops smashed it. Within hours of his release, the video was online and what appears to have been a huge police over-reaction that would have been covered up has been made public. Hopefully, heads will roll. What’s interesting is that as devices like Zioneyez’ glasses proliferate the chance for people to get away with crimes committed in public and private places will diminish. Forget citizen journalism, citizen monitoring will become commonplace and everything from serious events like the one in Miami to bad driving and kids spraying graffiti will be captured and potentially become evidence. And just think how much Homeland Security, the FBI, and the CIA will love this! All of that footage put online by citizens in pursuit of their social networking will be processed by facial recognition software allowing all of those agencies to automatically look for “people of interest” in all sorts of situations where and when regular video surveillance isn’t available. Talk about a windfall! There’s also the interesting possibility of integrating this streaming video into services such as Google Earth, Google Maps, and Bing Maps … in fact, this merging of live video streams with a 3D model has already been done with Microsoft Photosynth and the results are amazing! The “life streaming” video market is going to become a big deal and the implications for citizen journalism, transparent government, and national security are huge. The only thing I forgot to ask Zioneyez’ Beccera about is buying stock." <url>™review on newsy.com . Enjoy! Video Link: <url>™ project! Because of you, ZionEyez has been able to keep true to its grass roots mentality and grow organically. ZionEyez's mission is to create the most effortless video recording experience in existence and together we have been able to take a giant leap in accomplishing our mission. Now that we have reached the threshold amount needed to develop this amazing product, please spread the word and tell your friends and family to join the movement. Every pre-order and/or pledge we receive from now until July 31, 2011 will only improve the quality of our product and the speed in which you can receive your very own pair of Eyez™ . Best Regards, The ZionEyez Team <url>’t feel bad, neither have we. In fact, we too, have just heard of ZionEyez rolling out their latest device, the Eyez HD Video Recording Glasses that intends to bring new vision to social networking sites like Facebook. This is touted to be the latest innovation in personal video recording technology, where the Eyez will feature a 720p HD video camera that is stashed away within a pair of stylish eyeglasses that were specially designed to record and broadcast live video data. You can opt to store all recorded video data onto the 8GB flash memory that is stashed away inside the Eyez, where it can then be transferred over to a computer via Bluetooth or microUSB. We would highly recommend that you settle for the latter, since it won’t sip up more juice from the Eyez, while it is a whole lot faster compared to just a Bluetooth connection. On hindsight, it can be wirelessly transferred to most iPhone or Android devices, giving it yet another option when it comes to flexibility of platform compatibility. Share with the world what you see with the Eyez – we’re quite sure your friends will be hankering you for a long time to come since words these days over Twitter, Facebook updates or blog posts aren’t enough. The Eyez can be ordered at a special rate of $150 until July 31st this year, where the price will hit its usual $199 after that. <url>"Video cameras and wireless technology have gotten so small, now developers at ZionEyez in Seattle are working on Eyez, a pair of glasses with a tiny embedded video camera that can continuously record everything you see in 720p, transmitting it wirelessly to social media sites for all to see. ZionEyez is calling Eyez “a new revolution in social media technology,” allowing some exhibitionistic gadget lover to wear these video-shooting glasses that transmit their images via Bluetooth to an Eyez app on an iPhone or Android device. From there, the video would be streamed through wireless networks to video sites online, where it could all be viewed live. Streaming live HD video is possible, but it’s still an awfully tall order for wireless data networks circa 2011, so there’s also 8GB of flash memory on board as well as a mini-USB port, allowing users to record the goings-on and then transfer them to a computer for editing and later broadcast. Alas, Eyez aren’t available yet, but it’s a Kickstarter project, where if enough investors are interested in funding the project, its final development will get underway (Kickstarter details here). So far, 58 backers have pledged $9,745 toward the $55,000 goal with 56 days to go. This is fascinating. In a situation where transmission technology is dependable enough for smooth streaming, this could turn into an interesting performance-art project. Or imagine a celebrity wearing these glasses throughout the day. Maybe someday, everyone will record video of everything they do every day, and stream it live. That’s the ultimate social media." <url>"We first heard about the Eyez video recording glasses concept back in March, when those familiar black frames packed a 1080p camera, 16GB of flash memory, WiFi, and dual exawatt-class lasers (ok, we made that last part up). Named for the product's "utopic vision," ZionEyez now has a prototype with a more grounded spec list, including a 720p camera and 8GB of memory, along with micro-USB and Bluetooth connectivity for livecasting to Qik or LiveStream -- The Truman Show style. Afraid you won't be able to pull off those high-tint lenses at night or in that top-secret (indoor) business meeting? You can swap out the removable sunglass lenses for clear versions, or throw in your prescription in daylight (tinted) or indoor flavors, since many optical stores stock appropriately sized lenses. Availability for these $199 HD Ray-Ban clones is currently slated for fall (assuming ZionEyez hits its funding target), but you can pre-order your pair for $150 on Zion's Kickstarter page." <url>"Eyez Glasses" project we received quotes from engineers and manufacturers that were far less than what was actually necessary to complete the project as we had detailed in our KickStarter Campaign. Because the project is such an innovative concept, engineering firms and manufacturers had nothing to compare it to at the time and misquoted the task of producing the product to our specifications. After we received our Kickstarter funding we put that money towards engineering the glasses, and discovered that even though we had exceeded our fund raising goals, the money raised was only sufficient enough to create an inferior product. To create a fully functioning prototype of the Eyez glasses as specified and promoted would cost much more than we had anticipated and had raised through Kickstarter. Although we had initially explored the traditional financing route in hopes that we could create the product better and faster, as soon as we discovered that the project would require substantial additional funds, we more vigorously pursued this avenue. Conventional means of raising capital from Venture Capital firms and Angel investors is necessary to secure the remainder of the funding required to fulfill and complete the project. Unfortunately, unlike the Kickstarter platform, traditional fundraising opportunities are incredibly difficult to obtain and even harder to close. Despite that, and because of the viability of our product and the experience of our team, we have had over 20 meetings with different potential investors ranging from well-known venture capital firms to billionaires looking for a new project to invest their money. We have received excellent feedback about our product, business model, and our team from every one of the investors we met with. We are currently in serious discussions with several investors who are prepared to invest in this endeavor but closing this type of financing takes a lot of time and effort. The project cannot be completed without these additional engineering/manufacturing funds, so solidifying investment is our top priority at this time. At the same time, our engineers continue to work towards the creation of a fully working prototype. However, we are not currently in a position to make any promises regarding the shipment date, as we would rather wait until we are absolutely certain so as to not disappoint our Backers once again. We understand that some of our Kickstarter Backers are disappointed about the delays and have reached out to us in search of further information. We are currently working on another update for our Kickstarter Backers that will offer more insight into our current investment pursuits and engineering efforts, but due to confidentiality agreements that are in place, we cannot yet post anything publicly about the specifics. We are still 100% vested in this project and we are working as hard as possible to turn this dream into a reality. We assure you that we will not stop working diligently on the project until we have exhausted all avenues at our disposal. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, First, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team @MediaMatthew - regarding certification, we have looked into the various requirements. The biggest one would be to get certified from the Federal Communications Commission These tests would be similar to those conducted on cell phones and the entire certification phase is accounted for in our development schedule. Also, the radiation emitted by the glasses are negligible compared to those of a cell phone (less than 1/1000th), which should lead to a shorter certification process. @Ozymandias+Garcia85: please check out our latest update #19 <url>"new" Rayban Wayfarer design. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Jose, The glasses will function comparable to your digital cameras in an environment with high glare operating-room tungsten light. We will run some tests and send an update to inform you of the glasses' light sensitivity. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Olivertwisty, The Eyez app is designed to broadcast video to Ustream and livestream. It will also have a direct link to your preferred social networking platform for instant video uploads, whether it be Facebook or Youtube you can share video segments with the click of a button. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Mark, Perfect timing to ask that question. We will be sending a video update to all our backers explaining where we are at in production very soon! Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Andrew, To Pre-Order Eyez, click on the $150 pledge option on the right side of our Kickstarter account. Click pledge and follow the directions to complete your Pre-Order. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Carlos, Currently we are only offering an option to pre-order 3 or 5 pairs of Eyez. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- The micro USB port featured in the images of our prototype will be concealed by a sliding hatch similar to those used on the latest smartphones. The hatch will enclose the contacts to protect from potential damage caused by water or other environmental factors. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- For now we will maintain the ZionEyez logo on the side of Eyez glasses. Our mission is to promote video sharing with friends and family on social networking websites. We do not want our customers to mistake Eyez as a device designed for "spying" applications, tarnishing our reputation as a social media company. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- Just to clarify the statement below: Eyez have a comparable camera system to the gopro, contourHD, and vio video cameras, which all utilize fisheye lenses without much distortion. Reviewing video clips from these devices will give you an idea of the video quality. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- If you review sample footage from the gopro, contourHD, or vio video cameras, they all use wide "fields of view" without much distortion. Eyez will be comparable to these camera systems. "fisheye" lenses have a lot of distortion, this is because the have a very wide field of view (150-190 degrees) and a subject that is very close to the camera. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez fans- Any updates on product development will be posted in the updates section to your left. Thank you for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Dear ZionEyez Fans- Eyez are equipped with an extra-wide 130-degree field of view so centering will not be required to capture quality video. Eyez will also include a display of the recording "field of view" that users can reference. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Dear ZionEyez Fans- The dimensions of Eyez™ are comparable to the Ray-Ban "Wayfarer" design (Lens: 50mm wide x 38mm high, Bridge: 11mm, Temple: 143mm). They will fit comfortably on most men and women. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- Product Release - Our release date for the product is slated for Winter 2011. However, depending on the success of our KickStarter launch and the overall media coverage of Eyez, the release date could be sooner. Thanks for your support! Dear ZionEyez Fans- Eyez will weigh less than 200 grams. The weight will be equally distributed on both ears. Dear ZionEyez Fans- The glasses are not designed to be waterproof, they are about as tolerant to incidental water contact as a typical phone or camera. Waterproofing the design would require us to make the glasses larger, and we think most users would prefer a sleeker pair of glasses than a larger, heavier, waterproof pair. Dear ZionEyez Fans, Thank you for the massive support of our Eyez™ project! Because of you, ZionEyez has been able to keep true to its grass roots mentality and grow organically. ZionEyez's mission is to create the most effortless video recording experience in existence and together we have been able to take a giant leap in accomplishing our mission. Now that we have reached our threshold amount needed, please spread the word and tell your friends and family to join the movement for every pre-order and/or pledge we receive from now until July 31, 2011 will only improve the quality of our product and the speed in which you can receive them. Best Regards, The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- The Eyez glasses allow communications with a host (iOS, android) through a peer-to-peer WiFi connection, without the use of a wireless access point. Exact details on communication protocols are proprietary. ZionEyez Fans- To clarify a few of the questions regarding the LED indicator- The recording indicator is a discretely placed LED that emits a brief flash when recording begins, the LED does not stay on the entire time the user is recording. It will only flash for a moment after the record button is pressed, that quick flash is to notify you that the recording has begun. After the initial quick flash, the LED will be off, and unnoticeable to anyone including the user. ZionEyez Fans- The LED can only be seen in the corner of the users eye when the glasses are being worn. No outside onlooker will know when Eyez are recording. ZionEyez Fans- The recording indicator is a discretely placed LED that emits a brief flash when recording begins, the LED does not stay on the entire time the user is recording ZionEyez Fans- Performance for fast-motion activity will be similar to what you see with the gopro and HeroHD POV camera systems. We use a fixed focus lens system (as opposed to an autofocus system) for improved fast motion video. Running sports can obviously be more prone to camera-shake than cycling or board sports. ZionEyez Fans- For those of you seeking polarized lenses. Eyez are equipped with the same size lenses as RayBans "New Wayfarers," making prescription/polarized lense options easy to find. ZionEyez Fans- The shaded lenses block 100% of UVA/UVB rays. ZionEyez Fans- A replaceable battery would be much larger than an internal battery of similar performance. No replaceable batteries will be offered. If a user really wants to record video for 10 hours continuously, then they can plug an external aftermarket battery pack into the microUSB slot to extend the endurance of the battery. I'm referring to the external battery packs that are sold to give your phone a few additional hours of battery life like the one below: <url>"Wayfarer" design (Lens: 50mm wide x 38mm high, Bridge: 11mm, Temple: 143mm). ZionEyez Fans- The battery life is up to three hours on a charge. ZionEyez Fans - Yes of course, Eyez record audio. Object never received. Please refund! did you contact kickstarter? and did you get a refund by any chance? Any Update? Please provide refund to this project as no reward was received. Sometimes I come back here just to get fully enraged again. I'm a 7' tall dude. I thought it would be super neat to go to festivals and show people what I see. I know stabilization on chip wasn't a thing back in... Christ. This all happened in 2012? But that's something I could fix in Post. Kind of like the early GoPro cams: Great quality but unless you're doing a roll-step when walking, no one can bump into you and you aren't on Adderall -- it's going to require a little bit of tweaking in Post. I guess what ultimately vexes me the most about this entire thing is KickStarter's bereft willingness to provide any kind of help. I can't help but to think that the changes that were made later in 2012 to the TOS were, at least fractionally, attributed to this project. Then again, a lot of "We slapped together a proof of concept for Gizmodo so, no really -- fund us, we won't let you down" tech was pushed on this site around that time. But to state that this project is grandfathered in under the previous terms is... insulting. I get the logic there. I get why that'll hold in court. I'm not saying what KickStarter did was in any way outside of legal precedent. What I am saying is: What KickStarter did in this specific situation essentially set a precedent for themselves. That we're just chumps with spare money and a little bit of hope. And if we got boned before the Terms update? Well, bummer. I didn't have a family to feed in 2012. I still don't. And I'm not going to pretend that I wouldn't have spent that money at a bar at 29. It wasn't a cheap chunk of change for a college student making ends meet taking a load-and-a-half of classes -- then driving 40 miles to Oak Ridge to write technical files -- all while managing a student-run radio station. I guess what I'm saying is: As an individual, seven years out from this BS, that has authored numerous papers quoted by authoritative sources regarding how to not be tricked by disinformation? It's a sour point of contention that I keep remembering this one time I trusted something and not only was I grifted -- I was disregarded by the website that made that grift possible. If you sent money to this ... scam ... and you're somehow reading it years later because you do the same thing I do: Check to see if your money will ever come back (it won't) / check to see if other people are still red hot about this (they are) -- know that I want to give you a hug and drink a beer while we s-talk this worthless void of a project on an equally worthless void of a website. I'm sorry we got screwed over. But I don't think there's any way to rectify that -- due to grandfathering Terms and just straight statute of limitations. So, use that knowledge and experience with care. There's a new startup I got an ad for on FB for their KS essentially offering the same thing but better. I left a bitter comment that won't matter because of this KS. Which led me here. And led to this post. I hope anyone reading this that backed the campaign? Has a stellar day. Like, an ideal 24 hours. You deserve it. Regarding Kickstarter’s policy of saying that backers assume the risk of a project not being able to fulfill the commitments made to backers... I get that there’s always a chance that a project will go bust, and that the risk is real. No doubt there are going to be things that impact whether or not a project is successful. Things like an ambitious design that ultimately cannot be realized, or manufacturing issues that could not have been reasonably anticipated, etc. So yes, a backer should expect the there are going to be unavoidable issues that make it impossible for a project to be successfully completed and the rewards delivered. And I believe that is what should define the terms of the agreement between creators and backers. HOWEVER... Like many others here I have backed projects that were likely intended to be scams from the very beginning. In those cases, I don’t believe the terms established by Kickstarter should be used as a cover for protecting the backer received funds and Kickstarter’s commission from being recovered by those backing the project. Clearly there have been projects that fraudulent, the evidence is right there for everyone to see. <url>’t profiting from outright fraud. In my opinion. I'm with you. Why is there nothing happening here? They just took all of our money and disappeared? How does that work? Anything happening on this front? Did anyone consult a lawyer to pursue this matter? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. backer number 1226 Another month and not even a recent update. I for one have collected all of the personal details of these "creators" and added them to the database I am keeping on Kickstarter Scammers. Not only will this database be shared with Law Enforcement the world over, but eventually the community. The internet never forgets. Any way to join the class action suit still? Frustrated with the vetting process here. Given how this panned out, am discouraged to back any future projects. Well, I wasted more money on beer and women. In the end it all goes down and comes back up the same poophole. It's only money. That typeform link is private now. Any updates on bringing this asshole down? Is it too late to get in on the Class Action Lawsuit? What's new, everyone? I forgot I got duped on this. Any updates. It is what it is. The link posted below is the CEO of ZionEyez. <url>’m sorry you’ve been experiencing these issues with communication, and that you're frustrated by our policies. We've reached out to the creator a number of times with reminders of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so — it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But it’s important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned — or from happening at all. This certainly isn’t ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. Supporting creators as they work to bring projects to life isn’t anything like shopping in a store, and it’s anything but failproof. In fact, it’s not intended to be — giving creators room to try out their new ideas is a big part of why we love what we do. Most of the time, creators both communicate and deliver, and backers have good experiences; what you’ve gone through is certainly the exception, not the rule. In the meantime, I will be sure to share your feedback with the rest of the team here. We really hope that — when you’re ready — you’ll be able to find projects and creators that inspire confidence and enthusiasm in you again. Best, Noah Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Dec 28, 11:56 AM Hi Adam, Thanks for writing in, and sorry to hear that backing this project has become such a frustrating experience for you. As the creators and stewards of Kickstarter, we hate more than anything when a project doesn't come to fruition. Allowing creators to take risks and attempt to bring something new to life is the backbone of what we do. However, we also understand that there is an inherent level of risk in any creation process. Kickstarter is built around minimizing that risk through all-or-nothing funding, which allows the collective voice of the people to decide which projects reach their goal. On our end, we review projects, uphold our rules, practice careful governance, and use anti-fraud filtering. The foundation of the entire system, however, is the collective wisdom of the people who back projects. Still, despite a creator's best efforts, some projects won't always come together as planned. In these situations we make ourselves available to creators to help however we can, and we encourage them to be as open as possible with their backers about the obstacles they face. In the case of the ZionEyez project in particular, we've reached out to the creators a number of times. But no matter our efforts, projects will sometimes fail to come together as planned and backers will sometimes be disappointed in outcomes. We strive to constantly learn from this, and to make sure that expectations are appropriately set for backers (like on our Trust & Safety page). If you have feedback on ways that we can improve this experience and more appropriately set expectations, please let us know. It’s our mission to make sure that Kickstarter is a place where folks can launch and support projects with confidence and excitement. Best, Noah If you want legal action, join us on dedicated slack channel completing this typeform <url>"ZionLiez" Team. Please complete our Typeform to receive a link to our Slack group: <url>— Attorney General Bob Ferguson today announced the successful conclusion of the first enforcement action in the nation against a crowdfunded project that didn’t follow through on its promise to backers. King County Superior Court Commissioner Henry Judson ordered Edward J. Polchlopek III, otherwise known as Ed Nash, and his company, Altius Management, to pay $54,851 as a result of the 2012 “Asylum Playing Cards” Kickstarter campaign. The court ordered a total of $668 in restitution for the 31 Washington state backers, $31,000 in civil penalties for violating the state Consumer Protection Act ($1,000 per violation), and $23,183 to cover the costs and fees involved in bringing the case. “Washington state will not tolerate crowdfunding theft,” said Ferguson. “If you accept money from consumers, and don’t follow through on your obligations, my office will hold you accountable.” Crowdfunding can be a positive way to secure financing for initiatives directly from a diverse pool of backers who generally provide small amounts of financial support. Crowdfunding campaigns have supported a broad range of initiatives from movie-making to high-tech gadgets to charitable giving. In 2012, the Asylum Playing Cards campaign raised $25,146 from 810 backers, including 31 from Washington state. Polchlopek claimed his company would print and market a deck of cards and other items featuring artwork created by a Serbian artist. Project backers were promised the playing cards and other rewards with an estimated delivery date of December 2012. The project was not completed and none of the backers received any of the promised items or any refunds. Additionally, the company has not communicated with its backers since July 2013. Kickstarter’s terms of use make clear that companies are legally obligated to fulfill the promised rewards or provide consumer refunds. On the website it states: “When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers.” The Attorney General’s Office filed its first-of-its-kind lawsuit April 30, 2014. The AGO filed this lawsuit on behalf of Washington state consumers under the state Consumer Protection Act. Affected consumers from other states are encouraged to file a complaint with their state attorney general to seek restitution. -30- The Office of the Attorney General is the chief legal office for the state of Washington with attorneys and staff in 27 divisions across the state providing legal services to roughly 200 state agencies, boards and commissions. Attorney General Bob Ferguson is working hard to protect consumers and seniors against fraud, keep our communities safe, protect our environment and stand up for our veterans. Visit www.atg.wa.gov to learn more. Contact: Peter Lavallee, Communications Director, (360) 586-0725; <email> - See more at: <url>#sthash.mjCa6tL6.dpuf I also found some information that the have received a patient for the technology they developed with the money they took from us, there has to be something there...here's the link to the patient. <url>� Where are our refunds? Fuck .... my glasses? send em to me asap - they have to be engineered and built by now Another Scam. I hope you fucks are happy with your life. Karma is a **** and one day mother fucker it WILL kick you straight in the nut sack Does anyone live near this pair of wank stains ? so i would suggest filing a police report in your area. These guys are never going to give our money back, and police reports do show up on background checks and visa applications. If enough of us file police reports, these guys wont be able to get jobs in the future, or even travel to exotic foreign destinations, much like convicted felons... Article brings up a good point: the crowdfunding bubble may burst soon over experiences like ours, and the growing number of incidents like this.... <url>"Kickstarter Legal". I'll go ahead and post the Kickstarter response because I think it's one of the few times Kickstarter has actually responded to any inquiries. Response follows: From: Kickstarter Legal [mailto:<email>] Sent: Monday, May 12, 2014 4:58 PM To: ATG MI CRC Complaint Processing Subject: Attn: Sandra Hatcher Re: File # 447821 Dear Ms. Hatcher, Thanks very much for forwarding this complaint to us. We hope this response helps you and Mr. Walker better understand how Kickstarter works. Kickstarter is a platform where one party, the Creator, runs a campaign to raise money from other parties, the Backers, to fund a creative project. The filmmakers, musicians, artists, and designers on Kickstarter have complete control over and responsibility for their projects. Kickstarter is a platform and a resource. Kickstarter is not involved in the development of the projects themselves. When users back a project, they enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use. Kickstarter is not a party to that agreement between the Backer and Project Creator. All dealings are solely between users. Please don’t hesitate to contact us with any further questions. Regards, Kickstarter Legal _______________________________________________ For those of you who feel like you're getting a little tired of all this, I'd like to point out that we're just getting started. We had to sit back and give them plenty of time to fail. You'll notice that the B.S. from Brent Buroff (several posts below) is the first thing posted on these Kickstarter pages that is actually signed by a person. Of course, we had to post it but.... Up till now it's always been "The Team". That was an early on effort to escape culpability, to absolve themselves personally of any responsibility on their part for the failure to deliver as promised. They went into this thing knowing it was not going anywhere. One of the clues is the pathetic technical support they gave their engineering "department" AKA Joe Taylor. When they should have been at the point of packaging up glasses for delivery in December, Joe was showing off a pathetic piece or crap that couldn't even fold. No sign of software. If only the cops still had racket & bunco squads....they'd snap to what's going on in a flat second. The AG needs to be led like a blind man. But, of course, he's a lawyer, not a cop. The article specifies that he was not a backer, but he pre-ordered through the web site. Anybody here received a refund?: <url>"Oh God! More work" whereas the newspaper may see it as "Hey! Here's an interesting story and most of the info has already been collected for us." STILL COMIN' ATCHA CARLOS!!! GET YOUR LIES STRAIGHT. Yes, yes... I submitted my complain to AG about more than a yeah ago and got the very same answer. ATTENTION! This is the AG's response, in full, which includes information directly from Zeyez: Bob Ferguson ATTORNEY GENERAL OF WASHINGTON Consumer Protection Division 800 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2000 Seattle, WA 98104 (206) 464-6686 May 22, 2014 Chris Pirillo 1420 NW Gilman Blvd #2543 Issaquah, WA 98027 RE: ZionEyez File #: 447767 Dear Chris Pirillo: The Consumer Resource Center of the Attorney General’s Office has received the enclosed response from ZionEyez regarding the consumer complaint you filed with our office. We realize you may not consider this response a satisfactory resolution to your complaint; however, the Consumer Resource Center does not have authority to impose resolution of the dispute on either party. Your complaint has been closed accordingly. We regret that we are unable to provide further assistance to you regarding this complaint. If you would like to pursue the matter further, you may wish to contact a private attorney. For attorney referrals in your area, you may call one of the following numbers: Clark County: 360-695-0599 King County: 206-623-2551 or 211 Lewis County: 360-748-0430 Pierce County: 253-383-3432 Snohomish County: 425-388-3018 Spokane County: <url>’s CLEAR Coordinated Legal Advice. They may be reached Toll Free at 1-888-201-1014 or online at the following website: <url>’s business practices. SANDRA M. HATCHER Program Specialist 3 Consumer Protection Division (206) 389-2743 Fax: (206) 389-2801 <email> Enclosure From: ZionEyez Info [mailto:<email>] Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 10:07 AM To: ATG MI CRC Complaint Processing Subject: Re: 447767 : A notice from the Washington State Attorney General's Office Dear Chris, Initially when we started the "Eyez Glasses" project we received quotes from engineers and manufacturers that were far less than what was actually necessary to complete the project as we had detailed in our KickStarter Campaign. Because the project is such an innovative concept, engineering firms and manufacturers had nothing to compare it to at the time and misquoted the task of producing the product to our specifications. After we received our Kickstarter funding we put that money towards engineering the glasses, and discovered that even though we had exceeded our fund raising goals, the money raised was only sufficient enough to create an inferior product. To create a fully functioning prototype of the Eyez glasses as specified and promoted would cost much more than we had anticipated and had raised through Kickstarter. Although we had initially explored the traditional financing route in hopes that we could create the product better and faster, as soon as we discovered that the project would require substantial additional funds, we more vigorously pursued this avenue. Conventional means of raising capital from Venture Capital firms and Angel investors is necessary to secure the remainder of the funding required to fulfill and complete the project. Unfortunately, unlike the Kickstarter platform, traditional fundraising opportunities are incredibly difficult to obtain and even harder to close. Despite that, and because of the viability of our product and the experience of our team, we have had over 20 meetings with different potential investors ranging from well-known venture capital firms to billionaires looking for a new project to invest their money. We have received excellent feedback about our product, business model, and our team from every one of the investors we met with. We are currently in serious discussions with several investors who are prepared to invest in this endeavor but closing this type of financing takes a lot of time and effort. The project cannot be completed without these additional engineering/manufacturing funds, so solidifying investment is our top priority at this time. At the same time, our engineers continue to work towards the creation of a fully working prototype. However, we are not currently in a position to make any promises regarding the shipment date, as we would rather wait until we are absolutely certain so as to not disappoint our Backers once again. We understand that some of our Kickstarter Backers are disappointed about the delays and have reached out to us in search of further information. We are currently working on another update for our Kickstarter Backers that will offer more insight into our current investment pursuits and engineering efforts, but due to confidentiality agreements that are in place, we cannot yet post anything publicly about the specifics. We are still 100% vested in this project and we are working as hard as possible to turn this dream into a reality. Best Regards, Brent Burroff Co-Founder Zeyez, Inc <email> I got a response to my complaint from AG's office saying "...was reviewed and determined to be appropriate for the informal complaint resolution services offered by our Consumer Resource Center and has been assigned to me for processing." Unfortunately, the complaint disappears when you send it and I didn't have the foresight to make a copy for future reference so I don't know how they determined this was suitable for "informal complaint". I suggest you make a copy of what you send them so you'll be able to refer to it in the future. It looks as though we'll have to view the AG's office as part of the enemy. However, I do have a file number to work with. Note to Sean: Please let us know if you got a squirt of oil. They gave me a teaspoon of sand. What the AG needs is poundage. My complaint is about 1/4 ounce. We need a stack of complaints that will weigh several pounds in order for them to get off their lazy duff and get to work. Any backers in the Washington state area, specifically Seattle or Olympia? A personal visit to the AG's office would be worth ten pounds of complaints. That form took about 15 minutes to fill out and it took that long because I went in some detail. Apparently I didn't tell the story right though. I'll be following up. I hope all those who read this will go to that site (listed below in Chris Pirillo's post) and make a complaint. Complaining on this comment board does no good at all. Went to AG's website and squeaked a bit. It is my hope that all of you reading this will click in to the Attorney General's website and make out a complaint against these losers. Carlos doesn't mention a word of being the CEO of Zioneyez on his Linkedin page or in his latest CV on the current lawfirm's site he's now connected with. His current associates probably see this as a feather in his cap...pulling off the perfect crime. MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD. The squeaky wheel gets the oil. "The Washington state AG is now going after KickStarter deadbeats: " - Correction: "is... going after A KickStarter deadbeat". We need to keep an eye on the Washington case, as it will be a landmark case. I have some reservations. I am a WA resident and I submitted a complaint for another WA-based Kickstarter project that failed to deliver. Their response was that if the creator doesn't respond, they close the case. Basically, if enough people in WA complain (and it sounds like 31 is enough), the AG will consider the case. I suspect that whether or not they try again will depend on how this one goes. If we are lucky, this will scare Kickstarter a little, as well. This will be interesting to see played out, as it is also happening in Washington State: <url>"company" has an address in Seattle, WA according to their own web site. 2. The Washington state AG is now going after KickStarter deadbeats: <url>#/contact/ Pls add me on Forum - Travis. :) This page will never be taken down. Eyez can claim to be "in development" indefinitely without ever having o update us again. Kickstarter's TOS has no measures for taking down projects that are indefinitely "in development." Kickstarter profits from scam projects like this one because there are no definite terms outlined for project creators to give updates AT ALL once the money has been transferred. And now they're closing tickets about this with no follow up because it's far easier to wash their hands of the situation. The money has been transferred. Better luck next time. yeah I think Google Glasses is the way forward. Kickstarter simply ignores any ticket you open to ask about this. After a week or so, they will just close the ticket with no response. What does Kickstarter say about this? Ho do we get our money back? It was a lot of money for me! Have anyone contacted Kickstarter? well, these scammers appear to have won. It's been 2 full years since they failed to deliver, and we still have no updated plans or refunds... @William Walker, registered kevikev on the forums So, how bout that refund? Just registered on the forum! ZionEyez BURNED everyone!!! Chip, same for me Just got a pair google glasses - putting a closure to zioneyez. lesson learned - cost $150 to never back another project on kickstarter. hello, either give us the product or return the amount Hey Zioneyez guys! I think something must be wrong with my email and kickstarter! I have not heard from you in over a year about the refund you owe me for this failure of a project! Get back to us ASAP! @Jeff -- Is that email address for real? I tried sending you an email and it bounced right back. Twice. Copied address exactly as you wrote it. How about we chat through www.zionkick-forum.com so you're not putting your biz out in the open. I can't tell if you're already signed up or not because the forum only asks for a "user name". @Jeff -- I think at one point they did list their address. They removed it *after* the deadline for chargebacks passed... You might be interested to hear that I was contacted a couple of weeks ago by an investigative journalist from the BBC, looking for background information on a potential radio piece on crowdsourced funding. ZionEyez appeared to be one of the projects which had piqued their interest. It was just an exploratory conversation and, unfortunately, they did not get back to me afterwards, which suggests that a follow-up is perhaps unlikely, but I thought I would mention it all the same. If I do hear back, I'll be sure to let you know. Any company that does not list any names or an address on their website - you know must be some guy trying to rip people off. I certainly have learned from this and hope everyone else will NEVER back any project that does not have a website which shows someone's real name and and a real physical address that can all be verified. These scammers are eventually going to go to prison!!! I backed this project on 06/16/2011 and have NOT received the pair of glasses I was promised for the $150 contribution I made. I have attempted several times to get a refund or have my glasses sent to me but have not received either. I have hired an attorney and plan to file a lawsuit against this company soon in Dallas, Dallas County, Texas soon. If anyone else has been screwed by this company and would possibly like to be a part of this suit - please send me an email and let me know. I may be able to get my attorney to file a class action lawsuit against these guys. Jeff B. <email> Besides the fact that I gave my $165 to these scammers (I'd better give it to charity) the real sad thing about this is that there are many cute and promising projects on KickStarter I'd like to participate, but I won't because of this wonderful fraud they're not willing to solve or at least to help us to solve. "...without jeopardizing their integrity." Is it just me or can you see a smirk on their face as they typed that? Here is a snippet from the email I got from these scammers: "The Zeyez team is working diligently to get Eyez to you as quickly as possible, without jeopardizing their integrity." It's not clear if they are refering to the non-existent integrity of the non-existent glasses, or the non-existent integrity of the scam artists -- either way, worrying about their integrity *now* seems awfully late in the process.... All integrity related to the project is *LONG* gone.... Hey FraudLiez, Can we get a (lack of) progress update? One big difference here is that software doesn't have as large of a manufacturing/delivery cost as physical goods. Sure, there are rewards like boxes and shirts, but those really aren't where the majority of the money is expected to be spent. With ZionEyez, the thing that is unforgivable is that they spent all of the money - not just the money that was supposed to be for research. They had (or should have had) an initial business plan that laid out how much each unit would cost to produce and ship. Done correctly, they would have set aside all of that money (plus a bit more for the possibility of increased shipping costs and income taxes in case they failed to deliver before the year was over), and they should have been able to refund that amount. <url>"100% vesting" they haven't forward too much since then :) I see they're still shoveling out the same bullshit ("...working diligently on the project ...") they were pitching back when they should have been delivering. The following is clipped from their "Update #14" from December 2011. "We are working diligently to produce Eyez. Thank you for your patience while we endeavor to fulfill our mission." One third of a million dollars and all they've got to show for it is a mouthful of bullshit, a cigar box half full of some cheap-ass parts, and a few pretty pictures. (and lots of memories of good times enjoyed in tropical climes spending cash and talking trash) Tis my belief twas a scam from the very start. They formed a corporation to hide behind to protect them from personal liability. Carlos Becerra is certainly in the right profession...a stinking lawyer. Next step for him is a political career. He'd fit right in with the slime running the show now. What I find confusing is "...we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you..." Can it get any deeper? Have the resources? Does that mean they're running low on postage stamps now? What a bunch of sleaze bags. A few days ago I sent the following e-mail to Zioneyez and, to my surprise, received a reply. The e-mail I sent was: With your "company's" (if I can even call it that) record of not responding or giving updates, I don't expect a reply but ...I backed your project through Kickstarter more than 2 years ago. At this point, I fully expect that I backed the wrong project and lost my money, but is this product ever going to see the light of day? It seems like Elon Musk's Hyperloop has a better chance of getting built (and much more quickly) than the Eyez. I received the following reply from <email>: Dear Bill, Initially when we started the "Eyez Glasses" project we received quotes from engineers and manufacturers that were far less than what was actually necessary to complete the project as we had detailed in our KickStarter Campaign. Because the project is such an innovative concept, engineering firms and manufacturers had nothing to compare it to at the time and misquoted the task of producing the product to our specifications. After we received our Kickstarter funding we put that money towards engineering the glasses, and discovered that even though we had exceeded our fund raising goals, the money raised was only sufficient enough to create an inferior product. To create a fully functioning prototype of the Eyez glasses as specified and promoted would cost much more than we had anticipated and had raised through Kickstarter. Although we had initially explored the traditional financing route in hopes that we could create the product better and faster, as soon as we discovered that the project would require substantial additional funds, we more vigorously pursued this avenue. Conventional means of raising capital from Venture Capital firms and Angel investors is necessary to secure the remainder of the funding required to fulfill and complete the project. Unfortunately, unlike the Kickstarter platform, traditional fundraising opportunities are incredibly difficult to obtain and even harder to close. Despite that, and because of the viability of our product and the experience of our team, we have had over 20 meetings with different potential investors ranging from well-known venture capital firms to billionaires looking for a new project to invest their money. We have received excellent feedback about our product, business model, and our team from every one of the investors we met with. We are currently in serious discussions with several investors who are prepared to invest in this endeavor but closing this type of financing takes a lot of time and effort. The project cannot be completed without these additional engineering/manufacturing funds, so solidifying investment is our top priority at this time. At the same time, our engineers continue to work towards the creation of a fully working prototype. However, we are not currently in a position to make any promises regarding the shipment date, as we would rather wait until we are absolutely certain so as to not disappoint our Backers once again. We understand that some of our Kickstarter Backers are disappointed about the delays and have reached out to us in search of further information. We are currently working on another update for our Kickstarter Backers that will offer more insight into our current investment pursuits and engineering efforts, but due to confidentiality agreements that are in place, we cannot yet post anything publicly about the specifics. We are still 100% vested in this project and we are working as hard as possible to turn this dream into a reality. We assure you that we will not stop working diligently on the project until we have exhausted all avenues at our disposal. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team I just got an email from 'ZionEyez' stating they are out of money. Where the hell did they spend it all, given they have not had *ANY* progress in *YEARS*?!?!? <url>#/contact/ "It has been two years, and I am yet to receive the promised product. The project team has seemingly sold us fibs all this while. To say I am disappointed in the lack of accountability, commitment and honesty would be an understatement. I do hope the administrators of this promising forum take notice and penalize the culprits. Decent people have lost their investments. Surely some sort of justice is in order. Please take note." My recent communication to 'Kickstarter'. Anticipating a response... I WANT MY T-SHIRT Well, it looks like kickstarter is closing any ticket opened with them regarding this issue with no replies. Classy. Boyz, it's time to put more pressure against Kickstarter. Without getting support from Kickstarter we are in a bad position. But talking everywhere that Kickstarter doesn't care about us backers will put more pressure in them and I'm sure they will start.moving. please guys write down yiur storriea about this project and the bad aditude of KS and send your email to all writers you know. Post this on your facebook page and google +. Making this public is step one, more steps will follow. KS I did ask for support and you never answered my emails. Thanks backers This user's account has been deleted. ...i think we were all robbed. @Graham good luck. I can't even get a response to my emails, let alone the money they owe me. 2 years is too long. I want a refund. I'm really getting sick of such pr... - no information no updates just nothing. I've just registered on zionkick-forum.com and I'm happy to put another $150 in the kitty to take legal actions these lowlifes. It's been over 2 years and Kickstarter should also do something to save their reputation. Very sad to see that the Kickstarter team is standing idly by. I fully agree with you @ozymandias. We might get a product, but not THE product. The train left the station a year ago and it would be the same as getting an Iphone 3GS today. Maybe if they wait two more years and it will feel retro... I'll believe when I have the product in hand. If what is said in the Geekwire article is true, why the f... haven't they made an update in here? Just wondering. :-/ @marten -- I have no hope -- unless they somehow invent a time machine, these glasses will not -- CANNOT -- be the amazing, cutting edge devices I paid for. I wanted to be a trend setter, with the first quality wearable camera glasses. That's impossible now. Don't know if you have seen this: <url>"ahmedmady" at 1:12pm EST USA I'm in for $10 anytime. :-) @William Walker I registered on the forum as Fusselkater at 18:48 (german time) 30.06.2013. @William Walker --- I registered myself as rfmm this time. Previous login was listed as 'already in use'. Thx @ Tyler --- I could not find "tylergreen" or anything like it. We get hundreds of SPAMbots trying to sign up and have to sift through those to find your user ID. Please let me know here in the comments what user ID you used. We need to see it on the Kickstarter comments page to confirm that you are a Zioneyez backer. Thanks.... @ Scott --- Yes, we now have 188 members on the Zionkick Forum but that's a very small percentage of the folks who got scammed. Just registered on forum Just registered on your forum as "PhotoInsight" <url>"markwayne61". Is that you? If not please try again and post your user ID here so I'll know you're a registered backer. We get hundreds of robo-spam requests we have to sift through. Thanks. I just registered at zionkick what happens now ?! A failed Kickstarter project taken to court. <url>"date: 03-11-2012 --- EXPIRED PROVISIONAL" Does that mean they gave up on the patent application too? The presence of patent applications (being prosecuted by a high end law firm, btw) means that there is at least one asset class that is available to satisfy a judgment against the patent application owner. So if there were to be a lawsuit, and if it resulted in a judgment against the patent application owner, the patent applications could be used to satisfy the judgment in whole or in part. I found three patent applications related to the one linked to be z-Tau below: 1. PCT/US/122573 -- A child application of 61/449,594. As a PCT filing, it can be used as the parent application for national stage applications in many different countries. I haven't searched for whether they have filed national stage applications yet. National stage applications are expensive (in English speaking nations) and super-expensive where translations are required, so that will be interesting to watch. 2. US application 13/411,270: This is a U.S. utility application. It is awaiting a first office action. 3. U.S. provisional application 61/449,594: This is a U.S. provisional application. It has expired, but is the parent of the other two applications. It is a very brief application and (in my opinion) is unlikely to support any meaningful claims in the other applications, so the priority filing date for this one is unlikely to end up being the priority date for the others. You can research the patent status yourself at <url>"prior art", which for simplicity sake is material that a patent examiner might consider material to the patentability of the alleged inventions, it can be sent to the attorneys of record (look at the 13/411,270 application for the identities of the lawyers and their address) and the attorneys will be obligated, if it is indeed material, to provide it to the patent examiner. Issuing despite prior art being presented will make the patent stronger, but the prior art makes issuance less likely. Just my opinion on the patent stuff here. But it does take the matter from one where there is a fear that all of the money might be gone to one where there is at least one asset class that is live and could satisfy part of a judgment if one could be obtained. wow, I missed the one year anniversary of the last time Eyez had an update @ Zeyez: I pledged $150 for a pair of HD video recording glasses. I am not pleased with the lack of communication and the general feeling of being taken for a ride. @ my fellow backers: I urge you to scroll down and hit the "contact" link, let Kickstarter know about your own personal experience with this project and your level of satisfaction with its progress. @william registered as cfoley5446 @William registered on zionkick-forum.com with username bfoolish @William registered on zionkick-forum.com with username joey911 @William - registered on zionkick-forum.com with username jdbastar @William - Registered on zionkick-forum.com with username: Scammed time: UTC Thursday, April 18, 2013 at 02:18 @William - Registered on zionkick-forum.com with username cthomasian @William - Registered on zionkick-forum.com at ~ Wed Apr 17, 2013 6:35 am UTC as 'sidb' Thanks for your reply William. While I agree that I am often late to the party with many things, and thus am not quite as up to speed with whatever information you've all gained since the project was funded, I do not think the fact that I prefer to assume the best first before assuming the worst necessarily makes me more susceptible to being fleeced. I don't automatically trust people but I'm not certainly not accustomed to them blatantly lying to my face (as you are suggesting). My apologies if my limited knowledge of the situation came across as whitewashing. At any rate we've all ended up in the same boat, except in the amount of money we're each out of pocket. The website you linked seems like a good idea, but I'm not so sure the veil of secrecy will be as effective as you think. I'm pretty sure most kickstarter projects are also backed by friends and family of the creators, so it would be easy for one of them to register to become privy to whatever information you've uncovered. The other notable drawback is that the (currently) +90% of backers who have not registered are left out of the loop. Until there is a way to get the great majority of people here working together on a plan of action, we limit our chances of a positive outcome and the speed with which it can be realised. All the same I don't want to trivialise the effort of someone going to the trouble of setting up a forum - it's definitely a step in the right direction. So I've signed up with the same username at 09:17 12th April 2013 UTC. I for one am not about to let this slide, and given ZionEyez' continuing silence, taking action now seems the only sensible thing to do, and I hope others are encouraged to do the same. registered on zionkick with the username milanvo I think Carlos Becerra's goal is to file a basic patent and then become a patent troll. Hey Z-Tau, why not sign up to www.zionkick-forum.com and see what we compiled on these monkeys. Those "working prototype" glasses weren't even as good as what you could by from China for $75 at the time. As for "members" of the flip team, please take a closer look. They had ONE guy who might possibly have been employed short term in some minor capacity on the Flip. It was all fluff and puff. Please dig a little deeper before whitewashing the "team". Yeah, poor decisions...vacations in the sun when they should have been working. How does riding an elephant contribute to getting a project out on time? And how about that sparkler Carlos bought for his girlfriend? Have you read ALL of the comments here from page one on? How about all of the updates by Zioneyes? How about all the press releases? And the interviews? It was basic pump and dump strategy. I ran into a guy I knew at college and we had a few drinks and caught up on what we had been doing. He told me how he got licensed to sell stocks (boiler room) and he was specializing in selling to people who had already been ripped off one or more times. I asked him why would he want those people. They seemed like, once burned, twice shy. He said it was actually easier than cold calling. You already knew they would buy a shady prospect. Now all he had to do was spend a little time letting them tell him their troubles and sympathizing with their problems and pretty soon he had their trust and made a sale. He said he was doing very well. From the way he was dressed, and the fact that he was buying, I think he was telling me the truth. He always had been a hustler. I think z-Tau would be a good prospect for him. (Just messing with you dude, sign up to the forum) Oh, patents... A patent is simply a tool used for court battles. The way the Patent Office grants them now, a patent doesn't mean much of anything. Carlos is a kid barely out of law school. The big boys would run over him with a steam roller and he'd just be juice on the pavement. And personally, I didn't back them for getting a patent. I backed their offer of glasses. Where's the glasses? Well with a little digging with google, I found a patent ZionEyez applied for with respect to the glasses that was published on 13th September 2012. Link here - <url>"Winterr 2011". What did they have by that time. A junky pair of glasses that the ear pieces wouldn't even fold. Not 2,000 finished pair as shown in the pretty pictures. Why has there been no update for a year now? Has the ZionEyez Team been sucked into a black hole? Has anybody here been able to make contact with them to find out what's going on? I've been patient but completely cutting off contact for so long with the people that *successfully* funded your project is far from professional. I don't care if all you have to share is bad news, just let us know you're still working on this and haven't forgotten about us or given up. Registered on ZionKick with username cydodon Has anybody seen Epiphany Eyewear's glasses: <url>"prototype" get enough backers to believe some crap and then take the money and take an extended trip to thailand. registered on zionkick with username martincousy registered on zionkick with username steven burlison any action, it seems I'll never got refund. registered zionkick: anaya Registered zionkick-forum.com with Username: danielzen I just registered for Zionkick with username bgalu. @ Max Mocchi - I've gone back through the traffic to the 16th and cannot find "kickster". We had a software problem on the 19th and perhaps your request somehow got deleted. If you would please sign up again I'll keep a close eye out for "Kickster". Thanks Can you register me on Zionkick as JimCalkins @Manny S I just did. And I also encourage everyone to do the same. Everyone should hit contact at the bottom of the page and message Kickstarter to remind them that we haven't forgotten about this project even if Zeyez has. . ty. Please register me on ZionKick as Kickster Everyone should hit contact at the bottom of the page and message Kickstarter to remind them that we haven't forgotten about this project even if Zeyez has Registered on ZionKick as Swee-D Veliyath 12:59 UTC Registered on ZionKick as kpurcell Friday, 15 Mar 13 about 4:45 PM UTC-6 I have no idea what my "username" is on Kickstarter; my screen name is Kay M Purcell. Registered on ZionKick as sbryson Wed Mar 13, 2013 6:36 am Registered on ZionKick as MarkHogan 3-12-2012 7:39AM UTC-8 Registered on ZionKick as SpagettiArms (11/03/2013 12h40) Still watiing oh well i have wasted 150 dollars on dumber things in my time too bad i was really hoping this project would come through. Hi can i change my address? Thanks My glasses, where a u!!! Registered on ZionKick as Borow (06/03/2013 17h30) <url>"GoogleGlass" we'll never get our money back............<url>"investments". All their rules and regulations worth nothing if they allow thieves like Zayes disappear with 343 assumed grands. If I knew that it was this easy to steal $343,415, I would have started dealing in vaporware instead of getting a real job. Found a set of glasses on Photojojo.com. <url>"Zeyesmustpay" I don't know if you guys will be able to do anything about this, but this project was when I stopped supporting kickstarter projects by people I (or friends) did not know at least as an acquaintance. Since I have stopped using kickstarter all together since I've realized how they enable users to be ripped off. It's a great concept, but I wont buy into a system that allows people to be scammed without repercussions. Also, have you guys noticed that the zioneyes people keep logging in? It's even more frustrating they seem to just be laughing at us. They could at least have the decency to go into hiding. Yawn... is this thing still alive? What happened here ? Where are the glasses ? @Manny S - now THAT was fricken funny! I'm still gonna hang on and wait for something... or nothing [shrug]. I've long forgotten about the $150 I bet (or 'contracted for a product', or whatever) on this project's success two years ago. I'll certainly be more careful in future Kickstarter backings. I'm probably having more fun watching the litigious circus swirl than I would with a novelty pair of video glasses, anyway :-) Cheers, all! Mark - What user ID please.... Just registered at the forum 4:43 pm EST <url>"Kickstarter's awesome successes" Go to slide 7. <url>™ by ZionEyez HD video recording glasses with clear and shaded removable lenses. They will retail for $199 after Pre-Order. (Shipping to Canada add $10, International add $15 to pledge and i'vent receve my zioneyez hd video recording glasses a this time ,what the matter ???? anthonyv registered today on the forum. Please approve the regi request. For access to the ZionKick-Forum (registering on 2013-01-25). Thank you. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I assume, this is the silent end of our glorious social media glass project. No progress, no updates, no communication, no buzz, no help, even no forum activity... Seems these guys may sleep well with money they've stolen from us. RIP There was quite painful lesson not to trust KickStarter anymore. "Your Eyez glasses will ship during the Winter 2011 season. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment." Hey ZionEyez, remember when we pledged $343,000 for this project ? I would like an update please. Update us now. <url>"Kick starter".com... Don't wait: They never send out glasses, because $150 for person backer, Now $343,415 for all backer donation in Mafia pocket or scam website. Kickstarter actually made some money on us too. They charged a commission fee, and thus cooperated with the zioneyez to scam the users. Registered @ ZionKick - 5:18 AM UTC+1 January 5 2013 Waited long time, learned my lesson the hard way, kickstarter never again. Registered: Friday, January 4, 2013 (UTC) 6:41 AM I believe that the technicality Carlos Becerra is putting his money on is that Kickstarter has changed it's terms of service since Zioneyez scammed us. They're trying to lessen their liability. You have to check the "wayback machine" to see the old terms. In terms of going after ZionEyez, or after KickStarter? I'm not sure what KickStarter could do, to be honest? Is there a set list of things which could be done? I don't think KickStarter should be responsible for the actions of those behind projects on KickStarter, but happy to help put together something to encourage more support from KickStarter? I believe that the crucial problem is that Kickstarter states that Zioneyez is obligated to follow the terms of use, but is not willing to step in and enforce that, and Zioneyez believes that it is acceptable to lie to us, ignore us, and not abide by the terms of use. We need to make an honest effort to get Kickstarter to work through the issue with Zioneyez. Once we have made an honest attempt to give Kickstarter a chance to help, then we need to admit that there is nothing further we can do without legal council. We need to get organized and find someone willing to file the class action for us, and look into what that entails. I would have thought that's the challenge with most things in life — particularly with something like this where most people have pledged $150, which is enough for the loss to be irritating but perhaps not enough for individuals to trigger legal action, particularly if a lawyer needs to be funded. A class action might make this viable, but perhaps more for satisfaction of having a perceived wrong made right than for getting close to a refund, as the amount returned to each investor I'd have thought would be cents in the dollar? The Hanfree project came close to going down the legal route — led by a lawyer-backer — so perhaps it needs that sort of person in the driving seat? Everybody seems to be waiting for someone else to do something. I'm in Hawaii. I think we need someone in Washington State to file. > In 2013 lets form a litigation group I thought that was the aim of ZionKick? (Being in the UK doesn't help me here, but, if you are aiming for a breach of contract claim, our statute of limitations is six years — sounds like yours is a lot less.) @Neil - The Zioneyez "Team" has demonstrated such a lack of integrity that I wouldn't put it past them to engage in some well known forum techniques such as "consenus cracking", "topic dilution" or "anger trolling",(<url>— I appreciate that we have a different point of view; mine appears to be very much in the minority. Yes, I did my homework, hence appreciating the risk of backing something like this — whether or not it *should* be a matter of risk is clearly a contentious issue here, but, in reality, it seems that it is; as ozymandias says, it's one year late as of today. > I'm wondering how many of these comments are being posted by Zioneyez trolls. It's possible, I guess, but, if ZionEyez are regularly posting positive comments on here, would it not be less work for them just to post the occasional update (even if just saying "no progress to report"? Best wishes for 2013 Hey Zeyez guys, any chance of an actual update before another year goes by on this project? I'd love to know more regarding the current status of the "movement" and what if anything the backers can expect from Zeyes in 2013. 2011 to 2013! <url>" 24-30 weeks from now, our manufacturer should be able to ship us the first mass produced batch of Zeyez eyewear ready for sale." even that statement from the last update passed a few weeks ago. I'm really sick of that stuff.. And those guys are still checking on us here, last login was Dec. 05, 2012 .. I'd like to remind everyone that in 5 days, this project will be officially 1 year late, with *NO* updated release date. That's right. They will have gone an *ENTIRE YEAR* over their announced delivery date, and have absolutely nothing to show for it. No updates on current status (which they claim they are making) no estimated delivery dates, no apologies, and most importantly to me, no refunds. In fact, these guys go so far as to claim that they are not bound by the Kickstarter terms of use, and don't owe us anything -- even an apology. Carlos Becerra, Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, Joe Taylor: 4 guys who will are on my permanent sh!t list and who are bankrupt of social currency. Their completely inept handling of the ZionEyez Kickstarter project is a cautionary tale of how to absolutely f@ck up a business as well as your personal brand. I don't ever plan on getting my money back, but that's not the point. Businesses fail, true, and investments are not ever a sure thing. These guys, however, screwed the pooch in terms of how badly they failed their investors and potential customers. They over-promised and under-delivered and didn't have the common decency or courage to admit their failures and sincerely apologize for marketing vaporware. Thank goodness Kickstarter now has better guidelines in place to reduce the chances of another scam like this in the future. As for Carlos Becerra, Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, Joe Taylor, if I ever see any of your names attached to any future projects, I'll be sure to inform your investors of your ZionEyez incompetence. OK Neil, you've made your point. But a whole bunch of us do not share your bend over and stick it to me attitude. Something stinks of fraud and I'm wondering how many of these comments are being posted by Zioneyez trolls. I don't think Neil Brown has done his homework. Did you read the press release they had PRWEB plaster all over planet Earth? Did you go back and read their updates from June forward? Read what someone wrote who interviewed Carlos Becerra in June 2011 in which he says "The only thing I forgot to ask Zioneyez’ Beccera about is buying stock." <url>— but I also appreciate what ozy and others have said about it, and people have come into this with different expectations and, whilst that's not my view of things, I can understand the position they're in. Whilst I do see Kickstarter as an opportunity to back projects which might not otherwise come to light, and see that hope of getting a new product to market as the benefit against which I trade of lack of certainty about actually getting it, I do think that ZionEyez failed in terms of its engagement with backers. I've a lot of sympathy for the view that our money has gone as I — perhaps wrongly — would have expected a lot more communication and updates from a company still working on something, particularly given the stated problems. You all need to realize that putting any money into a kickstarter project is a crapshoot at best. There are so many unknowns going in that you shouldn't reasonable expect to get anything back. By definition you don't yet know the problems you'll face in bringing a product to market considering how early stage it is.Think of it more as a speculative investment. ZionKick- 9:53 PM EST Dec 19 I think Zioneyez was one of the reasons Kickstarter changed their terms of service to include that clause that it's either produce or pay the money back. It wasn't in there when the Zioneyez "Team" concocted their scam. I think Carlos Becerra, CEO, thinks he's smart enough to tell us all to go piss in a bucket. Rather than openness, secrecy has been their guiding principle. All they've ever shown us is pretty pictures generated in a CAD program and a pathetic piece of crap they say they hobbled together from a handful of parts last fall (Gizmodo demo).. Had they come forth in a manner similar to those guys in the linked video, I don't think anyone would be complaining. However, their complete refusal to acknowledge backer dissatisfaction with the job they're doing is more in line with mental illness (or criminal intent) than competent entrepreneurs. I would think that it would be obvious by now that the only "pressure" either Zioneyez or Kickstarter is going to respond to is legal action....in court. As long as we're two thousand separate people, all they have to do is sit back and wait for the statute of limitations to expire. I think that's what they're counting on, everybody doing nothing but **** and maybe writing a letter or two. The only place where this will be resolved is in court. Go back and read their whole story. From March 7, 2011 when they had PRWEB send out their press release, all the way up to today. You'll see how their fantasy went from "look at what we've got everybody" to "gee, this is harder than we thought it would be." On the one hand they want us to believe they know what they're doing and next they want us to believe they were misled about costs where instead of $50K, they would need at least another $950K to bring it to market. That's off by a factor of ~20,000%! Would someone please check my math and correct me if I'm wrong. I suggest everyone contact Kickstarter and ask them to clarify their policy. They claim that Zion Eyez is obligated to provide our preorders, or a refund. ZionEyez claims that policy does not apply to them. Let's put pressure on Kickstarter to get this straightened out, so Zion Eyez has one less excuse. I'd like to share something interesting with you... Some time ago I ordered one product that was supposed to be delivered by Christmas. Take a look, how a honest, responsible and reliable company should behave when it encounters production problems: <url>"F" rating on the Better Business Bureau. I wish this information was available almost 2 years ago -- you know, back when honest information about these dishonest people would have been useful.... Signing up for ZionKick, please let me in. CurtOlski Another thing mentioned in the 3D printer lawsuit is that Kickstarter's terms of use require the project creator to either deliver the goods or a refund. The claim says that this further makes them party to the making of the product. I realize that the outcome of this lawsuit is still pending, and that the outcome will not directly affect this project, but it does mean Kickstarter has some exposure in these cases. To be honest, at this point we're more likely to actually get a refund from Kickstarter than from the ZionEyez Team, who have pretty much admitted that they spent all of the money. Neil -- those are *completely* different circumstances. Normal hosting is paid a certain amount each month, regardless of success or failure, and regardless of content. Kickstarter, on the other hand, is only paid on success -- and it is paid a portion of that success. The former is no different than any other utilities -- gas, electric, or water. The later is *much* closer to paying a commission to a sales person. I would not say that any of the news outlets that promoted this scam are open to litigation -- they did not get paid a portion of the success -- Kickstarter did. I'm by no means a lawyer, but I would think that promoting a project you get paid a portion of the success of makes you at least partially liable, *especially* considering that Kickstarter is clearly aware of this problem, and is making no steps to correct the issue (such as hold portions of the money in escrow, or set definitive dates where milestones have to be reached or refunds given), nor any effort to police fraudulent verbiage on project pages (such as claiming a prototype exists, or referring to the pledges as pre-orders), nor any effort to inform backers that they will have no recourse other than litigation, nor any effort to increase teh charge-back window on Amazon Payments. > This makes them party to the project, and therefore legally partly responsible for any failures. That is the claim in the printer litigation, as I understand it. It's not a definitive statement of law, at least not from a UK perspective — the UK's laws are not overly relevant here, of course, but, given that similar exemptions exist for hosting services providers in the US, there's a fair chance a similar argument would apply. I'd have thought that pre-publication work/vetting, if any, done by KickStarter, poses more of a risk in terms of liability than merely being paid for hosting a project. Register on ZionKick - user: mcgin Registered.... just now. 12:42 HST fricking pissed Tim, Kickstarter gets 5% - and that's 5% of OUR money, not the project creator's. If you look at the 3D printer lawsuit, Kickstarter is being sued along with the people making the 3D printer because Kickstarter gets part of the money. This makes them party to the project, and therefore legally partly responsible for any failures. Q: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? A: If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Q: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? A: Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Have they fulfilled the project? No. Have they made a good faith effort to complete the project? Doesn't seem so. What KickStarter did in order to resolve the problem? Nothing. BTW, I expressed to Zayez my disappointment by email - twice got auto-responded last update. :) registered as GREATCIA DECEMBER 3 2012 at 11:12 pm central time You know the sad thing is I would still like to have the product and I think probably a lot of backers would. I just can't believe they spent 1/3 of a million on "R&D" with nothing to show for it. I wish they would just own up to it and say one way or the other if it will ever move forward or not. If you click full bio on the right it shows someone logged in on the account end of Nov and they must have an idea if they really are getting investors or not. I held out judgement for quite awhile because I can see how a project with good intentions could go south because of gross underestimates etc...... But really, $343,415 pledged with original goal of $55,000, absolute bullshit it has been this long and they had so much more money over the original goal and theres nothing to show for it and the only communication is a copy and pasted letter which is probably completely untruthful. Also I don't know what % kickstarter takes but I guess they have no motivation to help backers (aka victims) of fraud in this case because they probably got their fee money so why would they care about the rest of us. Funny fact..... Excluding the most recent project I backed since it just recently ended. I have backed 4 projects including eyez and have yet to receive 1 backed item. I understand the whole backing risk situation and people underestimating this or that, shit happens. But really, just seems more and more like kickstarter doesn't give a shit about their backers or what happens on their site as long as they get their fees. If they do care they should work with project owners more closely or scrutinize them more initially, IDK, something, anything to try and help make sure backers don't keep getting screwed, seems to be the norm and they just hide behind their clauses and counting their cash. I think Kickstarter is set up to act as the Craigslist of Crowdsourcing. Right or wrong. If you take what Craigslist is, how it operates, and how it makes money, and extrapolate that to crowdsourcing, then you have Kickstarter. Whether we like it or not, the model is set up so that the risk is on the backers of a project. Any grievances must be dealt with between backers and project owners. At least the way is open for legal methods (there's no horrid binding arbitration clauses, or the like). The only other option is "not to play", as in do not pledge. I also believe Kickstarter is having growing pains with regard to their popularity; specifically what seems to be a massive influx of backers that simply do not understand the nature of the game, or they are looking to game the system themselves. I've backed several projects, none of which were completed by the stated time. With Zioneyez as the lone exception, I've had no problem understanding or dealing with late projects. I could see why the project was late, and in most cases the communication between the project leaders and the backers was excellent. But there seems to be a large number of backers of these projects who literally start complaining about wanting their money back, or demanding a 24-hour webcam live-streaming their reward being created and delivered to them, within hours of the project ending its pledge period. Pebble, OUYA, et al, just to start. As much as I've heard people say they are "walking away from the Kickstarter table", I'd be loath to start a Kickstarter knowing I'd have to deal with these sort of backers. This is not to impugn any Zioneyez backer; I have resignedly come to the conclusion that this, the first project I backed on Kickstarter, was a scam. I just see a problem on both sides -- scam projects, and unreasonable backers -- that I'm not sure Kickstarter can easily solve. And this problem hurts backers like us who have a legitimate problem; our voices are lost among the whining masses. Clark Howard says Craigslist can be a successful means of buying or selling goods and services -- so long as you step there with eyes wide open, because it's market anarchy. But you must be wary of that anarchy, because scams are everywhere on both sides, buying and selling. He states that in some ways, buying or selling on Craigslist or Ebay means you must be willing to accept the loss of your money or what you were selling. If you can't accept that, walk away. In the same way, Kickstarter projects can be beneficial, but it is crowdsourcing anarchy, backer beware! I have backed projects after Zioneyez, but I did so with learning and wariness from the "school of hard knocks". The first toe I stuck in this water got bitten off, and I still waded in, only hopefully with better wisdom and knowledge. None of the projects I've backed were on time. I've received my reward in a couple cases, and I am happy with them, even if technically they did not meet all original specs. In those cases I understand the project is still a work-in-progress, and I enjoy being a part of that. For the most part, these projects are by "the little guys", who had an idea and want to get it out, and had to learn a whole lot in the process. I enjoy backing them, watching and in some cases helping them learn what it takes to bring something to market. As I said in past posts, communication is the key. If the project leaders are forthright and communicative, then I have no problems with their learning process. I am willing even to accept total failure of a project -- which has not happened yet except for here -- if there is something to be learned by the failure. I think of it as giving someone money to see their idea come to life, knowing the risk that the idea just may not work and my money may be gone. Edison had hundreds of failures behind every invention. Zioneyez, however, has been a true failure, even by these standards; there was nothing to be learned from this project, and my money was truly wasted; a bitter experience. Still, I will likely back future projects, but with eyes wide open and very cautiously, in this Craigslist of Crowdsourcing. By the way, Joe Taylor (ZionEyez co-founder) is now working at Microsoft as Senior Mechanical Engineer. Don't know if this is all smoke and mirrors but this link take you to the patent application for "Eyeglasses with Integrated Camera for Video Streaming" made by Burroff, Lindquist, Becerra and Taylor: <url>årten Brödje, Nov 28 06:57 (EST): What are your actions regarding the possible scam / fraud in the case of Zioneyez project? This is a project marked as successfully backed by you. However, none of the rewards (not even t-shirts) has been delivered to any of the backers that we have been speaking to and the project communication is allmost non-existant. If not a fraud, the creators are at least not fullfilling your terms and conditions since they are not providing either rewards, satisfying information or refunds. What are your actions to make them live up to your set standards? Regards, Mårten ------- REPLY FROM KICKSTARTER: Kickstarter Support, Nov 28 11:13 (EST): Hi Mårten, Thanks for reaching out. I'm certainly sorry that this has been a frustrating experience, but unfortunately there’s not much Kickstarter can do. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve been keeping notes regarding this issue, and we'll take this all into consideration if this creator submits another project. For more on creator accountability, please check out our FAQ (<url>#Acco). Thanks, Michael Ozymandias -- So that is a complete cheat. Their prototype video is fake. Kickstarter and some new tech media help them to stolen our money. drink -- what's the point of that? They don't appear to *have* anything to open source... On its older company website, they supply pre-order link to kickstarter. So I think it's a cheat. If we can't get the glasses, can we demand they open source the project for lose Well, I've once again asked Kickstarter to remind the project creators of their obligation, and I was basically told that Kickstarter is washing their hands. While Zion Eyez is obligated to provide us our pre-ordered glasses, or a refund, Kickstarter refuses to get involved -- or even explain how we are supposed to force Zion Eyez to fulfil their obligation. It's a shame, really, Kickstarter was fun, it was interesting, and it was helpful to many -- but Kickstarter refuses to take any steps to resolve this issue *OR PREVENT IT FROM OCCURRING AGAIN*. I'm never funding another KickStarter project. Getting ripped off by ZionEyez team and KickStarter is just in the background not being any help. Hello, More than a year ... it's time to wake up. Someone else will release it before you It may be usefull for us to see a Timeline Geoffrey. registered zionkickforum username: Nexus2k time of registration: 07:57 GMT+1 date: 23.11.2012 They are good in copy-paste. Nothing else. :( "We're not quiet there yet." Actually, you guys are awfully quiet, Zeyez. The typos are what REALLY make me wonder if we didn't get fleeced. wrote them demanding my money back and got this response: First, we want to thank you for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Didn't they claim to have a fully functional prototype when they launched their Kickstarter campaign? I even remember reading an article where the reporter tried out the glasses. I don't think people would have pledged money if it was just an idea or a sketch. We invested/pledged/donated (whatever you want to call it) in the production of an existing prototype. Now they are saying that all of the money has gone into engineering the glasses and there is nothing left to produce them for the backers. So what where they showing off when they were trying to separate us from our money? I don't buy the inferior product argument. If they had a working prototype, the money they raised should have gone into manufacturing the product they pitched. I'd prefer a product with fewer bells and whistles than no product at all. Personally, I believe the prototype was just smoke and mirrors and all they had was an idea. And they failed miserably at trying to budget properly for the development and production of the product. Nothing in their plan is so innovative that they shouldn't have been able to create a budget close enough to make the deadline or price the product appropriately. They're not engineering warp drive. It's glasses with a small camera. Every cell phone in the world has a micro-size camera. I can name a half dozen small cameras that are controlled by wifi and stream video. So they discovered that they couldn't deliver on their promise after receiving their funds. Then why didn't they refund our money? Before you pour all of your backers money into R&D (which by the way, you claimed you already did and thus the prototype), shouldn't you make sure you have enough money to manufacture the product? If you can't pull it off completely, give back the money. I guess it doesn't matter now. The money is gone and no VC is going to fund them at this point. There is too much risk, too big a threat of litigation and a ton of competition now. They missed their window, we got suckered and that's probably the end of it. If you open an issue with kickstarter, they clearly state that what ZionEyez did was against kickstarter policies -- but they don't seem to care enough to do anything about it.... Shame on them. registered zionkickforum username: thijs time of registration: 12:18 CET date: 20/11/2012 This guys have pulled their fraud very successfully. Kickstarter has no interest in helping. The best we can do is either a class action lawsuit siting criminal charges, Or letting everyone know not to ever support a Kickstarter project. The only protection consumers have ultimately is to stop consuming. Well folks, it looks like Carlos Becerra, CEO and attorney, has finally formulated their defense strategy. It's mildly interesting that these monkeys still do not have a working prototype. And any potential investor doing due diligence will never invest in these guys. Their whole story reeks of fraud. Translated into plain English they're saying they spent 1/3 million dollars to make that piece of junk they showed in December 2011 and now they'll keep doing what they've been doing for the past year until it looks like it's safe to drop the whole game and move on to something else. After all, who's going to do the work necessary to bring them to court for a measly $150 that's long gone? "Oh hey, an updated comment from the team. Maybe some progress has been mad- ... did they seriously just post Brent Burroff's response that has been going out with BBB complaints that appears on the page 15 posts below? Classy." After all Kickstarter itself should be most active helper. They are the ones that actually took our money and gave it to ZionEyez. I can understand that things they can do could be limited, but at least they should show us that they are trying to help us. Show what they do, and in general be more transparent and proactive. I used to support many projects here, but now I am not going to do that again. Their passive approach kills the entire thing. I agree with Jake Driscoll. The unapologetic vigor with which Zach Honig at engadget.com and others promoted this scam should be addressed. But I don't see how those folks could care. It's not even journalism. It's technologically fetishistic webwonkery. They'll move on to recycling the next press release handed to them. Like most us who lost money to the ZionEyez Lyin'Eyez Cryin'Eyez Kickstarter scam I wince any time I hear someone mention Kickstarter. Yeah, we joined "the movement" all right. What movement? Fill in your own punch line... Curious about zionkick I registered 4 November 2012 21:33 It's amazing how little recourse we have to this outright fraud. Since they managed to delay us for more than 3 months after we pre-ordered, it seems that legally speaking, no one seems to care, other than us. Many of us have requested refunds, but I don't know of any Kickstarter backers who got a refund from ZionEyez. Some people were able to get refunds through their credit card companies, but at this point (15 months after payment) that seems like an unlikely solution. Has anyone actually requested their money back and actually get refunded? @ Martin - I'll kick in 5 bucks towards that $300. It will be a futile effort though if they have no shame. How about an Indiegogo project designed to make Kickstarter's methods more widely known? @ Jack - If you study their actions from the beginning of 2011 you'll find that deception was an integral part of this scam. All of their pre-Kickstarter information (press release, interviews) referred to the glasses as being a done deal and only needing a little money to get the pump primed. They knew exactly what they were doing. The question then becomes, what was the purpose of the $55K they set as their goal for funding? It certainly wasn't going to be enough to go from having nothing but a pretty picture to delivering a finished product....by Xmas! If you read all of their "updates" since their "winter 2011" delivery date from the standpoint of them creating a legal fiction to explain their lack of performance, all of the pieces of the puzzle should fall in place for you. You can see how mixed up their story became when they gave Engadget a pair of glasses in December to test and made sure to remind them that it was just an "early prototype" they were testing.....at the very same time they should have been delivering a finished product to their backers. It has every appearance of fraud. Carlos Becerra, the CEO, is an attorney admitted to the California Bar several years ago. You can bet he's trying every trick in the book to arrange the facts in such a way as to leave him blameless. His license to practice law is on the line. Nearly $350,000 and over a year (almost 7 times the budget and 3 times the original time frame) and they say they don't have a prototype? What's this: <url>"We are working with our Backers closely to keep them apprised of any new developments in investment/engineering but haven't made noteworthy progress over the last few months due to the lack of funding. " So get a f** loan and encumber yourself with debts for the rest of your life. I don't care, just give me the product you promised to build. I'm a little disappointed here. According to <url>"We have received excellent feedback about ..., business model, ... from every one of the investors we met with." Off course they did! What business model can be better? Just claim you can deliver an innovative affordable product, publish a project on KickStarter, grab backer's money, enjoy yourself. No obligations. As simple as that. I see that they finally have the story figured out they'll present the Attorney General. But still, anyone who would accept that as valid would have to be a gullible idiot. If they had the experience they claimed, they would have to be complete idiots to make such an extreme miscalculation of the cost from.....having absolutely nothing but an idea...to giving people a finished product,,,,in 6 months.....for $55K. Remember? They pitched this as being a done deal, that they already had the product and just needed a little cash to bring it to market. The fact that they didn't even have a prototype never came out until Aug. 2011. No, I think they saw it as "free money" and intended it to bankroll a drug deal. From Mexico. They're stupid, to be sure, but dumb enough to pitch their 2011 story and really believe it? They may be dumb but I really don't think they're at the level of "Dumb & Dumber". The real idiot is Carlos Becerra. His license to practice law is on the line because he got hooked up with these monkeys....and took the CEO spot! Maybe he thinks he's sharp enough to create a back story that will stand up "...well you can't prove it's not true" in court. A good prosecutor could shred that B.S. by simply showing the string of lies that led up to the current story. Our job is to get them into a courtroom answering questions under oath. The contradictions will quickly be revealed. I'm convinced that they have people registered as backers in here.... But anyway, here is the 2nd response from BBB after they're 1st generic response: On October 24, 2012, the business provided the following information: Dear Nicholas, Initially when we started the "Eyez Glasses" project we received quotes from engineers and manufacturers that were far less than what was actually necessary to complete the project as we had detailed in our KickStarter Campaign. Because the project is such an innovative concept, engineering firms and manufacturers had nothing to compare it to at the time and misquoted the task of producing the product to our specifications. After we received our Kickstarter funding we put that money towards engineering the glasses, and discovered that even though we had exceeded our fund raising goals, the money raised was only sufficient enough to create an inferior product. To create a fully functioning prototype of the Eyez glasses as specified and promoted would cost much more than we had anticipated and had raised through Kickstarter. Although we had initially explored the traditional financing route in hopes that we could create the product better and faster, as soon as we discovered that the project would require substantial additional funds, we more vigorously pursued this avenue. Conventional means of raising capital from Venture Capital firms and Angel investors is necessary to secure the remainder of the funding required to fulfill and complete the project. Unfortunately, unlike the Kickstarter platform, traditional fundraising opportunities are incredibly difficult to obtain and even harder to close. Despite that, and because of the viability of our product and the experience of our team, we have had over 20 meetings with different potential investors ranging from well-known venture capital firms to billionaires looking for a new project to invest their money. We have received excellent feedback about our product, business model, and our team from every one of the investors we met with. We are currently in serious discussions with several investors who are prepared to invest in this endeavor but closing this type of financing takes a lot of time and effort. The project cannot be completed without these additional engineering/manufacturing funds, so solidifying investment is our top priority at this time. At the same time, our engineers continue to work towards the creation of a fully working prototype. However, we are not currently in a position to make any promises regarding the shipment date, as we would rather wait until we are absolutely certain so as to not disappoint our Backers once again. We understand that some of our Kickstarter Backers are disappointed about the delays and have reached out to us in search of further information. We are working with our Backers closely to keep them apprised of any new developments in investment/engineering but haven't made noteworthy progress over the last few months due to the lack of funding. We are currently working on another update for our Kickstarter Backers that will offer more insight into our current investment pursuits and engineering efforts, but due to confidentiality agreements that are in place, we cannot yet post anything publicly about the specifics. We are still 100% vested in this project and we are working as hard as possible to turn this dream into a reality. We've assured our Backers that we will not stop working diligently on the project until we have exhausted all avenues at our disposal. Best Regards, Brent Burroff Hey Zeyez I still have faith in you guys, though yes you do "suck at PR," apparently. We just want to know what's going on and even your acknowledgment of PR fluff being unhelpful is somewhat more PR fluff. The fact that eyez has stated they will not monitor these comments while at the same time posting non-updates here rather than through using the update function gives me some pause. We all "joined the movement." The lack of movement on this movement is disappointing to say the least... But the way in which we backers have been left in the cold is quite frankly unacceptable and both Kickstarter and Amazon should utilize their own teams to look into what happened here. You could and should have really have been leveraging your backers this whole time in order to allow us to help you bring this project to reality even more than our money already has(n't). I would have been glad to proofread the latest "update" in the comments myself, I have to admit I cringed a bit when I read your promise to deliver the backers "they're pledge," as Zeyes is seeming more and more like they can simply not deliver. If you asked for $55,000 in the initial Kickstarter, but received over $340,000, can you tell us where you ran into problems, specifically ? Where did the 55,000 initial estimate for project completion come from ? Did Zeyes underestimate the cost from the beginning, the difficulty of execution ? Did the fact that your project was so overfunded cause some kind of other issues in the process ? I'm sure the Kickstarter organization would like to know the answers to these questions so that that maybe the faith in Kickstarter can be restored. I would like to back other projects but have become wary of this process since the project creators seem to have no real obligation to their backers, despite the new wording of their policies. Obama even passed a law this year about crowdfunding projects, perhaps in part because of the risks like my fellow Zeyez backers have taken with this project. I await a more thorough and sincere update on the status of this project... Cheers @kiran -- they wont, because they can't. It seems alot of kickstarter projects do not meet the timelines but this one is just ridiculous. Zion Eyez please provide photos of the manufacturing or any proof that you are still or ever have been working on this project. @ David - You'd make a helluva better writer for Forbes than that dickhead Mark Gibbs. It was his article that convinced me Zioneyez was for real. He ended his blurb with "The only thing I forgot to ask Zioneyez’ Beccera about is buying stock." His followup was no better. Online scum. @ Ozy - I wouldn't doubt Carlos Becerra has a sock puppet. He's an attorney as well as CEO. But he's not a smart one. He was dumb enough to get hooked up with a bunch of jerks. Speaking of dumb, they've got my money...I don't have theirs. @ Pol - I agree that they're running a game to put off the day of reckoning. As far as I know, only one backer approached the Wash. atty General and she was rejected. Her letter was not convincingly written. We need a group effort to compose a document that will grab the AG's attention. Few of us are lawyers. Those that are don't seem to want to get involved. @ Nicholas - There are verbal contracts and there are written. They wrote theirs. Kickstarter will continue their mad scramble for money until a court slows them down and requires them to operate in a more user friendly manner. Yeah, if you read the comments, everyone *but* the author seems to have looked into the issue and have a clue... I wonder if that's where part of our money went? To pay off authors to pretend like this is all OK... Interesting that while this "author" quotes some of Kickstarter's FAQ, he completely ignores the statement in the terms of service that say that the project creators must either send the rewards or supply a refund. Maybe I should write for Forbes - I can pick and chose information and twist things around with the best of them. Bullshit, I know. I think Kickstarter should make this clearly understandable to potential backers, because it is deceiving since it is presented as if you are simply purchasing products via they're site. It is confusing. I just read this interesting article. Long story short, we as backers are basically investors, the final product being simply a dividend. We are not purchasing a product. <url>årten, The reason they still reply is that they want to show their intentions to the external organizations who can apply sanctions against them like "Washington State Attorney General's Office" or maybe KickStarter itself (doesn't look like it cares, but still). They can't just say: "Hey, that was complete scam from the beginning but we've succeeded to f@ck our backers". No way! They'll continue to reply with meaningless e-mail template and will continue to spam us here from time to time with their "we appreciate your support and patience and spit on you since your money are gone" and until we'll give up and leave them quiet. registered as MikaA 16. Oct. 2012 18:28 CET /me looks around for an update.... Pol, you don't disappoint me, they do. As most of the backers I have long given up on this. Even if we eventually do get our glasses, it will be years to late. What I find strange however is that if it really was / is a scam, why do they bother replying at all when we send them questions? I have discussed this case with a legal advisor (actually two, one here in Seden and one in the US) and what I think I will end up doing is filing a charge for wire fraud here in Sweden to begin with. And then there are other ways if one wants to show discontent. Mårten Brödje, Sorry to disappoint you, but the very same answer I got from them a couple of months ago. PUHleeez. These guys are clinking glasses on an island in the Caribbean right now and lighting cigars with our $100 bills. Just remembered I funded you guys..... @All: Just got this reply from Zeyez. Don't know the value of it. Not much new content but at least it's not the same standard mail they have been sending for a while now. Maybe they are actually still working on this. (In stealth mode, I guess). Even so, from the sound of it, at least from "....first look at our latest prototypes and Smartphone Application.", I reckon we won't have them this year...either. Dear Marten, Thank you for your e-mail and your support on Kickstarter. We understand your disappointment that you have not received the glasses yet and we want to ensure you that we are working hard to send you the best product possible at the earliest date. As you know, the quotes that we received from engineers, suppliers and manufacturers made it clear that the cost of developing and engineering a high quality pair of video-streaming glasses that would meet the expectations of our backers exceeded the funds we raised on Kickstarter. We want to give you the best product possible in terms of battery life, image quality, wearability, ease of use, and streaming speed, rather than the cheap and ill-fitting video-recording glasses that already exist on the market. As a result, we are seeking additional financing while simultaneously developing new iterations of the prototype, which we are excited to share with Backers in the next update. Our relationships with investors and strategic partnerships are maturing as we are getting closer to solidifying the substantial investment necessary to complete the project. We look forward to sharing our progress with you in our next engineering update, which will offer a compelling first look at our latest prototypes and Smartphone Application. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team @William Walker: Registered at the forum as Seph Blaze. Thanks! Nothing like a periodic reminder that Zion Eyes doesn't give a shit about us anymore. THANKS GUYS! I have been VERY patient regarding this project and the continuous delays and lack of communication. These latest posts from Zioneyez are troubling: "our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge" They never mentioned in their original project specs that they were requiring outside funding and that they could deliver their product to market for the $55k goal. They also received a boon of an extra $288k to assist in that delivery. So what happened to the $343k? Give us an accounting of your spending and be transparent in the creation of this project since WE allowed you to move forward. Show us that you didnt spend our money on cars, **** and blow an that it has actually been used in the development and i am sure people would be much more understanding. @ william walker. joined as "esudmis". thank u Zioneyez is watching because they removed two of my comments recommending class action lawsuit mentioning both Kick starter and Zioneyez as plaintiffs. Zioneyez is watching because they removed two of my comments recommending class action lawsuit mentioning both Kick starter and Zioneyez as plaintiffs. Here is a message to Kick starter. I only mention you as a platform for fraud. I will never back another one of your projects. I will make sure everyone I know doesn't come anywhere near you. Congratulations crooks! <url>"We are excited to be providing a backer update" -- which is the same crap they have been sending for about a year now.... This is absolute bullshit. If refunds or updates aren't funded, something should definitely be done. Find the people responsible. You can't scam people of their hard earned money and expect to get away scott free. Lindquist, Evan @yahoo.com ZionEyez 2711 Lakeridge Lane Bellingham, Washington 98226 United States (360) 383-7735 I registered in zionkick-forum under cybernatedbigd. Thank you. Here is what Kickstarter said when I asked them to contact Zion Eyez and see if they are still alive, since they are refusing to respond to backer communications.: Katherine, Oct 02 06:35 (EDT): Hi Ozymandias, Thanks for writing in. It’s frustrating when creators don’t take the needs of their backers seriously. By backing their project you showed a lot of faith in them, and they should respect that. Even when problems arise, creators have to tell backers what’s going on. It’s the creator’s responsibility to complete their project as promised, and in instances like these there’s not much Kickstarter can do. What we can do is send them a notice that some backers are frustrated with how things have gone, which I'll go ahead with now. I’d also encourage you to reach out to them again with a polite but firm message saying the same. That may spur them to address these concerns. Kickstarter’s Terms of Use do require creators to follow through on their projects, so there can be consequences if the creator continues to behave this way. Our FAQ has more on accountability here: <url>#Acco Kickstarter should take a lead from now on. I know that they claim that they are not responsible for the fulfillment but if crooks find out that it's an easy way to scam people it will be the end of the whole thing. Right now it looks all to easy to just run away with all the money. I registered in zionkick-forum under jasonruffo. Thank you. @william Walker I registered under my KS username, thanks Who is ZionEyes? Who are the people? Names? I'd just really like to know the names of the people who spent my lousy $150. I joined ad Idfungus Registered on zionkick-forum as userwag 9/29/12 12:18 p.m EST time (NY time) Registered on zionkick as froy 9/28/12 9:22 p.m pacific standard time @ ozy -- Would you mind posting your letter on www.zionkick-forum.com as a model for others to possibly try a similar way of attacking the problem. I'd like to point out also that they changed their delivery date to just about right now if I'm not mistaken. I don't want to search right now but in May didn't they push back delivery until September or October? According to the FTC's website, and the FDIC, the laws only protect us for 60 days after the charge appears on our statements: <url>"Mister_I" did show up and was activated. Sorry for the hassle. There must have been a mistake somewhere. Registered on zionkick as cleverwon registered as "mister_r" registered MaxZieb It appears this was a SCAM. I recommend any backers to file a complaint with the BBB against this company. <url>"press release" they sent out to all the tech sites and publications they could think of. The lies began with that press release. In it they referred to the glasses as being something that existed, not just a wet dream in their minds eye. The only thing they actually had was the video they created. By August of 2011, all they had was a pile of parts. It would then be months before they could even show a crude prototype. They claimed they were working "tirelessly, diligently" on the glasses while they posted photos on Facebook of elephant rides and tropical beaches <url>"24-30 weeks from now, our manufacturer should be able to ship us the first mass produced batch of Zeyez eyewear ready for sale" By my count tomorrow is week 24 from that announcement. Let's all hold our collective breath in anticipation of ... another story and another delay. Registered 2012/09/24 as Arctic-Lizard Another Kickstarter article (<url>"Scott Walker". I registered on 9/21/2012 with username DavidElliott. Waiting one year, I want a refund. I think many of us want a refund at this point in time, since Zion Eyez have clearly given up on production by now. The trick will be getting the money back -- odds are very good that most, if not all, of it has been blown. A while back, people were able to use these criminal's social networking sites to find very expensive personal expenditures that could very well have been funded with our money. I want a refund. I'm not waiting any longer. How does Amazon play into this. When I gave away my money for this project the money came out of my account through Amazon. Doesn't that make Amazon somewhat responsible? Please advise We'll give backers till October first to sign up (it will still remain open for membership) and soon after that we will contact forum members with an action plan. The "Tested Podcast" #139 (<url>"late" but ignores Zioneyez. That means that collectively, we have not been squawking enough on the tech blogs for people to know we exist. Get with it people! Those of you not residing in the US can make your situation known to the world with your keyboard. We have two options to make them come through. We can sue them or shame them. Those outside the US should concentrate on shaming them while we, in the US, should focus our efforts on obtaining legal counsel to take them to court. We have given them sufficient time to, at the very least, produce a working prototype of the final product. Personally I believe this has been a scam from the very beginning of 2011. The only thing they ever had was a lust for money and some pretty pictures. Then they told the world they had a product (read their press release, it's posted in our forum). It appears to be a scam from the very beginning. Motive? Procure money for a drug deal. Read the background information we've accumulated on the forum. It appears they wanted $50K as working capital and $5K for moving and grooving to make it happen....in Mexico. That's where Brent Burroff set up Zioneyez "headquarters" when the money came pouring in. And having had previous trouble with the law pertaining to drugs, Burroff chose an attorney to be the CEO. That's called keeping the rear end covered. Now it appears they're hoping everyone will get tired of thinking about having been scammed and move on with their lives and forget about Zioneyez and leave them having pulled off the perfect scam. The strategy seems to be working for 95% of the backers. Can anyone find a flaw in this hypothesis? @ horus -- We get about 30 or 40 spambots trying to register for every one backer. When you register, I immediately check this comments page to see if the name is legit. If there is no name corresponding to the name used to sign up, I don't activate it. Fortunately I had not deleted the requests from the 12th onward and I was able to activate your account. I would ask others to please take not of this procedure. Hello, I regestered the forum the 12 september 2012. Username: horus thanks to activate my account Neil, This case seems just ours, isn't it? For anyone who might not have already seen it, this might be of interest: <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. ... We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Sounds like as great idea, David. It would not stop projects which had heavily underbudgeted, but might stop those which succumb to unmanageably bigger things by virtue of receiving more funds. Perhaps also requiring projects to submit more detailed cost breakdowns might help? Or perhaps some guidance for those looking to invest in projects, with tips about what to look for to evaluate the likelihood of success? More onus on the backer than the project, but with the aim that projects comply because backers only choose to invest in projects which are sufficiently clear? I wonder if Kickstarter has started considering a different method of giving the money to the projects. Even venture capitalists don't just throw money at a project all at once - they want the company to show some progress. In this case, the ZionEyez team estimated that they could do the research and then manufacture around 350 pairs of glasses with $55k. If Kickstarter had just given them the initial $55k and said "You can have the rest to make the additional items when you've delivered the first 350 pairs", they would have had to work for the money. If the failed, the remaining money could go towards refunds. Another possible solution would be to require project creators to specify not only a minimum goal, but a maximum. Pebble was smart enough to limit their project funding when it got overwhelming, and even they seem to have succumbed to the problem of "Well, we now have a lot more money than we expected, so let's take a lot more time to do a better project". I sure hope Pebble doesn't become the next ZionEyez/Hanfree/Juicies/Brydge. I was really excited about this product and really hope it does not end up as vaporware. I get the whole underestimated funding or whatever but they got 6 or 7 times the goal in pledges so I don't get why funding is such an issue. I see mention looking for another million from investors.... eek. I hope that happens if that's really what needs to happen or else their just trying to drag out the inevitable.... sorry the product will never make it to your hands... your cash is gone... Here is the full email I received: Thanks for reaching out to us again. At this time, we are still working on securing the remainder of the funding to complete the project so there are no significant updates to share since the last time you wrote. As soon as we solidify the financing, we will send a detailed outline of our engineering and production timeline. Thanks for your ongoing patience! -Scott === This was in response to *3* separate requests to <email> starting on August 24th. Their prior email stated: Thanks for reaching out to us again. The Zeyez Team is still working on solidifying funding to complete the project. As soon as we have investment news to update on, we will send out a Backer update featuring the new developments. We are making progress everyday on securing funding, but we must stress that it is a lengthy process. Thanks again, -The Zeyez Team === So basically, that one does not count as providing information either.... I just got an email from Zion Eyez stating that they have had *no progress* since the time of the last update. That was what, 6 months ago? No progress in 6 months? Sounds like they gave up on getting anything done. What a failure. For the record, don't bother emailing them. They are ignoring the email just like they are ignoring this. And that is *exactly* what I was talking about. Hey Zion Eyez -- STOP IGNORING US! Sent a request to join zionkick... Name is pimpeddakota. Can provide info on when I backed this project if required. Pol -- I would guess the actual point of the email is to get the media outlets to notice how shabbily Zion Eyez is treating respectful requests for information. pol, No, I don't. If I get substantial evidence of an existing prototype and an ongoing discussion with some investor - great. If not - fine. There are multiple purposes of that specific email. Mårten Brödje, With all due respect, do you really expect to get more than their repeated "bla-bla"? registered on zionkick as 'weilinshao' I really wish some of these websites that helped hype this product would be more vocal now that their hype fell through.... Sent this email today. Receivers apart from Zeyez are: a number of techsites and magazines that have written articles about the product, Kickstarter, all backers through this Kickstarter page and a small group of (for now) confidential receivers. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Dear Zeyez, Please provide evidence of an existing prototype apart from what has already been shown on Youtube etc. in December last year. This means pictures of the prototype and actual (and fresh) video material taken with the prototype. Preferebly showing some evidence of when the video material was recorded, such as a newspaper with date. Also, provide some sort of evidence that states that investment discussions are ongoing. This could be a clear statement from an appointed (and named) investor or from a trusted (and named third party), such as a notary or law firm. The material can either be emailed on this mail adress or published via Kickstarter or by other means of your choice. Please, do not reply with standard phrases about how you value us as backers. This is not such a dialog. Regards, Mårten Brödje Apart from the above listed addressees, this email is also sent to a small group of confidential receivers as well as posted on the ZionEyez Kickstarter page. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- What? Doesn't kickstarter do something? Signed up on zionkick, signed as rafaumm Our cash is loooong gone. If it wasn't we would have seen *SOMETHING* happen in the last year. We are still at the same point we were when the kickstarter got funded. We are still waiting on money. At least a year ago we were still all fooled, and Zion Eyez was not ignoring us and publicly stating that they don't care about us and won't be responding to us. I backed as international, pledged (and paid !) 300$+international delivery. I just registered on ZIONKICK-forum.com as 'renemor'. Thanks to the forum managers. I would join in a class action or similar uprising. I think we can safely assume that the project is dead and our cash is gone.. lol Personally, I love how they don't even bother to reply to emails anymore. Nothing says 'we are working hard to get you what you paid for' like lies and ignoring people! @Matterhorn, check the Google street view of the address. It's not exactly an office building, but if you google the address, you will see several businesses listed. I suspect that it's a mail drop location that allows businesses to use it as a business address. I live about 40 miles away, so I'm not going to make a special trip there, but if I find myself in that area, I'll take a quick look. I just registered for the forum with user name 'pselby.' Thanks! 等左年幾都仲搵緊人投資？我年幾前想拎去旅行用既，都唔知去左幾多次旅行，都仲等緊，你真係仆街好過＝ ＝ ok my money was debited July 31, 2011 ... what happens now???? Can you activate my account on the forum? Can we have some more updates please, ZionEyez team? This has gotten to a point beyond frustration! Does any of our fellow backers live in Seattle, and personally check their offices? This is the address I got from their website. If the office is real, we can check to see if we can do something about it. 10015 Lakecity Way NE # 350 Seattle, WA 98125 horrible realization that I've been completely scammed i am 14 years old.. i asked my mom buy me a pair of these glasses because i really wanted them for my birthday. I knew it was going to take awhile for them to make it but i thought it would be made at least before my birthday... but my mother did not have enough money to back these glasses for me so i decided to have a garage sell to sell all my games and toys... i finally gathered enough money for me to buy these but as of now.... all i have is a empty promises and a empty hope and also a answering machine that keeps telling me to leave a name and phone number and they will get back to me... i sold my xbox and some toys for nothing... Zioneyez, you really devastated me and scammed me and im only 14... @William -- You're correct, they've made a repeated, determined, consistent effort to appear as a duck. I was trying to be, shall we say restrained, in my comment. Part of me really wanted to launch an epithet-laced invective (restraint, again; LOL) against Zioneyez, but I figured it might be better to try to educate others so they might not repeat my mistake in the future. Besides, a tirade would accomplish little, as the subject "is no longer monitoring". I wanted to make the point that honest, open communication between the backers and project staff is key; transparency of the project is key. I've been silent over the last year, as many others here voiced my sentiment probably better than I would. I posted today because @Sanghyun asked if there was something similar available, and there is. Trying to make lemonade from lemons, as best I could. Pivothead is one alternative that I've found, that is currently on the market. Their glasses meet or exceed the Zioneyez specifications, except they do not have built-in Wifi or Bluetooth. With Pivothead's "Air Pivothead", Wifi and streaming capability is added, but not as inconspicuously. In a way, the fact that Pivothead exists proves that Zioneyez' concept is possible. Why, then, are we in this place over a year later? As @William points out, if it looks like a duck.... @ Scott --- If it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, flies like a duck and lays eggs like a duck maybe, just maybe............. @Sanghyun Sim We have not heard anything regarding progress in almost 6 months -- only the occasional post in the comments stating they don't care about us and are ignoring us. @Scott Walker -- excellent post! I just bought a Recon Black Jet from pivothead.com. Used a coupon code that was given out a few months ago in these comments, and got their Air Pivothead free plus some off the glasses. So far, the quality of the video and audio in several environments has been excellent. They are expensive, but they exist and meet my needs completely. Zioneyez was the first Kickstarter project I backed, because I had a real need for an inconspicuous wearable camera. It was also almost the last. This project has spectacularly failed in communicating with the backers. Worse, the way they have conducted the project and what little communication they've had serves only to feed doubt and suspicion. Nothing but repeated, rephrased market-speak and "lawyering up", almost from the instant funding was successful. At least, this project taught me better how to analyze a Kickstarter, how to gauge it's potential; it has been a somewhat bitter $150 lesson to learn. The key for me has become honest and open communication. Want an example of a project I've enjoyed backing, even though there have been problems and delays? Look at the Twine project. There is a stark contrast between the presentation and execution of the Twine project, and Zioneyez. It has now been over a year since Zioneyez was funded. Based on what I have read here and elsewhere, I doubt I will see any results from this project. As I said, a bitter $150 lesson. And I could tolerate that learning experience, and accept being part of a failed project, if at any time I thought I'd actually been a part of anything. There aren't any guarantees in Kickstarter. If the backers are made to feel like they are a part of the process, and can observe, learn, and even help, even a failed project can be a successful learning experience. Without that transparency in communication, that dialog in the process, it is as if I have just tossed money away. Is Zioneyez a scam? I can't be 100% certain. It would seem so, given the almost comical way we've been given any information -- the legalism, the cliche marketing. You'd think Zioneyez was trying to make the backers think it was a scam, from the way communication has gone in the last year. I guess that's my two cents' rant. I'm enjoying Kickstarter. I've backed several more projects. I understand the risks and the process, and I think I have learned better how to pick projects that I will enjoy backing, whether they succeed or fail. Almost all the projects I've backed have had delays; to borrow a cliche, "no battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy". I have no problem with delays, because these other projects have been open and honest about what is going on. Zioneyez has been like a scene in a crime drama where a suspect and their lawyer are being questioned: deny, repeat, obfuscate, delay. Anyone got any news from the Zioneyez team? Did the developers just take the money and split or is it the case of they need more funding either for production or R&D? With over $300k and a lot of buzz around the web surrounding this product, I bet they could've gone to a VC to get more funding. This tells me either the developers ran away with our money or that the product cannot be feasibly manufactored either for research or financial reasons. Either way, I guess it's over. BTW, anyone know of a similar product? Signed up on zionkick, same name David, :)) Has anyone received their shirt? I don't believe the design phase affected the shirts. +1 @ Neil > we are customers ... if you think you are an "investor" here, you're fooling yourself Different strokes for different folks, David — I don't think of my role as an investor in the traditional sense, but certainly not that of a customer either, however Kickstarter might build the relationship from a legal point of view. I can understand those who saw it as a purchase wanting a refund or a product, but, since I saw it more as helping a project build something I thought was cool, and was accepting from the beginning of the project failing and getting nothing tangible back, I wouldn't consider myself fooled, or cheated out of anything. Should that stop anyone who considers himself a customer from doing what he thinks is appropriate? Of course not! I do not wish to be included in any legal action. If I get my glasses, great. If not, I won't lose sleep over it. Registered on zionkick as cmarcant The difference for me is that I want ZionEyez to have to prove that they are actually trying to make this product happen. If they truly did spend the money on R&D and just need more money to make it happen, none of us are going to get our money back (short of convincing our credit card companies to issue a chargeback). A class action can charge them money, but if the entity that took our money doesn't have the money, we get nothing. In my opinion, any valid legal proceeding would involve getting them to prove that they have tried in good faith to design and make the products promised. Personally, I'd rather give that $150 to an underpriveledged person than someone who just doesn't care about their customers (and we are customers - we are owed those rewards - if you think you are an "investor" here, you're fooling yourself). @Neil, I share your views exactly. I knew on the moment a Backed this project that it had a risk of failing by either non delivery or getting something much inferior as expected. (regardless on the exact meaning of the legal texts that may be on Kickstarter) . If I get the glasses great, if not.... my loss I have survived without the $150 (+p&p) for over a year, if I couldn´t afford to lose this money I should not have backed the project anyway. @others, Exclude me if any legal action is taken. @ Neil -- that's the beauty of a class action. Not only do we only have to pay once, for all of our claims, we get assistance with collection -- and can charge them for the cost of the litigation and collection. That said, last time I looked at small claims court, in the US, it was legal to add the cost of filing the claim onto the amount you are filing for. I completely appreciate where you are coming from, ozy (and others). Whilst my views are as stated, I fully understand why you might be minded to pursue some form of legal action. (For me, even if I were interested in litigating, for the equivalent of £95, I'd have to spend £25 filing a claim online, and, whilst I'd probably stand a good chance of getting a default judgement, I'd have no realistic way of enforcing it, at least not without considerably more money, and investing more time.) I will continue to follow this with interest, and perhaps not entirely lose hope that, one day, I might be sent some video glasses. Neil, I understand, and respect your position. I would be in the same boat as you -- IF Zion Eyez had failed in good faith -- as in, kept up with updates, and made sure we all understood what was going on -- or even responding to emails in a timely manner. They did not, they ignore us, brush us off, and are rude on the very few times you manage to get a response. Since there is no clearly defined plan for moving forward, I assume they gave up, and this is a failure. They need to provide evidence that that is not the case. Since they failed, and we did not even get to participate in the failure, I want my money back. I want to fund a different project -- one that *will* keep me in the loop and let me know what is going on. Thanks, David. I've tried to be careful to say that what I've said is just my personal view on things, and what it means to me to kickstart a project — Kickstarter rules may well require that it's either a reward or a refund, and I may well have a right of action, but, personally, that route is not for me. Neil, have you read the Kickstarter FAQ? You might read it and specifically look for the section where it says that the projects can't fail in the way you accept. They either have to send the reward or a refund. The only thing not specified is how long they are allowed to wait until they say "we failed". That's a P != NP situation. Registered on zionkick as JustDavid > It would seem that the great majority are willing to sit back and do nothing and let others fight their battle for them Not in my name, please. By all means take whatever recourse you consider necessary, but I consider that I made a pledge in the knowledge that the project may fail, rather than buying or pre-ordering glasses. Disappointing for sure, even irritating, but I consider I accepted the risk of failure when I pledged. I know some of you on here do not share this view — I've followed the comments with interest — but taking legal action is not compatible with my understanding of what it means to "kickstart" a project. I do appreciate others are more inclined towards legal action; these are just my personal views. I guess that makes me a willing non-participant :) I feel the same as Michael at this point. While I am annoyed at the way ZionEyez has mishandled this project, I do not think we are at a point yet where any legal action is practical. If we don't see some real progress by November, I will join the zionkick forum, but for now I don't see any benefit to me. I have no desire to join a third party forum but I do continually check back to see what's going on, even if it's not much. I'd like to have my product or money back. I'd be willing to participate in any action that let's me receive either. William, I am guessing the vast majority of people simply no longer check these comments. After all, it's been a year since anything actually happened here... Registered on zionkick as MannyS. Currently less that one hundred people out of 2,106 backers are signed up to our private forum where legal issues can be discussed without giving our hand away. It would seem that the great majority are willing to sit back and do nothing and let others fight their battle for them. Would it be so wrong to claim only the forum members as litigants in the formal proceedings? Just asking. I would like to point out that my bank is currently offering .4% interest on savings. Were Zion Eyez to accept the money, and simply put it in a *bank*, they would have earned about $1,400 in interest alone (ignoring Kickstarter's cut). "Jumbo" CDs, ($100,000 minimum) for 12 months are currently at 1.35%. Zion Eyez could easily return our money, minus Kickstarter's cut, and walk away with almost $5,000 in profit, with a total time investment of what? 4 hours? 3 to launch the product and all the Updates prior to the launch, and another hour for the handful of updates since then. If they get away with this we should all start creating fantasy products with pretty renders, low goal numbers and start fleecing suckers out of cash. Clearly it's okay with the law and Kickstarter since no one is being prosecuted for STEALING 1/3 OF A MILLION DOLLARS. ZionEyez and Kickstarter defrauded 2,106 people out of $343,415. HOW IS THIS NOT A CRIME??? Bernie Madoff got buried under a jail for this kinda crap - how come these crooks get to skate? Team ZionEyez openly used our money to buy cars and go on vacations. SOMEONE NEEDS TO GO TO PRISON. Doesn't anybody know a prosecutor? Just registered on zionkick as SkipperLarry @Jim Williams - The whole "investor" line is getting old, and it's not valid. We are not "investors" in any legal sense. Even the Kickstarter FAQ says that if the project creators can't deliver the products they have to refund the money. My feeling is the same as ozy's - if they were communicating with us in any meaningful way, people wouldn't be annoyed at them. Go check out the hexbright project - it's even later than this one, but almost all of the people who backed that project are happy with it because the project manager is telling us what is going on every week. I should proofread BEFORE I post. Whether Mark Gibbs is a "bather" or not is not the question. It's that he doesn't BOTHER himself with background work is what I'm commenting about. @ Jim Williams - I suggest you do some research into the whole scam before plying us with your fantasy about how things are "supposed to be". The cold, hard fact is this is a scam based on fraud. What Mark Gibbs has to say is worth about as much as his original article. Did you read that one? Gibbs is a tech shill, not an investigative reporter. He knows squat and doesn't bather himself with background work. If he did he would find out how he was used by the "Zioneyez Team" to support the reality of their product. He was their ****. They weren't selling a dream. They claimed to have a product. Did you read their press release? I didn't think so. What we have here is something called cognitive dissonance and you choose to solve the mental dilemma by telling yourself a lie. Wake up and smell the coffee pardner. It's been a scam from day one. And Jim, do you realize that we've still never seen a working model of these glasses? Compare reality with the press release. @ ozy - good comment dude. Sorry, Jim. That's *not* a fair description of how this site is supposed to work, nor is that an accurate representation of why people are upset. Not many are upset a deadline was missed. That happens here. A lot. Most of us are use to it. It's not that this project is a failure. That happens here. A lot. What we are upset about is really one thing. One simple thing. One thing that we repeatedly comment on. That thing is transparency. I backed not just to get a product. That's not what I was pre-ordering. I was pre-ordering glasses, but I was also buying in to be a part of the production process. I bought updates, good or bad, on the process. I bought information on the pre-development, development, production, and distribution of the glasses in general, as well as a pair of glasses. I am getting neither at this point, and there is abso-freaking-lutely no reason I am not getting information. If all they did was post an update once a month about the latest delays, that would be *AWESOME*. I would love to see the process it takes to get these out the door. What I am upset about is not the lack of a product, and a missing refund, what I am upset about is that Zion Eyez doesn't even give enough of a rat's ass about this Kickstarter campaign to take 15 minutes a month to make up excuses, or reply to my emails. I, personally, did not treat this like Amazon with slow delivery. I treated this as buying into a glimpse into the production of cutting edge hardware. I treated this as an opportunity to give a person with a vision the ability to help make that vision reality. I treated this as an opportunity to be a part of the process -- not just the wallet, but to be included in the vision, and see the process come together -- OR NOT. If this Kickstarter had been transparent, I would be the very first to stand up and defend it when it failed. From the "About Kickstarter" pages: "People come to Kickstarter to build community around their projects. " There is no community built by Zion Eyez around there community. They didn't care to build one. They took our money and ran. The only community here is zionkick.com -- a community of people that feel ripped off, disenfranchised and taken advantage of. From the FAQ: "Why do people support projects? REWARDS... STORIES! Kickstarter projects are efforts by real people to do something they love, something fun, or at least something of note." There is only one story here, and it is *NOT* the one I backed for. Again, from the FAQ: "Transparency and communication are vital, especially after funding has ended." FAQ:"What is my responsibility for answering questions from backers and non-backers? People will reach out during the course of the project with questions about your project. These may range from queries on delivery dates to specific technical questions. These inquiries should be answered promptly and, in cases where other backers are asking the same information, publicly with a Project Update and through your Project FAQ (under your project description). Transparency is vital on Kickstarter." FAQ:"If I am unable to complete my project as promised, what should I do? ...If you realize that you will be unable to follow through on your project after it has been successfully funded, you are expected to offer refunds to all your backers. To avoid problems, don't over-promise when creating your project. If issues arise, communicate immediately, openly, and honestly with your backers." FAQ:"What do I do if I miss my Estimated Delivery Date? The Estimated Delivery Date is intended to set expectations for backers on when they will receive rewards. Setbacks are common to any project, and creative ones especially. When the unforeseen occurs, creators are expected to post a Project Update explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is part of the Kickstarter experience. Creators who are honest and transparent will find backers to be far more forgiving. We’ve all felt the urge to avoid things when we feel bad about them, but leaving backers in the dark makes them assume the worst. It not only reflects badly on the project, it’s disrespectful to the support that community has given and to other Kickstarter creators. Regular communication is a must." FAQ:"I haven't gotten my reward yet. What do I do? ...If the Estimated Delivery Date has passed, check for Project Updates that may explain what happened. Sometimes creators hit unexpected roadblocks, or simply underestimate how much work it takes to complete a project. Creators are expected to communicate these setbacks should they happen. If the creator hasn’t posted an update, send a direct message to request more information about their progress, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update." As you can clearly see even Kickstarter expects projects to provide an ongoing update of any significant events in the project's life cycle -- it's not unreasonable to expect that a project will update more than 2 times in *OVER SIX MONTHS*. Guys, I'm glad that you can't up or downvote me because of this because the Forbes article matches with my thinking pretty closely. Of course we're all upset that we haven't gotten something we view is "ours" in the time frame that the Devs originally said. But we were investing in a dream. How many of us actually looked up the info on the team behind this besides (like me) saying "oh cool they were part of the Flip video cameras, how bout that." I'll wager "not many of us. Most of us looked at the product page and said "wow that looks like a cool thing for $150, *click* BACKED" like we were on Amazon or something. Basically, treating it like Amazon with a really long delivery time. That's not how this sort of site works. These guys had a dream, and if they fucked up, then we have to take some of the blame for trusting them. I would REALLY like it if they would post more pictures and videos of the facilities, or of the prototypes, etc etc...just to show that our money IS being put towards something besides Ferraris. I do feel like they're accountable to us because of our money, just like any investor. But remember, every investor (which we are) has to make some bad bets sometime. Maybe these guys were just a bad bet. Prove me wrong, Eyez Guyz. Release some more prototype videos. Release some interviews. You got thousands of dollars more than what you originally asked for, showing that Kickstarter had faith in you. If you're not scammers, and you're actual inventors that just are having a rough time, PROVE IT TO US. Thanks. I registered on zionkick as jinisus. thanks I would like to remind backers signing up to www.zionkick-forum.com to please post their name or user ID here on the comments page so we can more easily verify you. The spambots are driving us nuts. Like who is "oxhxwxyt" at <email>? I don't know and I don't want to find out. This filtering process is to keep the forum free from spam and bad people. Just a short one liner saying your user ID or name is sufficient. Thanks. Stop spamming the comments with useless BS, Zion Eyez -- give us a real update, and refund our money already. Registered as Rizzn on zionkick Registered on zionkick as Bonnie Chen I don't care if kickstarter kept their 5% -- they didn't fail to keep their end of the bargain in my eyes. Zion Eyez are the scam artists here.... I just signed up on the forum - HappyMuffin @ ozy.....I believe that's a question that's going to have to be settled in court. Haven't you read their background on www.zionkick-forum.com? This was an unexpected avalanche of money that Kickstarter dumped in their lap. And Kickstarter doesn't care if they're legit or not. The only thing they care about is getting their 5%.....which has added up to a substantial amount of money over the short time they've been in business. And make no mistake about it. Kickstarter is a business. The only way anybody is going to give it up is to avoid going to prison. From the Forbes article: "In the case of Zeyez, pre-orders made on the Zyez site have, the company spokesman told me, been refunded as required by law." -- so where are the refunds for the pre-orders made on Kickstarter? i just now registered at the forum. 16:53 german time. GMT+1 Hi, Please active my account on ziokick-forum. I just registered - rsathya70. thanks. The Truth About Kickstarter and ZionEyez Forbes.com Mark Gibbs, Contributor <url>~95%? hope they send me a product, I also registered on the zion kick form just in case as akakiran this is getting ridiculous I either want my money back or two pairs of these glasses. Over a year with updates every 6 months isnt cutting it. "Funded! This project successfully raised its funding goal on July 31, 2011. " Over a year since they ran off with our money. How long has it been already since we paid? Well, the last update said "24-30 weeks from now, our manufacturer should be able to ship us the first mass produced batch of Zeyez eyewear ready for sale." -- Since only a moron would start selling before they send out the backer rewards, and only an incompetent moron would let that schedule slide without sending out an update, that implies our glasses are less than 7 weeks away. Awesome. /sarcasm. "Funded! This project successfully raised its funding goal on July 31, 2011. " It's like Kickstarter is mocking me every time I check for new comments. I don't check for new updates, since, well, Zion Eyez already gave us the big "F you" and ran off with our money. Congratulations on FOUR MONTHS since the last update from Zeyez. They'd get back to you, but they're currently busy driving around their fabulous new Fisker Karma. I wonder how much they had to pay in taxes on the money they got. Since they haven't delivered anything, they should have had to pay income taxes on the whole amount. Here is the latest smoke blown up my ass by Scott: We know our Backers don't want to receive another update about an "impending update". We are working on an update with content that will inform Backers of our progress and path to closing investment. But, we are reluctant to release it without answering the imminent question our Backers have all been asking, "when will I be receiving my glasses". We hope to have a viable answer in the near future, as we get closer to solidifying investment. Until then, feel free to share the information above with any of our Backers, and don't hesitate if you have anymore questions. Thanks again, -Scott -- basically he is admitting they have not made any progress in over 3 months, and have nothing new to inform us with. @Marten Brodje - Fantastic outlook! I agree 100%. Any investor doing "due diligence" will have to study the trail of lies "The Team" has left in their wake. When the glaring inconsistencies pop out just as easily to them as they did to us, no venture capitalist is going to fund these turkeys. They have NOTHING. Only a desire to get rich quick with an idea so obvious there's no way it could be protected by patents. And venture capitalists are notorious for not funding hardware. It's too easily cloned by the big boys if it proves to be a hot item. Carlos is simply playing a legal game in which the object is to be able to show in court (if that's where he winds up) that he was doing his job in trying to obtain capital funding for his company. It's all been smoke and mirrors since January....and possibly before that. For a more complete rundown see www.zionkick-forum.com. Sheesh! They should have been telling us that at least on a monthly basis. Does anyone think this is an acceptable way to treat customers? After pulling teeth, here is the latest line of BS I have received: Thanks for reaching out to us again. Here are a few more details about our project that may give you a better notion of where we are at in production. Initially when our engineering team began designing the product, the quotes to have custom hardware/software designed to maintain the form factor and functionality of Zeyez were miscalculated. When developing a new tech product, a certain level of "innovative" design elements are difficult to calculate because there is nothing viable to compare them to. For instance, developing/programming a microprocessor that can stream HD video is a daunting task, and manufacturers require capital to develop the technology to meet our requirements Even Google with their vast R&D budget has had trouble designing a sleek pair of video glasses that are appealing to the general public. There are a multitude of alterations we have to make to existing Hardware and Software for Zeyez to offer the functionality and aesthetic everyone wants. Luckily we are working with some of the most experienced engineers and manufacturers in the industry, and our last hurdle in getting Zeyez to our Backers is securing the remainder of the capital. Our most recent timeline presented in our latest update has been pushed forward because an investor we were in the final stages of negotiations with fell through. Although, our timeline hasn't changed in regards to how long it will take from time of investment to when the product ships. We are getting closer to solidifying investment and our Backers will be the first to know as soon as we do. "Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest," basically means they don't have sh*t. We've been scammed, still not gonna back another Kickstarter till this gets resolved. ZionEyez, just sell your idea and any patents pending to a company that can actually execute. Zioneyez -- stop repeatedly posting that you decided to ignore us, and start responding to us. I'm along for the ride. I hope this comes to fruition. Keeping faith in the fact that people want to make money and that the product will be created and eventually delivered. To the ZionEyez Team - hopefully the stress from this project is not too overbearing. Regardless of the press and the angry people, I'm sure the intent of this project was NOT failure and I feel proud to be at least part of something. Life is about chances and at least the ZionEyez Team took that chance. I had the option of taking a risk and I did so knowing that failure was possible. Nothing is guaranteed, but if you don't try you will never know. Great idea - hope to see it to the end. Whatever the outcome. @matt tedeschi: they have mentioned $1M for a while now and that is not a very high figure for setting up a manufacturing line for mass production. What we provided was enough money for the design and development and quite a buzz by funding six times what they were asking for in the beginning. I don't know if they sincerely underestimed the cost of design and development or if they went in low to get backers attention and media buzz but underestimated the rage of badly informed backers. But I'm sure they understood that additional funding was required for mass production. I think they underestimated the amount required and the difficulty in getting 'cheap money', i.e. funding with a low interest rate and no demands of control of the company attached. Yes, I think team Zeyez should have been communicating more frequently with the backers, a lot more actually. I also think that they should have been more open from the start with that additional funding was required for production and that this money should be provided by larger investors or by a future production partner. I still don't think that they ever will get a masters degree in communication but they are more open now and replying if you send them questions. What we need to remember, but not necessarily like is that: 1, We are not their main qustomers. They are targeting a mass market with hundreds of thousand of future customers. Actually, we are not customers at all, we are part of the funding. 2, We are not their main source of capital. We provided the initial funding for design and development to a very low cost, (2000 pairs of glasses and a couple of t-shirts), to be paid in the future. They are now focusing on bigger investors, either third part or a partner that will manufacture the glasses. This puts us at the back of the line when it comes to team Zeyez agenda at the moment. Number one today is to get the final funding in place, number two is to get media attention and reach out to a future market. By rocking the boat, we are making this a bit harder for them as we have been creating bad publicity for Zeyez (and Kickstarter) for a while now. We can either keep doing that to show that we are not very happy with how information has been provided or we can take a sad step back and wait. The former approach will not get us our 'reward'/glasses earlier, maybe not at all since investors might pull out if backers are starting to sue for breach of contract or filing charges for wire fraud. The latter approach will raise the probability for us to get our glasses. None of us will be impressed by how this was handled, many will not fund a project in the future but all have had the 'opportunity' to learn a bit of marketing, business ethics, product development and communication. With a pair of glasses to go with that, maybe the course fee wasn't that high. My personal stand at the moment is to wait and see, as I think this will (maybe) get me a pair of glasses in the end. Every backer has to decide for themselves which approach to take based on their own background, feelings etc. There is also a great forum (zionkick) set up to provide a way for backers to unite their efforts if there will be legal discussions. Mårten Are you serious...they are still looking for investors to start moving on the project that we a already committed almost 350K to! Their goal was 55K. At what point did 1 million ever get mentioned. they can't find investors for 650K how would they ever have found ones for 945K? @Mårten Brödje: Just wanted to say thank you very much for posting the mail conversation and your personal view. I can tell that you're trying to be as patient and objective as possible(certainly not easy given the circumstances) I have a similar position as yourself in that I am hoping that eventually we will receive a product and not have to fight for a refund(which may or may not be forthcoming) It's been a frustrating experience for all of us. I think I speak for a lot of backers(who haven't posted much) that we greatly appreciate you and all of our fellow backers who have taken the time and effort to get more information from Zeyes Registered as my username 9 days later, still no response from Zion Eyez regarding my last email. Still lying to us, what a classy organization. Godot will show up while we're still waiting for Zioneyez. Not trying to promote Pitvothead but, their glasses are pretty bad ass. I recorded this at 1080p <url>"...and posting an update saying where things stand would be a start". The one thing they don't seem to realize is that the last update is no longer valid. They gave us a timeframe in that update, and significant parts of that timeframe have passed. They need to take responsibility for this, and posting an update saying where things stand is a start. @Mårten Brödje: I will not block your account because of that text. It's your own decision! Nice work! Fellow backers. Below, please read a mail conversation between me and Scott at the Zeyez Team. When reading I urge you to take an as open and neutral stand as you can. I know that there are a lot of (rightfully) strong feelings in the backers community at the moment. I share these feelings and I have a lot to say about how this project has been presented, managed and communicated. When reading, put some extra notion on how they reply this time, not only what they are writing since there is not much new information. After the mail conversation, you will find my personal view. MAIL CONVERSATION (replies from Zeyez preceeded by "-") Hi Zeyez Team, Thank you for your reply and the recent update on Kickstarter. Following up on your update I have some additional questions that I really want answered in order to decide if I should 'rock the boat' or wait and see. Questions: I fully understand that setting up full scale production will cost a lot more than what was gathered via Kickstarter, but my own estimate is that the backer funding should have covered the design and prototying. Is that a correct assumption, and if so, is there a set design at this moment with a set tech.spec.? Does this design and spec. deviate from the original spec? Can the spec. be made available to us backers? -Initially when our engineering team began designing the product, the quotes to have custom hardware/software designed to maintain the form factor and functionality of Zeyez were miscalculated. When developing a new tech product, a certain level of "innovative" design elements are difficult to calculate because there is nothing viable to compare them to. For instance, developing/programming a microprocessor that can stream HD video is a daunting task, and manufacturers require capital to develop the technology to meet our requirements. For example, even Google with their vast R&D budget has had trouble designing a sleek pair of video glasses that are appealing to the general public. There are a multitude of alterations we have to make to existing Hardware and Software for Zeyez to offer the functionality and aesthetic everyone wants. Luckily we are working with some of the most experienced engineers and manufacturers in the industry, and our last hurdle in getting Zeyez to our Backers is securing the remainder of the capital. Our design specifications will be slightly enhanced due to availability of components and technological advancements over the last year. As soon as investment is finalized, we will send you an in depth overview of all the alterations. If/when investor financing is settled, how long will it take to get production started and how long will it take for the last backer to get his/her reward (i.e. glasses)? -Once investment is solidified, our ODM partner will be able to ramp production and have the product to our Backers within 24 weeks. Also, could you please revise your bad decision to only update when you have something positive to say? Backers should be kept equally informed on hurdles as on successes. - Absolutely, as soon as we have information to share with Backers regarding investment/production we will send an update. We've been refraining from posting an update that offers the same information that has already been shared, but rest assured any news, positive or negative will be shared with Backers. It's just taken us a lot longer than anticipated to solidify investment to complete the project. The investment process can take some time, but we are getting closer everyday, and have built an exceptional team in the mean time that will enable us to produce a great product as soon as investment closes. Last but not least. Even my ISP are personal in their dialog with me, if it is Brian at the help desk, he present him self as 'Brian at the help desk'. If it is Susan at sales, she makes sure that I know that. If you respond to a mail such as mine, where I give you my name, please provide yours if only by courtesy. I know it is not a team effort to respond to emails. - I'd be happy to! My name is Scott and I'm helping the Zeyez team answer all their Backer inquiries The founders of the project want to make sure we're doing everything we can to strengthen our relationship with Backers like yourself. Please don't hesitate if you have anymore questions! On behalf of the Zeyez Team, Thanks again. Scott MY POINT OF VIEW: First, remember that this is my way of looking at this, partly based on the input I have from active backers, Zeyez Team (Scott), press etc. but also based on years of professional knowledge in product development. Also remember, a backers pledge of $150 is not the same burden for all of us. For some it means that they had to give up something else that was dear to them to be able to back this project, for others it was not a lot of money or at least not a great lot of money. For me it was $150. I rather have a pair of glasses than no pair of glasses. If it is a scam, I want a refund but if it just a mismanaged project that doesn't lift, I'm a backer that backed the wrong project, my bad. I still think that the intention was, and still is, to get crazy rich by developing and selling cool spy glasses. They needed some money to start the engine and get the prototyping going. This is where we entered, i.e. right after the idea was hatched and the 3D Studio Max rendering was carried out. We helped them create a bit of a buz by funding 6 times what they where asking for. For some time, everything was great for Team Zeyez, media exposure, prototyping etc. But when they started to look at production the problems started to pile up. - they had to put up loads of more money to get a production line up and running, - some tech solutions that works on a prototype will be impossible or impossibly expensive to mass produce - investors don't give away money for free, i.e. the founders risk to loose power of the company or share of future profit, probably both. This is what has taken loads of time. Redesigning, finding solering methods, hinges, cabling etc. that work in large scale production but most of all finding "the cheapest money". I sincerely hope Zeyez will get the investments they need to start producing. Probably our little uprising has made this a bit harder for them. (Not our fault since we have tried to communicate all the time, they have not.) By communicating negative information to us backers, Zeyez would have made investors money even more expensive or harder to get. Therefore, it has been mostly radio silence from their part. Since it is spy glasses I want, rather than my $150, I will sit still in the boat (again). I don't ask you to do the same. You do as you think suit your own interests (and wallet) best. I do not think that the zionkick-forum is a bad thing, I hope it keeps discussing actions to be taken in case of an actual fraud or breach of contract. @greezer: I'm registered as Mårten Brödje on the forum. If you find that my current standpoint disqualifies me from the forum, please inform me as you block me. Best regards, Mårten On the KS homepage for this project, I was led to believe that there would be no 1M of additional investments required to deliver on the project. . I cite this quote from the project homepage: "ZionEyez has carefully assessed all of the possible options for getting the Eyez™ glasses to the market as quickly as possible. It has drawn an enormous amount of attention from some of the worlds biggest technology companies. We've discussed possible partnerships and other options with these companies, but we have decided to grow organically. Eyez™ glasses are a grassroots project. By keeping it that way, we can maintain the quality and style that our customers deserve, while keeping the cost affordable." . So raising 1M+ in financing is grassroots? . Despite how unlikely those thing sounded, I took the hook. I took their word for it. Now their word is not their word and a lot of people are out an awful lot of money. Well, at least the supposed investors have access to more information and are doing "their due diligence". However, I suspect that it will only turn up a lot of flaws and when combined with what appears to be gross mismanagement of the project will likely have any sensible investor heading for the doors. So if 1M of additional investment is the requirement for them delivering on their KS commitment, it would be reasonable to expect no product from them. Now would be a good time for them to do the right thing and send back the money they received, and for KS to send back what they received on this fraudulent project.. . Sounds ethical to me. If they actually do deliver, I can only imagine the warranty that we will receive. I suspect that as soon as it breaks the response will be "You are SOL, buddy." Carlos Becerra and Joe Taylor are the ones behind this colossal scam. I will do everything within my power to make sure these criminals face justice. you just keep diggin' yourselves into a deeper hole, ZionEyez/Zeyez. maybe if you keep on digging, you'll dig deep enough to finally break the surface to China! i mean, i hear they've got plenty of manufacturing plants there to help bring your project to fruition, at which point you could very well deliver the item(s) you promised your backers! This fiasco should end Kickstarter. They should only have given them the amount requested initially until they're ready to deliver and keep the overflow in reserve for refunds in the case of fraud like this. Kickstarter ABSOLUTELY created this situation by giving someone who asked for 55K all $343,415. Someone at both Kickstart and ZionEyez needs to go to JAIL. How is what happened here NOT A CRIME??? I've created an account with the email address <email>. @ michael - read the froum for what's going on. We will soon be sending out a message to all members of the forum. Hey Greezer, I just registered on your forum <email>. Lets Kick some zion ass!!!!! Registered as OMFA at 12:48 PST whats going on tell us They're just stalling, waiting for everyone to accept the fact they've been ripped off and move on with their life. What's sad is all the dickless losers that will let them get away with it. Same thing as letting some big kids take your lunch money at school. Pitiful. "million plus dollar financing necessary" "We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board" Keep those scam admissions coming. Now if only Kickstarter officials would take notice and move the project from funded to fraud & scams. ZEYEZ?! ARE YOU RETARDED?! Are you delusional? Do you now realize how angry and upset we are all? The lack of updates, the lack of progress. You guys are pathetic.. All user who signed at the forum, we have to communicate more!! I got another round of blahblah email and time has come to Zion-kick their asses! Please visit our forum! And, again, if you register yourself, don't forget to tell us here, so we can activate your account on www.zionkick-forum.com! What a useless message. My interpretation of it is that they have made absolutely no progress since April 10. If they had, they would have said so. (Of course, this all assumes that they had the intention of actually doing the stuff they said they would, and I now wonder if they did.) I think it's time to start writing letters to Visa. @ozy: guess what I did with my email? It also occurs to me that they want us communicating via email so that there is no public record of our communication attempts. I suggest that people start posting a copy of every email to or from zioneyez on this forum -- to refuse them the secrecy they want. Until they start providing us our information, and in an update to *everyone* we owe it to each other to keep everyone updated with the little information we have. On the plus side, guys : At least ZionEyez are taking notice of our actions, and were worried enough about our actions to respond. Granted, it was yet another delaying tactic, but it's more than we got in months. Sorry, zioneyes scammers. Too little, too late. I don;t want stall tactics and delays, I want answers and updates. They continue to stall for time. Nobody is going to finance them now. By the time they get to market it will be obsolete. Check out what Pivotheads can do already. Then google "video glasses" and see how many are now on the market. Then there's the little problem of venture capitalists not wanting to fund hardware. It's too easily copied and it becomes obsolete far too quickly. What looked like a really great product a year ago now looks luke-warm. And "...we won't be watching the comments..." I call B.S. They're feeling the heat. The calls have been coming in from the media wanting to know all about these Zioneyez glasses they're supposed to be making. Remember too that they didn't show a real prototype until December, when they were supposed to be delivering product. I say more lies in a long line of lies. Zioneyez, prove me wrong. It's just more vapor...... There is no Support for you. You won't support us either. We are a driving force in anything but you! Sure, you will ship those glasses, some day. Some day, maybe even the US-National Soccer team will win a world cup! And I guess, that happens before you finally ship! And our patience is gone, a long time ago. So who are you, to claim, we still support vaporware? There is no quick response from your side! Just registered as my username I paid USD 150 on June 2011 registred name : "velluet" joined Kickstarter on June 10, 2011 from France Thoses guys stole my money ! Shame not to have any answers and any way to get mymoney back ! registered alider Cooper Troxell, Apr 05 18:14 (EDT): Hi ...., Sorry to hear you’re having a bad experience. Obviously communicating with backers is a crucial part of running a Kickstarter. We emphasize the importance of this to creators every chance we get, but still it’s up to them to post Project Updates and respond to comments and messages. Kickstarter cannot issue refunds as all transactions are between creators and backers. If you wish, you can write the creator and request a refund. Creators aren’t obligated to issue refunds when a backer asks. The fulfillment of a project is the sole responsibility of its creator, but what happens in our community is important to us. Thanks for letting us know. Best, Cooper ..., Apr 05 15:31 (EDT): how do you get a refund for fraudulent product?! registered "ericdaniel" 7/18 14:07 PST. registered as Brady Anderson anything new from these deadbeats? Reg. as "David" thanks for the response Ozy of the nine successfully funded projects that i've backed with estimated delivery dates in the past, none of them were delivered on time. so, for me, my experience is that 0% of projects deliver on time... I found it surprising that 25% of projects ship within the estimated delivery timeframe. In my own experience, it's more like 10%, though it has been getting better recently. Wow, the stats pointed to by that article you posted MediaMatthew, are awesome. <url>"Going on 2 years"? I just got a class action lawsuit email from groupon for not offering refunds for unused groupons. I feel this is where kickstarters is heading. At this point we have no updates in months, and no option for a refund.... Going on 2 years. Biggest ripoff of my life!! Interesting article about all the KickStarter tech projects that haven't delivered on their rewards: <url>"Chuck Ibey" on July 12th, 11:51pm PST Registered @ 1:20am EST as Caius If people use credit cards, don't the credit card companies follow up and investigate? Registered @3:15 PST as NickWhite808 Oh and...has anyone contacted the Consumerist website about this scam? registered @5:46pm MST as Mayim Stapleton. Forgot to say....use your "comment page user id" or the user id you signed up to Kickstarter as. It will help us to verify that you are a genuine backer. I'd like to welcome Drew077 and all the other recent forum members. We're beginning to gain in numbers. But we're still a long ways from getting all the backers to join our crowd. Join us in our battle against the evil colossus. Registered as Drew077 on 7-12-2012 @ 5:32 P.M., CST. Nice to see everyone rallying together to get some responses! 26.7.2011 I paid $150- to Kickstarter for ZionEyez 8(( @James: we're working on a plan, if you have any questions about that, email me on greezer@zionkick-forum.com or <email> :) Hey Greezer. I was just exhaling because sometimes you just... have to sigh. This whole endeavor has been frustrating at best. The ZionEyez guys should all be horsewhipped. You're not alone R. Smith! I just activated your account, same for mattgmatt! Have fun reading the forum ;o) Registered as R. Smith on 7-12-2012 @ 4:45am, PST. I paid $150- to Kickstarter for ZionEyez : ( ...or forum time: 1:54 pm Registered as mattgmatt at 12:54. Is anyone a Linkedin member? If you are we'd like you to look up some information for us. We also had a request to join the forum from "wickedday". That name is not in the list of backers and not here on the comments page. Please use the correct sign up procedure so we can confirm you are one of us. Registered as wickedday @ 12:20PM PST. 'Sup James? (Sigh) Alain Freudiger: und freigeschaltet! Registriert: 10:54,. Auch aus der Schweiz ;-) Registered as DaveGilbert at 12:37 PST- Thank You! Registered as Mediamatthew at 10:31pm PST Len jordan: I didn't get a message about your registration.. Sure it worked? Andrew AuYeung: yeah, that's why we didn't found you. your nickname here is different from "acauyeun".. But welcome! I registered as Cameronie at 5:23pm registered as Len jordan registered as acauyeun, about 5 days ago registered as GTHK 10:22AM UTC+8 welcome chifuk! registered same as chifuk just now S. Ybarra & dezmo got 'em. Steven Ybarra - no regisration showed up. Would you please try again. There may have been a mistake. "dezmo" - same for you, please try again. There may be a glitch in the software. Do one more attempt and if that doesn't work we'll have to dig into the forum program. Thanks. What's odd is Carlos Lamas registration came through just fine and he was only 2 hours before you. registered as stevenybarra, july 10, 2012, 1:04pm central Registered as Dezmo. Registered as Carlos Lamas just now, 6:26pm forum time. Registered as Carlos Lamas just now, 6:26pm forum time. Registered as Carlos Lamas just now, 6:26pm forum time. Registred as Ilia1990 at 10.7.2012 John: come to the dark side, we have cookies @ www.zionkick-forum.com ! :) Here's a reddit post I made about my terrible experience: <url>"dplakosh" I'm having trouble verifying that you are a backer. Let me remind folks that if you register using the same name that appears on the Kickstarter list of backers, it makes it easy to verify you. The reason for doing that is to keep "spambots" off the forum. So it's necessary to verify each and every person who signs up. It's not a privacy issue as that info is already public information, all 2,106 of us. registered at 7:00 PM (GMT-6) Sunday 7/8/2012 as sweetypants registered at 12:29pm (GMT+2) If you'll notice, ZionEyez hasn't logged onto Kickstarter since 06/17/12. They have yet to respond to a message and email I sent them last week. I think it's pretty clear they are completely ignoring backers. Just an FYI... Registered 4:53am (GMT) Sunday 7/7/2012 What do you intend to do with this website you've created and all the registered people? Are you using it to put together a class action lawsuit? Registered 12.52 GMT 7/7/12 Please have patience with the forum sign-up. Greezer is the pro but he hasn't used the forum software in ten years. I've never used forum software in my life. But we're struggling our way through, trying to make things work. We should soon have the process streamlined by tomorrow. SOMETHING THAT NEED TO BE CLARIFIED - Please sign up using the SAME USER ID you used to sign up to this comments page. That's how we know if you're a real backer or some troll sneaking in to cause problems for us. I'm currently awaiting an answer to a question about the approval process. This is just a little bump in the road. The problem will soon be solved. As soon as we're clear on things, we'll post another set of instructions in baby steps. (so even I can understand it) Registered 4:15 local time. I just registered under name "gabea87" at 6:57. We're gathering an army. Go to www.zionkick-forum.com and sign up. You'll be issued a uniform, rifle, and hand grenades. You know who the enemy is. Seriously, there is strength in numbers, please join us. It costs nothing. Operators are standing by for your calls. I'll repeat, because we got a few registrations without an username we can assign to a username here! I set up a forum on my personal webspace just for backers! If you want to register, you'll have to use the SAME nickname as here, so for example, I would use "greezer", and after that, please post here the exact time of registration (of the eMail you should get) and William Walker or I will unlock you. go to www.zionkick-forum.com and register! Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions! hey i registered at kickzion.com under "woogawooga' i dont even remember my login if thats my actual username on kickerstarer but heres my profile info <url>"greezer", and after that, please post here the exact time of registration (of the eMail you should get) and William Walker or I will unlock you. go to www. zionkick-forum.com and register! As annoying as KS projects can be, almost all of them still come through. I was on vacation last week, and this morning I picked up 6 packages from KS projects. Why are you writing to the BBB? They have no authority. Shouldn't you be dealing with the State Attorney General. I would think someone in Seattle would have visited their office. I cant believe this is still happening. EVERYONE should call this number 360 383 7735 and leave a message if they dont pick up. It's the ZionEyez #. <url>"satcat69" and I have left links to the BBB in Washington state where I have filed a formal complaint. I know I will never see my $150.00. again, But to raise awareness to these scams and inform future investors of the risks...makes it all worthwhile.. DIRTY, in Nevada u write a bad check for 100.00 they prosecute you, these scummy's loot 350k and that's not enough to prosecute, WTF is wrong here. Kickstarter better step up here. I feel kickstarer profited from this scam therefore is part of the scam, make it right please. I am in too, just registered. I understand that not all Americans are passive media consumers. A very small percentage actually get off the couch and do something. But I'm reminded of a quote about "...a nation gets the government they deserve." We no longer have a government of the people. It's a govt. of war profiteers, drug dealing, energy profiteering and monetary fraud. We, as citizens of the US, are getting screwed every time our hearts beat. The other day I went through all the comments from January till the end of June and only 107 names appeared. And most of the comments were from a small group of vociferous backers. Granted there's not much to say but just a word or two of support would go a long way towards encouraging the few that actually do things to help them keep on going. I was going through the list of backers last night and was surprised to see how many came from countries other than the US. This is a genuine world wide scam. A person from say Hong Kong would feel particularly helpless in trying to see some justice brought to these scammers. It's pretty much up to us Americans to tow the weight on this one. If we could get the email addresses of all the backers from Kickstarter we could easily find out who is with us. If 1000 backers donated just $10 that might possibly be enough to get a lawyer involved on our behalf. My $150 is gone. I accept that. Now I just want to see Karma attached to those who partied on our money. I've been around long enough to know that Karma is too important to be left the the whim of the Universe. It needs some helping hands right here on Earth. Greezer set up a forum at www.n8meer.com where we can freely discuss our concerns without fear of Kickstarter suddenly deciding it doesn't like the tone of what we say and shuts down the comments. There's a very practical reason for being selective about who gets in. Should we be so naive as to think "The Team" doesn't monitor these comments to see which way the wind is blowing? We don't need an "enemy within" negating our efforts. It's hard enough now finding the time to be involved. I hope this more clearly presents my views. I am angry and willing to take action. I live in California, not all Americans are passive as you describe. @greezer: yeah, i get that point, and like i said, i'm all for it. but at the same time, it doesn't benefit the cause to call other backers names and create division. let's keep the frustration aimed at the right people is all i'm saying... and we, as backers, don't have any chance to communicate via messages here on KS.com @leox037: We wanted a place to discuss our further steps against ZionEyez. We sure can do that here in "public", but then the ZionEyez-Team will know every step we take. One of that guys is a lawyer, so do the math. In that forum, we can talk as a closed circle with only the backers. That's all! screw it. i decided to change my kickstarter name to match the zionkick username... sorry. i registered under the username "leox037" and not my kickstarter name... i just registered. 3:09am, pacific standard time... Leo -- I would like to see *ALL* backers get registered at www.n8meer.com -- I advise registering anyway, and seeing if this can get straightened out. I do see some value in keeping some of the discussion more confidential than the rest, though... @William Walker - taking a page from ZionEyez, i would like to "join the movement" you guys are starting up, but it seems like you guys are going to be pretty exclusive from what i'm reading. personally, i'm just as pissed off as you and the other more vocal backers, but to make generalized sweeping statements that the rest of us who haven't commented that much are "useless" and enjoy being screwed is probably somewhat counter-productive. one minute, you're talking about gathering a list of all the backers to form a cohesive consumer group (which, by the way, is a great idea), and the next, you're talking about how most on here don't mind being screwed from behind... i'm guessing not so much. i know you're frustrated, but how about directing it at the idiots at ZionEyez and not the backers who got just as screwed as you did. i've been checking the comments section regularly to see if there is any progress being made, and haven't commented because, quite frankly, there isn't anything more to say that others haven't said or aren't already saying. i did post a "FYI" comment and link regarding the Vergence Labs video glasses project because i was dumbfounded that someone else was trying to start a similar project after a whole YEAR of us waiting for this stupid one! if you still want to form a consumer group to take the fight to ZionEyez, i'm in (i'm just as legit a backer as you are). if you think i'm not valuable for the cause, then i'm more than willing to fight on my own. either way, let me know. i don't want to waste my time and try to register with your group only to be denied after been deemed "useless." received 9:54 PM (0 minutes ago) Sender: <email> MIME-Version: 1.0 Message-ID: <email> Date: Mon, 02 Jul 2012 04:54:07 +0200 This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Registered 8:26 (uct+8) Chinese standard time Thank! I listed Carlos Becerra as being an attorney in California. That may not be correct. I sent an email to a person who has met with Carlos and asked him to specifically identify what Carlos Becerra (there's a lot of 'em, it's a fairly common name) is the CEO of Zioneyez. So until you hear more, please assume the Carlos listed below is a different Carlos Becerra and is not affiliated with Zioneyez. I'm waiting for a reply right now. Somebody get a rope, thar's gonna be a hangin. Enemy spotted. I just registered under username Tamim, reporting in. Registered 15:14 CET Great initiative! allright, I set up a forum on my personal webspace and with a domain I've not been using a long time. If you want to register, you'll have to use the same nickname as here, so for example, I would use "greezer", and after that, please post here the exact time of registration (of the eMail you should get) and William Walker or I will unlock you. go to www.n8meer.com (sorry for that domain, I've got nothing better atm) and register! Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions! @ozymandias - For sure dude. You've done a lot of work on this thing. It's time for us to come together and work as a group. We just have to be careful who we let into the group for obvious reasons. Maybe we should have two groups, one being an "inner circle" for those known to be legit backers. It seems that most of these backers are the New Americans...."Here, let me drop my drawers so you can stick it up my......ahhhh, do it some more, deeper....ah, now it feels so normal." Our once proud citizens have been turned into passive, silent consumers who think getting screwed is the new normal. I guess, we got in touch! @William: I just made a post in the about-section of your page, sorry I didn't remember, that you're behind zionkick.com :) In your wordpress-admin panel you should see my email-address, ending with @me I hope we can get in touch.. William, let me know when to register on your site. I know how to have users prove their identity, and it is fairly simple -- have a user register on your site, and send you a pass phrase. after that, they can post the pass phrase here, proving they have control of this account. As long as the time stamps line up, it makes it easy to tie the users together. @greezer - I opened the website www.zionkick.com to serve as a focal point for those of us who want to make sure the Karma these guys have generated follows them for a good many years. It would be unwise to openly talk strategy on an open page like this as I'm sure Carlos Becerra is monitoring it to see how bad the situation is getting for him and his conspirators. Right now I've got www.zionkick.com set up as an open blog where comments can be made anonymously but I think it's about time to branch into a closed (private) section to discuss the legal strategy we'll be following. I've read this whole comment section (all 20 pages, took 2 days) so I'd know who's for real and so to not be letting any false backers in. Anyone who hasn't made any comments by now is pretty much useless as far as I'm concerned. Carlos Becerra is the CEO of these monkeys and we should begin making him the target of our investigation. He went into this as a very inexperienced lawyer (got his license 2010) and I think he's made some mistakes a more experienced attorney would not have made. Like putting a very expensive education in jeopardy for what's going to look like a very foolish payoff. That's one of the downsides of getting stoned and coming up with what seems like a really great idea for making money. When the smoke clears the problems begin to pop up. This whole Zioneyez thing grew out of their Firefly vaporizer. Or rather the testing of their vaporizer. Leave me a message on www.zionkick.com and I'll contact you and we can develop a secure channel from there. @ Bill Rivers - Do a google search on "video cam glasses" or some such thing and you'll find lots of glasses on the market now. 720p glasses are not cutting edge anymore. Haven't checked in in awhile... I was hoping to find an update. I want my f****** money back. I'd like to know this carlos becerra's home address and beat his ass. Who is the a hole in the videos? Is that becerra? So... There are other glasses already on the market? Which ones, where? Yeah so I guess this will be my first and last Kickstarter. What a bunch of scam bullshit. @William Walker: are you on twitter or anywhere? I got some intresting information, maybe.. But it's hard to find you with your name :) @ ozymandias... You filed a complaint with the Seattle BBB and it had zero effect. The CEO for Zioneyez is Carlos Becerra, a young man who recently passed the California bar exam (2010) and is now an associate at Tredway, Lumsdaine & Doyle’s in California (<url>"advisers". Still, even if they got the full $340K it would still be chump change compared to the value of their name. What we need to keep in mind is Carlos Beccara, CEO of Zioneyez, is a lawyer. Lawyers are people "trained in ways of circumventing the law". All the promises to deliver are just a legalistic stalling device designed to wear us down. I went back to January and counted how many people posted comments here. A grand total of 107. That's about 5% of backers actually care enough to post a comment. And out of that 107... you, Garcia85, David Elliott, greezer and a few others posted most of those.That means that if just a very few guys give up, the other 95%+ will give up too. If we had the list of all the backers (2000+) we could email them and form a powerful consumer group. But what's the chance of Kickstarter doing that without a court order? I put everyone's screen name (who posted a comment) in a spreadsheet but I don't know how to take it the next step....(getting their personal email addresses). Anybody got any ideas? We need to do something in a timely fashion or our group will dissolve like smoke and the "Team" will waltz off with big smiles looking to pull a new scam somewhere else. @Scott, that's what I thought -- but I wanted to believe that they were above lying to my face like that. Guess they have no morals or self respect. Kotaku: <url>#19). There're now over a dozen other HD video glasses on the market now. ZionEyes has completely missed the boat here. Poor execution. Zeyes...you hairy dirty dick lickers. We need Engadget/Gizmodo/The verge to get the word out about the risks of backing something like this on Kickstarter. This is Fraud, and Kickstarter should be held responsible for things like this. We provided funds, they didn't provide goods/services. If we cant get our money back, at least we can warm other people about what a scam kickstarter is. Well, Zion Eyez *just* responded to my BBB complaint. They claim that they recently provided an update to all backers that addressed all my concerns. Anyone see any update recently? All I see is the half hearted excuses they made back at the beginning of *APRIL* -- far from what I would consider 'recent'.... Eric, what company issues your card? After contacting ZionEyez, Kickstarter, and Amazon seeking a refund. Which of course was a dead end. I then gathered all the above email, and forwarded to my credit card company, and succeeded in obtaining a refund from them. Well, this is rude! Just swinging by to check on my favorite (read that as *ONLY*) failed (read that as *SCAM*) kickstarter project. No updates? What a surprise!? I'm done with this, not only have they taken forever, but their specs (720p) are starting to look outdated. Like I said, I'm taking this as a loss, if they do happen to make progress down the road and I get my glasses a year from now then yeah sure great but I just feel sorry for the folks to forked over more than just the $150 @garcia, it's become a joke. If you email them, they claim that they will post an update 'soon'. Of course, it takes a week for them to reply -- and they have been making that claim for 3 months.... Wow I just realized that the last update was back in April.. so its been over 2 months with no update..almost 3 months.. ridiculous on a side note, heres a video with my pivotheads.. very satisfied lol.. <url>™? Your Eyez glasses will ship during the Winter 2011 season. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment. So start shipping these f***** Glasses!!! can we have kickstarter to be liable? David -- I expected an update no matter what the status is.... Actually, by my calendar, it has only been just over 10 weeks since April 10 (the date of the last update), so they still have a couple of weeks before the 8-12 weeks of additional design and testing was scheduled to be done. (This doesn't mean I think they are actually doing any of this - you'd think they would have said something in the past 10 weeks if things were going along as expected.) Well I am officially annoyed by this project. This week I have now tryed contacting ZionEyez, sent a complaint to the BBB and to the FTC. Hopefully it will help somewhat. Does anyone know if 360 383-7735 is their real number? After almost a week I got a reply to my email -- what happened to the 'promise' of 48 hour response times? Anyway, among all the lies, excuses and 'promises' of updates in the near future (please keep in mind they have been claiming that since the day the last update was released) they said this: "We will update our Backers when we have the means to refund those who are unwilling to wait for Eyez." Looks like they are planning on offering a refund! FINALLY, some news from these con artists that we can get excited about -- but not too excited, as it is likely as much of a lie as everything else they say. @Marten, looks like the same form letter they have been sending me for *MONTHS* -- basically a noncomital claim at an update that will address *all* concerns at some indeterminate time in the future. I just want my refund. Dear all, According to update 19, 'development phase' should be ended by now. 8-12 weeks from that date. For that reason, I requested a new update to be issued, (see my email and their reply below). From the reply it seems that they are still in development phase... I strongly advise the ones that haven't done so yet, to prepare to take legal actions if an update is not issued within the next three or four days. Being a bit naive, I still hope they can get their things together and have this out on the market by this year. Adding ( even more) legal problems and bad press will however not help this but if they don't start communicating, I will not care anymore. My email: Dear Zioneyez Please provide a project update as 12 weeks has past since update 19. During this period design and test phase were to be finalized. Has this been carried out according to schedule? If not, what parts of design phase is lagging? Has production investment (> $ 1 M according toupdate 19) been carried out? Is the manufacturing of pre-production / backers batch started? Will this batch cover the entire backer volume (2223 glasses / 2106 backers)? Best regards, Mårten Brödje Backer Their response: Hi Marten, Thanks for reaching out to us. We have been preparing and update, but are waiting for more details pertaining to engineering and distribution before it is released. The next update will address all the concerns of our KS backers and offer more insight into where we are at in the development process. Stay tuned. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team "No price listed but it looks to be a real product. <url>" These are still in the "pre-order" stage. However, I have a feeling that one day everyone will have a pair of these. Joe Taylor probably isn't even really from Purdue. Well, I'm thinking from what they put in their "press release" and what they delivered, we've got a pretty solid fraud charge going....if we can interest some law enforcement entity in filing a case. If they delivered a product, any product, that might give them some wiggle room. Their CEO is an attorney (Carlos Becerra is an associate at Tredway, Lumsdaine & Doyle’s <url>"cutting edge" these assholes are. By the time "the team" gets it together, the world will have moved on to retina implants. I used to think Purdue had an excellent engineering program but if Joe Taylor is what they're cranking out now, they've fallen to the level of a community college. No price listed but it looks to be a real product. <url>"Ripoff Report". (address on www.Zionkick.com). I posted a report in support of your initial report. Wouldn't it be nice if another thousand Zioneyez victims posted their support too. With that much support a lawyer might take some interest in it. If nothing else than for the thought that if he could get them to donate $10 apiece that would give him $10,000 to file the necessary paperwork in whatever court would have jurisdiction. I would love to see these pukes have to explain in a courtroom what they've done. And I'm willing to buy a ticket to see it happen. Don't get mad. Get even. I was told Vengence Labs purchased a Makerbot 3D printer. The person who told me speculated that they may have purchased it to make the frames. Before handing over any money, it would be a good idea to find out if their parts are going to be "printed". If so, they will look like they came out of someone's garage. We've been screwed once. Don't make it twice. Check on this and post their response here for our fellow victims to read. Pivothead offering $125 to ZionEyez Kickstarter Backers! Hey so I had posted a few days ago about how I got in touch with someone at Pivothead and told them our situation with ZionEyez. To make a long story short, they're offering us $25 off Pivothead glasses (they have four different models to choose from) and giving us the Air Pivotheads for free (they cost $99 but we're getting them for free) In case you dont know what the Air Pivotheads are, heres a description. "With Air Pivothead you can connect your glasses to the device and wirelessly stream videos and photos to any WiFi enabled device (iPhone, iPad, Android). In addition, Air Pivothead comes equipped with a SD Card slot that will allow you to dump data from your glasses all while providing a quick battery boost." All you need to do is go to www.pivothead.com and add whatever glasses you want, then click on "accessories", add the Air Pivot Heads . Once you get ready to check out, the coupon code is "PIVOTHEADCONVERTS". I tried it and it worked for me. Like I said before, these glasses are a bit pricey but, I think its a kind gesture what Pivothead is doing, hooking us up. I know Vergence Labs was giving ZioneEyez backers an extra pair of glasses for free if you backed their project but if you're iffy about that project, or dont want to wait until Christmas time get those glasses, just go with the Pivotheads, just sayin' They have been ignoring my messages for a while now, if they don't contact me by the end of the week I will be filing a claim. so do i, When will i receive the stuff or do the refund I live overseas, too. And my credit card company said they can check card transactions immediately but they can't confirmed whether merchants provide right goods or service correspond to the amount. So the merchants are only possible to cancel it. How can I get my money back?... When will i receive the stuff??????????? I wish Visa was a little less evil and would let me do a charge back.... How can i do the refund ? i live oversea As mentioned before, my credit card company refunded the $150 last month. I would love to have a pair of discreet recording glasses, but I've learned my lesson and from now on I only purchase things that actually exist. AJ, I reported these people to the BBB, the Police, and the FTC. I suggest you do the same. why don't we report this to the police? this is fraud. Hey guys is anyone intrested in some Pivotheads? I had sent Pivothead a pretty lengthy email about our situation and how we've been shafted by ZionEyez (not in those words lol) and they gave me a coupon code for $25. The person I had emailed got me in contact with an individual whose Head of US Operations? Anyways, I went more indepth about this whole fiasco about ZioneEyez, they're looking into it, at a possible discount for all ZionEyez Kickstarter Backers. The same way Vergence Labs offered a second pair of glasses free if you backed their project except with Pivothead, they might give you a decent discount code instead. Now these glasses are by no means cheap, even with the coupon code they gave me it came out to $330ish but judging by the videos on youtube, the quality of these things seem pretty damn good. As with the discount, who knows, maybe they'll do more than just $25 coupon code for the rest of us. Like I said in my prior posts, I know these Pivotheads aren't discreet like Eyez or even those glasses by Vergence Labs but theres a lot of POV recording I want to do, and I'm tired of waiting on ZionEyez and nothing against Vergence Labs but I'm tired of dropping $200 on a product I dont even know I'm gonna get. At least with these glasses, you know you're gonna get them in a matter of weeks once you order them. ...and no I dont work for Pivothead, I backed this project back in July just like everyone else, and I been complaining and criticizing Zeyez like most of you lol.. anyways, let me know what you guys think. guys, Is anything new update or refunding? I almost forgot this crap and still there is nothing. such a shame. I had emailed Pivothead and they were kind enough to give me a 25 dollar off my purchase, kudos to them. Despite multiple promises that an update is coming soon -- it's been two months since the last update. Where are our refunds? @Garcia -- That 's my plan as soon as I get my refund from Kickstarter/Zioneyes. After watching the video on the pivotheads.. <url>"invest" in their projects are on their own. So how bout those pivot heads? Might pick me up a pair. Also, I contacted kickstarter again,this time just cursing at them. Five bucks says they reply with a copy and paste response there's some serious sh** going on here on KS, and I really lost my faith in this page. You'll get scammed, lied to, nice projects with awesome people behind them will get cancelled and all KS does, is copy/paste some canned answers or nothing. When I finally got all my backed products, I'll get rid of my KS account and you'll never see me again.. Sad but true.. @Eric -- as far as I am concerned, the fact that they are redesigning the project, and are unable to provide *ANY* details, and are unwilling to provide *ANY* updates, this project is a failure. Until they decide to provide an update to the contrary, we should all assume that. All that remains is them telling us how to get our refunds. I posted in anger last night after reading up on this project. I'd be completely happy with a rudimentary product that barely works for the price, for the record. The project is still on as far as I know and I sincerely hope we succeed, even if it's not a complete home run. @enri -- that might be a good idea. I know in *my* state, you can tack on lost wages, as well as filing costs to small claims -- and if the defendant doesn't show, I believe it's a summary judgement. What I don't recall are the restrictions on what counts as a small claim. It might be interesting to see a slew of small claims filings across the country smacking these guys around. I wish i had just bought a t-shirt. As a $300 pledger, this is bullsh*t, and i'm OUT on ALL kickstarter projects until i am holding f*cking zeyez in my hands. Everything is still a scam folks. I think it might have something to do with them offering a buy one get one free deal for all the people who funded the 150 for the Eyez glasses. Does any one know if we can take them to small claims court? Why were these new guys taken down? <url># darn nice of them :) "ZionEyez did not respond to requests for comment." [<url>“reforms” in the Act are of questionable merit and could open the door to new abuses. Public solicitation is any form of advertising or approaching strangers such as by putting leaflets on their car windows. Up until now, the law has required a “pre-existing relationship” between the solicitor and the potential investor. It was not always clear how much of a relationship was required. Kickstarter's business plan depends on blurring that relationship. Another aspect of Kickstarter's business plan is knowing that unless at least a million dollars was at stake, the case was just too small for most prosecutors to pursue. There are too many bigger crooks out there.However, the point is that if they overpromise what investors may receive they could be liable for fraud. The SEC has 270 days to implement additional regulations, and it is not clear at this time how restrictive or liberal these rules may be. The SEC is inviting the public to send in comments but the one we're interested in is Title III. This is no big deal. Just go to <url>"Crowd ****". But we need a crowd to make it work. None of us can do this alone. Bookmark www.zionkick.com so you can easily keep up with ongoing efforts at money recovery. Article in Sydney Morning Herald - <url>“purchase” and not an “investment”. I have been following backers comments every week. You all will definitely be interested in the following response I received to my request for an update: We appreciate your support and belief in our product. We must regretfully inform you that due to continued delays, Zeyez will be postponing the anticipated shipment date of our highly anticipated product Eyez. As a result, we are offering all of our Pre-Order customers full refunds to those customers who would rather wait to purchase Eyez when they become available. If you would like a refund, please send us your mailing address so we can send you a refund promptly. We apologize for any inconvenience. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team I really want these but i am going to cash in because it very much seems like these will never be produced. Hang in there backers I’m with you in spirit! The following comment was posted on zionkick.com: their website soon after the kickstarter closed. Thank god for that because this was definitely a “purchase” and not an “investment”. I have been following backers comments every week. You all will definitely be interested in the following response I received to my request for an update: We appreciate your support and belief in our product. We must regretfully inform you that due to continued delays, Zeyez will be postponing the anticipated shipment date of our highly anticipated product Eyez. As a result, we are offering all of our Pre-Order customers full refunds to those customers who would rather wait to purchase Eyez when they become available. If you would like a refund, please send us your mailing address so we can send you a refund promptly. We apologize for any inconvenience. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team I really want these but i am going to cash in because it very much seems like these will never be produced. Hang in there backers I’m with you in spirit! ******************************************************************* We have had to give "the team" sufficient time until it would be obvious that Zioneyez was a scam. I think that time has arrived. It's time to develop a legal strategy for bring these guy to justice for fraud. This comment area is unsuitable for this purpose. Please go to www.zionkick.com and bookmark the page so you can check back easily to see what progress is being made. The more backers support this effort the easier it will be. So I had asked a question to vengeance labs who are making glasses similar to zeyes. They've reached their goal and seems like they've progressed a lot compared to zeyes. I'm actually tempted to back this project but I've been burned by zeyes. I'm gonna try calling my bank tomorrow to see if I can get a refund and maybe use that money towards this project. <url>"Real Artists Ship." ~Steve Jobs Now, Garcia -- about the pledge amount -- we invite you to pledge more -- Anyone who uses Kickstarter is very much aware that the pledge amount is a minimum -- not a maximum, and it is VERY common for a project to presell much more than $50,000. We invite you to pledge for product, and we guarantee that we will indeed be shipping this product as promised. We've established cost of manufacturing, have many contacts in place for our supply chain, have a killer team in place, several incredible advisors (including ex Google, ex Dept. of Defense, etc) -- we are just graduating from the esteemed Stanford StartX accellerator, we are located right next door to companies like Google and Apple -- and also, by the way -- have every intention of seeking institutional fundraising to grow our company. This is kickstarter is not meant to fund our entire company moving forward! That would be naive and silly. This is an opportunity for you to pre-order product, which we've priced out and believe we can produce at these quantities for the minimum pledge amount being asked. Of course we hope to exceed that goal in the upcoming days. Hope this answers your question well enough. Our product will ship as promised and we would appreciate it if you understand that another project's failing is merely an indicator of them not doing a good job, and has nothing to do with us. Thanks! Good luck and cheers! @M Danu: and where will they "find" it? Most card companys only refUnd the money 6Mths back, in this case, we almost have one year since it was paid. My account-manager laughed at me.. Call your Credit Card company and they will refind the money!!!! i want my money back. Amex dispute here i come. @Gabriel Kickstarter basically says 'tough'. The first few times I contacted them, they said they would request an update from Zion Eyez -- but recently they simply ignore my email -- just like Zion Eyez does. I'm so disgusted with this project and Joe Taylor! Not only will they not respond to ANY of my emails, but now its been over 7 weeks since last update. Has anyone tried to inform kickstarter about this and if so what did they say? I just sent theman email awaiting their reply. I wish i could call my credit card company and tell them this was a scam but its been WAY OVER the alotted 100 day period. This is making me rethink the awesomeness of kickstarter. And kickstarter should realize they are losing respect by this because it seems they have absolutely no control of the projects! 2 weeks ago, I was promised an update 'soon'. Yet another lie by these con artists. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. how can we do a class action lawsuit? has anyone been keeping up with the google glasses? i know their not discreet or anything but they still look pretty cool. <url>#19, > (8-12 weeks from April 10)? > When do you estimate pre-production ('backers batch') to begin? > Will pre-production cover the entire backer volume (2106 backers, 2223 > glasses)? > When is the set date for update #20, (or prerequisites for that update to > be issued)? > > Regards, > > Mårten Brödje > Backer Their response: > Hi Marten, > Thanks for reaching out to us. > Our next update will cover all the questions you're inquiring about. We > will be releasing it in the near future to update all of our Backers on the > status of Eyez. > Best Regards, > -The Zeyez Team 'The near future'. We live in exciting times. /Mårten I pledge $150 to the defense fund of the backer that catches up with these guys. Hey, we might be getting screwed over with this project, but don't let the next batch of people go through what we did. I hit up that other kickstarter project that was making video glasses and left a comment letting them know about my experience. I had to pledge a dollar in order to be able to leave a comment but I felt like it was worth it. Here's the link in case anyone wants to do the same but hopefully my post is more than enough to raise awareness. <url>"What evidence do we have that they are an actual backer" Because I have posted the "Please refrain from speaking on my behalf in the future, I´m a backer and I´m NOT angry so there are no 2106 backers angry,."... @Lawrence -- I have lost faith in the BBB. I filed a complaint, and ZionEyez said 'too bad' and BBB closed the issue as 'Closed -- Assumed Resolved Satisfactorily), which it really was not. The only thing that will satisfy me is the product I originally bought -- or a full refund. After a *month* I finally got an email reply -- that stated they will be posting an update on Kickstarter in the future.... Gee, thanks, I guess. I had not been brushed off lately. I think websites like Gizmag should do a cover story on how these assholes pulled the biggest fraud on Kickstarter. All those movies about the perfect bank heists and scams are outdated. THIS is the perfect scam. I'm surprised no one thought to look up these scum like Joe Taylor with a knock on their door yet. <url>"whatever, let's keep the money" i.e. they got corrupted and right now, they are feeding little slow status updates to keep most people pacified (and I suspect they are feeding the same status updates to the banks and police who are also probably making half-hearted investigations), while ZionEyez slowly transfers money out of their bank account into some offshore account. Then ZionEyez will suddenly disappear. < /theory 1 > < theory 2 > ZionEyez is incredibly poorly managed but is slowly getting their act together, and eventually, like by 2014, you will be getting your glasses. < /theory 2 > Awesome -- I will have to try that. Original Winter 2011 shipping date. April 10th update saying delivery in 24-30 weeks. how did you convince them this was fraud? Just contacted credit card company Capital One and they are doing a chargeback, even at this late date. The rep said that at this point it would have to be proven that the product was sent before they would undo the charge back. @william -- What evidence do we have that they are an actual backer -- and not just the con artists making a fake account on your site? @John: The correct number should be 2,105. I received the following from Robin Jacobs. "Please refrain from speaking on my behalf in the future, I´m a backer and I´m NOT angry so there are no 2106 backers angry,." He took the time and effort to post that to www.zionkick.com so we must assume he's happy with the Zioneyez "efforts". I was tempted to offer to sell him my $150 share for only $100 (what a deal) but it seemed like that would simply be rubbing salt into an already festering wound. The outcome of this is a learning lesson for 2,106 backers to carefully analyze what they pledge for and even consider pledging in kickstarter. In fact, over the last month, I have sent you 12 emails -- and only one of those emails got a reply -- which consisted of a copy/paste of the kickstarter update -- despite the fact that that was *not* actually an answer to the questions I asked. ZionEyez, what happened to your claims of 48 hour response times? I have sent you *repeated* emails asking you questions -- and you have not bothered to reply. Are you still alive? <url>… Damn! I thought these were the Zioneyez guys making a new pitch under a new name. That would be pretty ballsey, trying to pull that one off. These new guys must have thought "Hey, those Zioneyez guys pulled a nice scam. Let's do it too." I knew a guy back in the internet stock bubble days who specialized in selling stocks to people who had already been ripped off. He said the more times they had been ripped off the easier it was to get them to go for another scam. Which just goes to show....what we thought we were paying for will eventually become a viable product. It's an idea whose time has come. Eventually we'll be able to buy a pair of glasses like what we're looking for. I'd sure like to bump into those Zioneyez guys some day in a dark alley.....tell 'em how much I appreciate 'em. Would everybody please just settle down. The Zioneyez "team" is currently busy scraping the names off of some $39.95 video glasses they bought for us and then putting a Zioneyez sticker on them. Give 'em a break. They've got to keep testing that Firefly vaporizer too. It ain't easy working on glasses when you're ripped outta yer skull on good bud. And with $340K to spend you can bet they got enough to keep that Firefly burning for a long time. A freelance journalist is looking for backer comments about uncompleted crowdsourced funding projects. Preferably a comment from the legal perspective, specifically the rights of donors, including Australians that might donate to a US based project. Go to my blog at www.zionkick.com and I'll connect you with the journalist. updates please!!!! over 1mth now since the last update! Well the paragliding trip was awesome. I sure could of used my ZEYEZ THAT WERE SUPPOSE TO SHIP IN WINTER OF 2011! SO DISGUSTED ALREADY... Update please. You got the money the Backers provided. Now please do your part. So, ZionEyez, when are you going to start pretending to have any respect at all for your backers? Reached funding goal - July 31, 2011 Still no updates on delivery dates - May 11, 2012 Can the ZionEyez team please send out some updates on delivery dates? I thought I'd gift myself one of these last Christmas, I am hoping that I would be able to do that this Christmas. Reached funding goal - July 31, 2011 Still no updates on delivery dates - May 11, 2012 Can the ZionEyez team please send out some updates on delivery dates? I thought I'd gift myself one of these last Christmas, I am hoping that I would be able to do that this Christmas. Near future eh? Zzzzz...I stopped checking this site daily like I use to, hoping to see if they posted an update. Might have to bring it down to checking it once a month or something. Hopefully they do deliver..eventually @Greezer that implies another month or two -- at least that's what it has meant every other time they gave us that lie. "Hi Glenn, Thanks for reaching out to us. We will be releasing another engineering update for our KS Backers in the near future. Thanks for your patience and support! -The Zeyez Team" Bastards.. @ozymandias I did not ask specifically about WiFi since that was not mentioned in update 19. i guess that is allready solved since that is an 'old' technique and fairly straight forward. The reason they are putting BT 4.0 into the spec (still says BT 3.0 on their webpage) is because of the lower power consumption. My intention with the questions was to set a new baseline. Now we know the current status of the project, at least when it comes to design and development. All the tiny little modules have been selected. Critical solutions and manufacturing methods has been verified and validated. It's time to go to factory. In their next update (just around the corner?) I expect to get information on pre-production and production phase. @martin -- what about WiFi? @Robin -- So where is the 100 man-months of labor? What do they have to show for it? The updates do not indicate that much progress has been made -- quite the contrary. The progress indicated in the updates is sufficient for one or two working part time for the 10 months -- at most. We are looking at a handful of emails/phone calls with manufacturers and some *very* light work with photoshop making digital mock-ups. There is no indication that more than a dozen man-hours have been invested in this project. I have seen projects *LAUNCH* with more work done that that -- in fact the latest update still puts them on-par with what they had an launch-day. @ozymandias, If ten people work on it for 10 month then about all of the money already would have been spend on wages alone. @everybody I sent an email May 3 to ZionEyez to follow up on the deadlines and action points described in update 19. I got a reply earlier today: Dear ZionEyez,Please provide brief answers on following project update issues, (based on update 19): Mechanical Engineering Is the hinge tested? Did it handle 100 000 foldings/unfoldings? Reply: Yes, the hinge will be durable enough to withstand the stresses of daily use. Has the molding methods being reviewed and decided upon? Reply: - Electrical engineering Have you finalized the selection of camera module? Have you finalized the selection of CPU? Have you finalized testing of antenna design and placement? Reply: The CPU, and camera module have been chosen and the antenna integration has also been finalized. Software Firmware Status on BT4.0 streaming and ZeyezApp. Reply: The BT 4.0 software is being implemented as well. More or less answers on all the action points from update 19. (Since antenna integration has been finalized, I take that as a positive answer on the molding question as well). Anyone got additional info? /Mårten Best Regards, If engaget is right -- and Zeyes doesn't have the money to issue refunds -- where did the third of a million dollars *GO*? I mean other than the jewelry they posted pictures of on Facebook, and the elephant rides on tropical beaches? <url>´m always positive and nice, yesterday, today, tomorrow and next year. I guess I have too much life experience to know that whining like a 12 year old on a message board doesn´t help, it only make you more frustrated. I wonder if all these positive guys will still be as nice after another year passes.. @Greezer lol, I don't remember that post. Is that a new one? I hope you get a response. Guess I'll make a request here rather than email them. Yo Zeyez, Could you implement Bluetooth 4.0? It's super efficient than previous generations and the same size so IT WILL NOT PROLONG THE DESIGN PHASE. Sure it cost more, but you love us and want to treat us for our "patience"! <3 @greezer: Right on! :-D @ David: Well said! Zeyes? How's it going? We're standing in a circle, singin' "Kumbaya" 'n prayin' for a happy outcome. Throw us a bone, eh... @David: like this? Dear beloved Zion Eyez (or Lies, Zeyez) Team, I would appreciate a new update on how far you've been with these recording glasses! I can't wait to get them! If you don't mind, please inform us, if there is any problem with the timeframe, since it's been a few days since "Winter 2011" otherwise I don't mind waiting another year or two! At least it can cure the blind people and the quality will be awesome. Thanks for your help! =) (I gave my best!) @Mitch I wouldn't chalk this as a "lesson learned" because it is difficult for backers (not investors) to prove the legitamacy of a company especially one that was just created. @almostallcommentors This comment section was already filled with negative energy, but now we're imploding on ourselves (I'm not sure it that's the right cliché), and I don't think that's cool. This is the type of negative energy that makes these possible scammers not want to acknowledge this section despite they probably read it daily. There are libel claims and possibly false accusations (vacation on our dime) because we have bias vision (see what you want to see) at this point. I'm just throwing the idea out there that we use constructive criticism rather than hate loaded messages. Being civil might bring back transparency or y'all can continue the negative way and see if anything changes. I'm not saying how you should post, just throwing some constructive critism of how I'm viewing us. -1Love @Mitch, My guess is that when they got more than a quarter of a million dollars, and realized they were out of the charge-back window, they decided to not follow through. There is no evidence that they are hard at work on this -- and they consistently refuse to provide evidence of even 1 month's worth of work on this project. They got giddy with the money, blew it on their jewelry, and vacation to tropical beaches with elephants, and decided it is far easier to just scam us than do what they said they would. @greezer; I actually don't have money to give away just for nothing. I don't even gamble at the casinos more than once every couple years. I'm just really trying to put some kind of positive spin on this Zeyes/Leyes 'movement'. For my own sanity. Do we really think this group of (probable) Stoners at Zeyes concocted and executed an elaborate scam to bilk genuine investors out of tons of cash on a Kickstarter project? Are they truly lying about stuff, or are they just geeky, baked & have poor (ok, really poor) communication skills? Maybe it's on the order of a pipe-dream gone horribly wrong.. "Oh shit, guys; now WTF do we do? We have to *deliver* these glasses!?" [puff, puff, panic]. What do the Big Wheel Backers have to say? The ones who dropped $500, $750, $1000 bucks? Heh, maybe those were some Parents/relatives of the Z-Leyes Team. :-P I think I dropped my $150 in around June of last year. If we get glasses in June of 2012 (WAY unlikely, I know) that's about $12.50/mo in 'invested' cash. If the Zeyes deliver in Dec. of 2012, that's about $8.33/mo in investment… about one less sixer of very good beer/mo. [no insult intended to those of us who're non-drinkers] Feh, just rationalizing a scenario that's apparently out of our control. Peace. I guess you're talking about my "spamming" for answers.. If you don't have any issues with giving away money for lies and nothing, it's your way of life! But I don't accept that! I thought, maybe, they got too much messages through KS, but they will probably answer a tweet or maybe they will call back. But nothing like that happend.. So, mitch, if you have money to give away, send me 150$! i won't lie about that, I'll give you full details about my usage of your 150$! ;o) So, I don't work for Zeyes & I'm not being paid by anyone to leave a positive comment. But I do want to second Dave's comment earlier about "running a project through intimidation"; I see just a handful of really, really, really fricken PISSED backers that seem to be making it their life's work to get a refund or disparage Zeyes in any way they can. That one guy who was spamming a comment in 9 separate communication mediums? … "Until I get answers to these questions, the beatings will continue…." whatever. The other 1,990 of us are accepting the situation (delays, canned communication, whatever) and hoping for the best outcome -- the first kid on the block with a full-on set of spyglasses. If they *never ship them, then it was a gamble lost. A lesson learned.. F-it. Which of the projects I listed have lied to the backers, or otherwise ignored all attempts to communicate with them? Granted, I have not emailed all of them -- but every project I have emailed directly/sent KS message has responded in a timely manner -- despite not having promised to do so. Many of the projects I listed are not even technically late until midnight tonight -- and a few are only a month or so behind -- and have provided reasonable explanations for why they are late. If one of the cards said 'Hey, sorry, even though we raised 7 times the money we needed, we don't have enough', or 'hey, we know the cards are 4 months late -- so it's time we started design work on them' or 'we are waiting until our cards can cure the blind' I would have had a problem with them. A printing product having issues where the proofs are rejected? Actual progress is being made, there just has been a minor hangup. Conversely, if Leyes said 'Hey, we got the physical prototypes in -- check out the videos -- but the hinges are faulty and fail after only 1,000 openings, so we had to reject them' -- I would be fine with that. That is *NOT* what is happening here. I have not made up my mind that they are cheating us -- I have made up my mind that they have lied -- because I have proof of several lies. I have made up my mind that they are not communicating -- again, because we have proof of that, which stacks with the lying comment. I *suspect* they are cheating us, because they have proven themselves not trustworthy, and have consistently implied that they never intended to make the promised ship-date. Little things like starting the design process so late, that joke of a survey, and the unwillingness to explain what is going on tend to do that. I disagree with you on several of those, but you've obviously already made your mind up that ZionEyez is cheating us. Maybe they are and maybe they aren't. I haven't made up my mind yet. I'm not sure the date I got my Blocklettes -- but I have had them for quite some time, not to mention the fact that they have sent fairly detailed updates -- and always responded to my emails promptly. Tendril cards -- have not received (but appears to be on time for May delivery) -- and decent updates, so I am willing to wait if there is a delay. Spectrum cards -- have not received, but they are expected to ship soon -- and are not technically late yet -- they were estimated to be delivered in April -- but they had decent updates, so I am not concerned. Return of the Deck of the Living Dead -- not received, but again, it's a April delivery, with great communication, so I am not worried. Steampunk Playing Cards -- supposed to be delivered in March, but they have had production problems -- that they are communicating with backers, so it is no big deal. Fairy Tale Art Playing Cards -- got these. Communication was excellent. Lance T. Miller's Steampunk Playing Cards Black and White -- Cards are late -- but the updates have explained why, and the *previous project* was handled well by this person, so I am not worried. Vortex Playing Cards -- late, but communication goes along way. Not worried. 'Americana' Playing Card Deck -- late, but expected any day now. Good communication, so I am not worried. Lance Miller's New Steampunk Playing Card Deck -- got, and love. Excellent communication on this project -- enough to get me to back a second project from this user. Keeping in mind that I backed most of these projects for less than $20 -- if not $10, and they *far* surpassed Zion Lies (Leyes, Zeyes, Zion Eyez, what ever name they are using to hide behind today) in communication. The only projects I backed for more money that I can think of off the top of my head are Wasteland II, and Blocklets. Wasteland II is only a few months old, and has had 14 updates -- and Lies has not posted many more than that over the life of the project, and most of those have turned out to be lies, and the result of us pulling teeth. Blocklets had 32 updates, for the record. @Garcia85: I was addressing you specifically - everyone isn't you. There are plenty of people who are willing to put up with delays, lack of communication, and even jerks who think they can run a project by intimidation. That's why Kickstarter is still surviving. @ozy: Were you one of the people who got their Blocklets in September 2011? Do you have all of the playing cards from projects you backed? "If you have a problem with the way this project is run, then it probably is best to not back other Kickstarter projects" In that case, Kickstarter would not exist and nobody would bother pledging any amount of money. I think we'd all be singing a different tune if we pledged the $1 or $25 but nope, the majority of us put down $150. Theres even a couple of people who spent $1,500. I feel sorry for them. If I knew then what I knew know, I would have never pledge any amount of money. I'll continue to visit Kickstarter to see what projects are introduced, but I wont back any project. Like I said before, I'll just wait till the final product is actually released. @David Elliot - We have had *very* different experiences on Kickstarter then. I have had projects be late before -- but never have I had a project founder lie to me, ignore me, or decide that raising 7 times the money they needed just wasn't enough. Once in a while a founder lapses in communication -- but sending them an email usually gets things straightened out pretty quickly. I've only had one failed project -- this one. The rest have gone off pretty smoothly. If you have a problem with the way this project is run, then it probably is best to not back other Kickstarter projects. As much as I wish it was, this is not the worst project I've backed. It's normal for KS projects to be late. It's common for projects to have terrible communication. Project managers will make promises that they can't keep, withhold information, and ignore questions. I'm backing one project where I can buy the product online for only a few dollars more than my pledge and I can get it in 3 days, but the project manager hasn't even sent out surveys for my pledge level yet - and nobody feels safe saying anything because it could get you bumped to the end of the shipping list. But I will say that out of around 100 funded projects, only one has actually completely failed (and maybe someday the project manager will make good on his promise to give refunds, but luckily it was only $10). Looks like Zion Eyez (Leyes) is resorting to email out copies of the latest Kickstarter update in response to emails. they still are not responding in less than 48 hours, and they are now providing less of a response than ever before. I agree that ZionEyez (Eyez), Henry Juskevicius (Solid Watch), Product Design (rvnDSGN Contemporary Rapid-Prototyped Timepieces) make now me hesitate to back projects exceeded a few bucks. Too bad for very interesting projects. I swear, there were so many projects I wanted to back up. There was this sweet ass ipod dock. And an ipad case/keyboard combo that looked awesome but because of Zeyez I'm not putting my money into anything until its actually released. @greezer, no that isn't what I said. I said that it's probably not Seattle. What rule says that all the work has to be done in Seattle just because the company is there? @greezer -- they did have a third of a million dollars and we *know* they were some place with beaches and elephants. Maybe they never came back? @David: So you say, it's Jan 7 standing there? I don't believe that.. They're serving us some "new" pictures and lie straight to the face in the same context! @David Elliot -- they may be playing games with their business address -- but that address still works for Better Business Bureau reports: <url>#350 Seattle, WA 98125 That's meaningless. If you look at the business address in Google Maps, you'll see that it's an apartment building in a residential area in North Seattle. That photo could have been taken anywhere. There's no rule that says they have to be developing or testing the app in Seattle. The company I work for is headquartered in a different state, and most of the people I work with are in different countries. @greezer -- yet another piece of evidence piling up that they are deliberately committing fraud, and never intended to deliver on the timeline they promised. No wonder they want to rename the company 'Leyes' (pronounced 'Lies').... Just have a closer look at the first picture of that Samsung smartphone in the last update. I wonder, if this date is Jan 7 or Jun 7? Given that small picture, it does not really look like a day in January in Seattle, there's snow missing and that guy on the picture does not look like it's been 37°F ( <url>#350 Seattle, WA 98125 One other thing - I reread that update, and it actually says that they are planning to ship to us *before* the 24-30 weeks date. That date was for mass production. Just before that, it says that they need 8-12 weeks of design and testing before they can set up their manufacturing line. After that, they will be bringing up the line, and we are supposed to get glasses built during that 12-16 week timeframe. Since that was posted on April 10, it says they should be done with design and testing around the first of July (assuming the worst). If it takes a full 12 weeks to start making glasses that can be shipped to backers, that means September. Of course, this is just what they claim. We'll see what they say in the next update, which I think they need to put up soon. @David, I believe that it was Amazon that called it a "donation", which in itself probably warrants some investigation. However, the main reason we can't get help from Amazon or our credit card companies is that they consider the purchase to have occurred on July 31, 2011, and they all have limits for how long you can wait to make a claim. I'm not really sure that the "24-30 weeks from now" constitutes a guarantee, but a judge would be more likely to be swayed by that after they didn't make their Winter 2011 date. Oh, it would be nice to know what comes of the Hanfree scenario. That seemed like such an easy product to make (Ikea-style). I hope they and us all get refunded. Let's do some analyzing. I vaguely remember someone saying their bank said the money was a donation and cannot be refunded. A donation would imply there is nothing in return given which only 41 ppl here can say they "donated." Everyone else made a pledge which tends to be contractual. We pledged money and in return we'll get whatever the "reward" listed which in essence is a pre-order not an investment as others are posting. An investment would imply we are shareholder and thus assume liability good n bad for the company. We are merely stakeholders. Returning to the contractual agreement the product was estimated to be released Winter 2011. Because the word "estimate" there is no guarantee to the contract. However with the latest update "24-30 weeks from now..." there is a guarantee to fulfill their part of the pledge. If they go beyond that date we can take action to seek a refund or suit. So I know a lot of y'all are anxious, but just wait it out until then, but don't stop applying pressure to Zeyez because they need a reminder we're still here. I should also point out that they are not meeting the 48 hour response promise to the BBB, either -- they are just responding to them faster than direct email. Well, I am at least getting responses to the messages I sent via the Better Business Bureau -- and they are actually responding *faster* their than they are to emails -- and I am not *just* getting form letters back. Granted, their latest reply was mostly a copy/paste of the latest Kickstarter update. I encourage *everyone* to file complaints with the BBB: <url>#350 Seattle, WA 98125 Right, they owe us what they said in the pledge, and otherwise it is fraud. However, the best case scenario is that their last update was accurate and we'll get our glasses in September or October. If they go past that, there will be trouble, but even then the best case scenario there would be that we would get a refund in 2013. Look at how things have stalled with Hanfree, and he admitted months ago that that project was not going to ship. Garcia85 -- If you are promised a reward as part of a pledge drive, and are not given the reward, it is *still* fraud. No matter how you cut it, or what you call it. As an aside, I think it is telling that they decided to rename their company a word that looks like it is pronounced 'Lies'.... not so subtle hint? @MediaMatthew: Exactly. Backing a Kickstarter project is an "investment" only in the most general sense of the word. If you read the FAQ, we are owed the product we pledged for. A project that doesn't deliver is subject to small claims proceedings and an IRS audit (they have to pay income tax on any money over a fair cost of goods sold price). James Ricker, no attorney with a brain is going to consider going after ZionEyez until they fail to make their new "Summer 2012" ship date, which means after September 21. Even then, it's only $350k if all 2106 backers agree to be part of the class, assuming a class action is possible. Nobody is getting a refund. The money we gave is like a pledge so..best case scenario, we get the glasses in like another year or something I don't care if my refund comes from Lies, or ZionEyez -- I just care that I get one. The new name is Leyes. ZionEyez -- any word on when you will start issuing refunds? I can't believe some hungry attorney hasn't jumped on this yet. There's money in it AND they get to take something new to court. Isn't every attorneys dream to set a precedent? Well legal types, here's a big not-so-grey area that could use some legal clarification. Also, in addition to the percentage you'd get of the 350K they embezzled, Kickstarter has some DEEP pockets to cover your legal fees and whatever damages you can recoup via their status as an accomplice. I mean COME ON - they said they needed 55K to get it done, got more than SIX TIMES than that - then went to Thailand on vacation and posted pictures on the internet, then came back on here a year later and admitted they: a) were broke and b) hadn't even started yet???? Good lord. If I were on that jury somebody's ass would be going to prison. After reading Geoff's comment about investment risk, I did a little research into how Kickstarter is structured. If these projects are actual investments then the company would have to comply with a host of SEC regulations. What I discovered is that the money raised for each project is actually considered a donation. If the project returns the money, even if they call it a refund, the transaction could then be considered an investment or a financial product and open up Kickstarter to SEC scrutiny. The new Jobs Act changes some of the rules for startup investment but that came into play after we funded this particular project. @Ronald: that's impossible, those lazy asses spent all our money for a trip to "not Thailand" and to keep their fake promises up, they need more money. But there's no refund-option.. We are doomed.. I would like my money back. How do I do that? I posted months ago that there was a pair looking just like these from a China Mfg. that will probably be what you see in the near future. I guess for the product from CHINA is taking longer to fill the orders for these. Have patients people they will soon have the product sent to you with there name on the box .......Nothing like a little deception to increase the wait. Heck it takes a while for the China Mfg. to get these things around, shipped, and thru customs. <url>"Can't sue somebody because investing is a risk"??? Ever heard of Bernie Madoff? You can sue anyone for anything. Doesn't mean you'll win, but you will have to defend it. That said, ZionEyez took a lot of money and left a long trail of evidence of wasteful spending behind them. Kickstarter drove the getaway car and took their cut of the proceeds. After reading your incredibly deceptive response Geoff I kinda think you all need dragged into court and let someone not financially involved decide what's right/wrong/legal. I've backed 50 projects now. Several of them are still in the production phase -- and are scheduled to be as such, so they are on schedule. Several of them did not make the minimum funding -- a few of them were late delivering the reward, but only *one* of them treated backers so poorly, lied to backers, or caused this level of animosity. Even on the failed projects, the communication was typically better than this. Some products are so unique that the delivery date does not matter, if it slips. There are not a whole lot of Cthulhu based games out there, and there is no risk that an identical product will beat the game to market. The same goes for the blocklets or trebuchett -- both are unique, and it is no big deal to wait for the product a few extra weeks. This is not a unique product. Due to the lies and delays, we are no longer going to get a cutting edge product -- it's already seeing competition that stands a good chance of beating it to market. Then again, it is not that the project failed -- it's that the creators treat us so poorly.I could stand paying extra and waiting longer to get these -- if I at least got to enjoy the benefit of being in the loop on production. Blockletts were delayed a few times -- but they had fairly decent updates showing why they were delayed and the progress they were making. I'm with you pakman3000, I've backed quite a few Kickstarter projects, but never knew that Kickstarter doesn't have our backs, that they offer no recourse at all. Unless Kickstarter steps up, this project has turned me off Kickstarter for good, I'm afraid. @Geoff, after reading your post, I'm even more turned off to Kickstarter. I had no clue that receiving a finished product was so hit and miss. Sorry, but I can't just say "oh, well" and chalk it up as a loss. That's money I could have spent on a finished retail product. You can click on my profile and see exactly what I've backed. Nothing but "Leyes". Once bitten, twice shy. fucking hate that shit and so fucking bullshit I get that feeling, all those "good" comments here are paid by ZionEyez or those ppl are friends of ZionEyez' team.. I can't deliver any proof or anything, but there are a few ppl, who keep posting 100% positive comments. In that project, that's strange.. @Geoff -- again, no one is saying they did not expect risk -- or accept it. What people are saying they did *NOT* accept is the lies and lack of communication. People accept failed products here -- they don't accept fraud. Hi, I've been a Kickstarter founder since this time last year. I love the site and have supported a few dozen projects that have been successful. Some rewards I got (and was very happy to get) and some still haven't arrived. The ones that haven't arrived are just losses. Heck, it's not like I haven't spent the same amount on junk food in a month. I've been reading all these comments and I have some words to say. I think these guys aren't scam artists. The guy at Engadget used a prototype. They'd be taking a big risk if the project didn't go thru but they developed a working prototype. If we could figure out if they did in fact used to work in the Flip team, then we can know for sure they aren't scammers. Sadly, there's no obvious way. I think they are just really terrible business people but probably really good engineers. Most engineers aren't business people and these guys just don't know the protocols in investment platforms like Kickstarter. That is all. These guys don't communicate, did not ask their investors for input, and basically hid themselves in a secret, underground lab developing these glasses. That's bad. They should have asked us if we wanted to wait for the upgrade or the prototype. They also should have hired a receptionist to help handle our questions and complaints. For this, I will definitely give them hell for. I hate bad service. But this does not mean they are scammers; I'm sure they will release the product eventually. I hope it's by summer of 2012 but that's wishful thinking. Oh well. Lastly, you can't sue them. Investing is a risk. You don't sue a publicly-listed company if they go bankrupt. Likewise, you can't sue this company for fraud. It's not like we signed a deal with them to make sure they have results by a certain time. Besides, as long as they eventually release the product, it should be fine. It also says so on Kickstarter's info page that each of these projects are reviewed but Kickstarter doesn't have the manpower (or money) to monitor the outcomes of the project. I always do background checks on these projects but even then, there will always be a chance, however small, that projects either don't work out or are scams. Most just don't work out. I hope all 2000+ of you won't stop investing in Kickstarter projects. There are a lot of legitimate projects. If you're skeptical, you could check if the owner of a project has had other successful projects and ask the backers if they received their rewards. But don't stop investing because these guys are lousy business people and your investment isn't going quite the way you thought it would. Remember, this is still an investment platform, not an eCommerce site. There's risk, but sometimes it pays off in the form of money savings, exclusivity, and/or time. Thanks for reading this, I hope it clears up some confusion. Feel free to message me here if you have any questions or concerns. Same here. I can't recommend ever using this site to anyone. My "Leyes" experience has given this place a black eye. You know who should be mad? Kickstarter and Kickstarter users. I will NEVER Kickstart anything ever again because of this. I also spend a great deal of free time telling others what a horrible idea backing ANYTHING is. That said, the ZionEyez guys need to go to prison. Period. Make an example of them. They got 4 times what they said they needed in start up money and a year later they haven't even started developing a product yet. Throw the book at them and this problem will police itself in the future. @ozy and Paolo: What does your lawyer have to say about this? If you aren't actually pursuing legal action, all your talk is just speculation. This user's account has been deleted. @parkman3000 -- the least they can do is give us a refund, but you are right. The warranty ought to be extended to several years from the date of delivery for backers. Hey Leyes Team, I never intended to be a beta tester for preproduction glasses. You guys better be extending that warranty for us backers. It's the least you can do. @David Elliott -- "18 U.S.C. § 1343 provides: Whoever, having devised or intending to devise any scheme or artifice to defraud, or for obtaining money or property by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, transmits or causes to be transmitted by means of wire, radio, or television communication in interstate or foreign commerce, any writings, signs, signals, pictures, or sounds for the purpose of executing such scheme or artifice, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. If the violation affects a financial institution, such person shall be fined not more than $1,000,000 or imprisoned not more than 30 years, or both." This would be wire fraud -- the shipping date advertised was never even feasible, knowing the details we know. The claim that $55,000 would be enough for the project was false pretenses, the specifications are now changing from what was listed on the project page. The more Zion Eyez delays, the more clear this fraud becomes -- the promises were made that were not *possible* for Zion Eyez to live up -- and their excuses and delaying tactics only dig them deeper. @Paolo, I'm trying to be objective. I'm not saying I'm happy with the way ZionEyez has operated. They did a lousy jobs with their updates, and they have been very inconsistent with their communications. Their action of removing Facebook comments is sleazy. However, they have not yet done anything that is illegal. If you take them to court, the judge isn't going to be a backer. The judge is going to look at what ZionEyez is legally obligated to do. The same is true with the FTC. They aren't going to investigate ZionEyez unless they can see an indication of fraud. @Fletcher, if you read it carefully, they are saying that you can't sue them for being late. In other words, if you have some project you are planning to do that involves their product, and they fail to deliver in time, you can't sue them for screwing up your project. That doesn't imply to me that they are not intending to deliver at all. Again bringing up ZionEyez's Terms and Conditions for ordering from their website. It seems to me the way it reads is, even if the item is not received 10 days after the latest ship date, 07/01/2012, "ZionEyez will not be held liable for any delay in delivery of the Eyez due to non-availability of stock or for any other reason beyond its control. The Customer shall not have the right to claim any damages, loss or costs from ZionEyez for delay in delivery of the Eyez(s) on any grounds whatsoever." Does this sound like someone with the intent of delivering a product? Correct me if I'm wrong, but this reads to me "If you get it you get it, if you don't you're SOL." This user's account has been deleted. @David Elliot -- a single decent post does not mean that they improved their communication. It's not a pattern, yet -- it's a fluke. Personally, I would rather see my whole $150 go to a lawyer than remain in the hands of Zion Eyez. I am morally against letting these con artists profit off of me -- at least the lawyers would have done something to earn that money. Yes, Zion Eyez *finally* posted an update with details -- the sort of update that should have been coming out at least twice a month since go-live, but it is far too little, far too late. Look how much poking, prodding and begging it took by the backers to even get this much information. We have promises that they will be better about communicating in the future, but we were also that in the past -- as well as the delivery date that was missed, and several other self imposed deadlines for updates that were missed. That doesn't even count the fact that we are repeatedly promised 48 hour response time to emails -- and I don't believe anyone has received that yet. I have backed many projects, and as long as I am kept in the loop, delays are no big deal. I am not upset about the delays. I am a little bothered that the cutting edge product I backed will be late to the market and no longer be cutting edge. I'm moderately upset about the massive lack of communication with backers, but that is not the biggest issue at this point. The biggest issue at this point is the lies. I can no longer trust *ANYTHING* Zion Eyez claims. They did not make their delivery date -- with no reason given -- but then they proceeded to start promising things they never provided. They lied about how much money they needed for this project, they claimed $55,000, got $350,000 and then lied and said it was not enough. They lied to the Edison Awards about the status of their product -- they are not in production yet, and so do not qualify. They lied about being nominated for the Edison Awards -- they were not nominated -- they paid to nominate themselves. They lied to backers about what state of production they are in. Despite clearly still being in development, they deliberately mislead backers by claiming to be in the 'production stage of development'. They lied about responding to our emails in a timely manner. I have emailed them repeatedly as a backer, with only once getting a reply under 48 hours. I emailed them as an interested reseller, no luck. The BBB emailed them, no luck. Many. many commenters mentioned they did not get a timely reply. They repeatedly lied about upcoming updates -- they keep promising them, and keep missing their self-provided deadlines, and then until this post, don't provide the content promised. They lied about the headsets having WiFi -- possibly. Their latest update implies it will be bluetooth only. They lied about the delays -- or at least have not yet provided a convincing justification for them. I'm sick of this crap. Kickstarter is supposed to be fun, and these guys are simply making me feel like I was conned. It's not that I lost the money, it's that I was scammed out of the money that bothers me. This user's account has been deleted. @Paolo, I understand the frustration. I was frustrated, as well, but like the two people who posted before you, I feel that ZionEyez has improved their communication lately. Sure, it sucks that they didn't make their December 2011 date - and they did originally indicate that they might beat this date - but there isn't really anything they've done that is legally actionable. They still owe us a product - anyone who thinks of Kickstarter projects as a "donation" or "investment in possible failure" needs to reread the KS FAQ. They explicitly say that if the pledge says you will receive something, the project creator owes you the item(s). This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Robin Jacobs, I agree with you that update #19 was detailed and informative. I also 'put down my gun' after that. However, the total lack of communication before, is what have started this downward spiral with comments, questions and fraud allegations. I think that ZionEyez also have obligation to handle this apart from bi-weekly project updates. If for no other reason than to avoid bad press. In some of their replies they have addressed the possibility to refund backers and I think they ought to address this question a bit more. I will however hang on and follow the project until it's finnished. @Mårten Brödje, Yes, ZionEyes could have given more updates. but the rather detailed update #19 didn´t seem to improve the tone of the comments over here. 'I don't think they would have gotten 2106 backers if they had said: "Pay 150 dollars, wait half a year, a year, maybe more.' , Exactly as project owner/leader you must know that stating the (obvious) truth is not the way how to "sell" your project to your boss/customers so you get the green light. Not to mention the people who spent more than just 150 dollars. 97 people $300 15 people $500 9 people $750 2 people $1,500!! ouch.. @Robin, @David: I've funded many projects in the past as has many of those who have been complaining here. We know we are funding a project not ordering a product from Amazon. In my professional life I have been part of numerous projects, as a developer, as project leader and as project owner or steering group member. In all these roles, communication has been vital for the project to succeed. ZionEyes may be great on internal communication, solving all issues and moving forward. But as a stake holder in this project I am more or less left in the dark. ZionEyez has failed on this issue; communicating project progress with those who financed the project in the beginning. I don't think they would have gotten 2106 backers if they had said: "Pay 150 dollars, wait half a year, a year, maybe more. And eventually, if lucky, you will get a pair of cool glasses. We will keep communication to a minimum since this is a stealth project". I wouldn't call that project funding, I would call it a lottery. @David: David, you dont seem to understand why some people are going caca kookoo here. The lack of communication and them missing the shipping date but mainly the lack of communication. I'd be okay with this project taking as long as it is if they kept us informed or posted pictures on a regular basis..you know, keep us connected, like we're part of the team. I mean, we only just raised 343,415 DOLLARS!! So I mean, you know, it wouldn't hurt to keeps us in the loop. At this point I'm past the thought of me actually owning these glasses. I was hoping we'd get em when we were suppose to so I could enjoy recording some of the sights here in Korea but thats not gonna happen. Will I ever support Zioneyez? Sure, I mean if they release a solid product, I'll buy it. But theres no way in hell I'll ever support them via Kickstarter again. I learned my lesson. Actually, I dont think I'll ever support a Kickstarter Project period, I'll just wait till the product is actually released rather than getting my hopes up and waiting for a product. just my two cents. @David, I´m with you. As far as I know HexBright ( <url>´t ship... and that´s a simple led light.... The average ttm (time to market) for a reasonable complicated electronic device is about a year. ZionEyez have underestimated what time it takes to develop the glasses, a very common mistake with startup companies. Anyone that can´t handle missed deadlines...or even maybe non delivery, should not be on kickstarter (or investing in R&D in general). You people do understand that kickstarter is not amazon.com right? You're "kick starting" "start-up" companies with your contribution. You're lucky they're making the effort to develop a decent product instead of slapping together some cheap piece of crap. Not to mention theyre making an effort to keep you apprised of the progress. If 150 bucks is such a big deal to you, maybe you should keep you're money out of keckstarter projects and go buy yourself an iPod. Patience is a virtue. Chill out and let them do what needs to be done to develop a good product. @Paolo: It sounds like you are taking reasonable steps. However, the most you can expect is that the FTC or Seattle Police will investigate ZionEyez to see if they are actually running a legitimate business. However, I'm not sure that the backers of this project really have a valid claim against ZionEyez. What have they done wrong? They gave a vague delivery date from the beginning, yet none of the backers tried to get them to clarify what that meant before funding closed. We all backed this project without asking specifically what "Winter Season 2011" meant. You can argue the "2011" part of it all you want, but unless you can find a judge in a court that has legal jurisdiction in this situation and get that judge to say that it means "by the end of 2011", you can't argue that they are even a month late at this point. Even if you can prove that they are almost 4 months late, how many other Kickstarter projects are 4or more months late? How many have been more than 4 months late and still delivered the product as promised? The other thing they did wrong was to not give frequent updates during the period between August 2011 and December 2011. That's when all of the yelling started. Since the end of December, they have given us updates more often than monthly. So, what exactly are people complaining about that is legally actionable? Can anyone here actually give evidence to show that these guys aren't going to deliver the product on their new timeline? I've seen lots of comments here, but any judge would laugh at them. In the end, my advice to everyone here is to wait until July and see what happens. This user's account has been deleted. @Paolo: Do you know what a class action involves? The lawyers would end up getting most of the money, and the project backers would be lucky to get a T-shirt. Even a small claims suit at this point would be hard to win because a judge would say that ZionEyez has the right to attempt to finish the project, and lots of products are late to market. At best, an individual might win a refund in small claims court because ZionEyez won't respond, but then they still have to get the refund. The FTC is a better bet. I've been involved in an FTC suit before, and I got back all of my money, but I doubt that the FTC is going to be interested in this case until it's clear that ZionEyez isn't going to deliver. At this point, that isn't clear at all. Anyone from Switzerland here? This user's account has been deleted. It's very interesting to me how the cultures differ in Kickstarter projects. I back another project that was funded around the same time as ZionEyez, and got around the same amount of money. Before funding, they had a working protoype and they promised delivery in October 2011. They are now 6 months late, and they have not given a realistic delivery date. However, if someone complains or asks for a refund, people offer to buy them out and moan about how they are tired of everyone complaining (there are actually more complaints about complaints than complaints about the project being late). Updates are met with excitement, even when they don't really help to understand the project delivery process. Here, we have a project that is somewhere between one and four months late depending on your perspective, but the attitude is completely the opposite. Every update is met with more complaints. One of the major differences is that the people working on that other project show up in the comments forum and answer questions directly (not all questions are answered, but when they are it's a person, not "the company"). Another is that they post videos with the people who are working on the project. It's clear that there is something going on (even if it's just people making videos). Actually, this seems to be a general theme - as long as real people seem to be behind the projects, lateness is tolerated much more readily. .... questo ZionEyez Team è mica di Napoli ? pronto ad accodarmi ad un eventuale class action contro questo gruppo in odore di truffa, saluto tutti i truffati, io penso che perderò i miei 300€, ....... Libero da Genova. Qualcuno conosce l'indirizzo di questo dream team o il loro laboratorio? is this ZionEyez Team of Naples? ready to line up me to an eventual one class action against this group in swindle odor greet all the swindled ones, I think that I will lose mine 300€ .... Libero from Genoa-Italy. Does someone know the address of this dream team or their laboratory? This user's account has been deleted. It appears another project with the same concept has popped up: <url>"By Pre-Ordering the Eyez product from ZionEyez it is taken that you intend to Pre-Pay up front and wait to receive the Eyez product as that is what a Pre-Order implies. The Eyez Product is expected to ship no sooner than December 22, 2011. The Eyez product is expected to ship no later than 07/01/2012. Once the Eyez Product has been shipped, it will arrive at your location between 7-10 business days. ZionEyez will not be held liable for any delay in delivery of the Eyez due to non-availability of stock or for any other reason beyond its control. The Customer shall not have the right to claim any damages, loss or costs from ZionEyez for delay in delivery of the Eyez(s) on any grounds whatsoever. ZionEyez is not liable for any and all other costs or expenses in relation to the Pre-Order which are to be borne by the customer personally. ZionEyez is not liable for any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever if incurred in connection with the Pre-Order." What is that supposed to mean? I think the money was spend on an attorney to write the terms and conditions. @MediaMatthew - Actually, I feel the way you feel about the money, part of me just wants to walk away. I'm just tired of every other time I go into a fast food restaurant, make an online order, etc: service stinks, product misrepresented, overcharged, whatever. Most fitness facilities make their money from they people who pay, visit a few times, never return, then give up when it is too complicated to figure out how to quit the membership. I think this is a similar situation. ZionEyez is banking that we'll all "just forget about it." If they were smart, they would refund the 20 or so troublemakers who complain and keep the rest of the money. Either the money has been mismanaged or they're just too greedy to respect our wishes. I know a sociopath who is charismatic and knows who to approach and how to milk him/her dry. Sociopaths are self-centered, have a sense of entitlement, do not naturally feel remorse. Sounds familiar? If any of us were ZionEyez we probably would have handled this more professionally. I am not a hell raiser, but if I can't get my money back then neither should ZionEyez have a squeaky clean name when or if this product should ever materialize. <url>"avoid this scam" page ALMOST A YEAR AND STILL ON DESIGNING STAGE? Dafuq is this? ARE YOU SCAMMING US OR NOT...!!! Please give us links, to your Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Software & Firmware development firms...they should be proud to support you... Any non response or evasive reply .."tending or seeking to evade; not straightforward; tricky; equivocal".. will be an admission of guilt.. Put on your Big Boy Pant's, 2000 of us want answers... <url>"The Eyez™ video camera and lens is provided by the largest micro-camera manufacturer in the world- Omnivision. They provide the highest quality in the industry, you can find their cameras in the Apple iphone and ipad." Sony now supplies Apple with most of their camera sensors... This link shows Apple suppliers in 2011.. Omnivision is not on it. <url>"The Eyez™ video camera and lens is provided by the largest micro-camera manufacturer in the world- Omnivision. They provide the highest quality in the industry, you can find their cameras in the Apple iphone and ipad." Sony now supplies Apple with most of their camera sensors... This link shows Apple suppliers in 2011.. Omnivision is not on it...<url>"2012" update they say .... ' We’re currently evaluating camera modules, with the goal of final selection within the next 4 weeks." They also say on the Pre-Order form on their Website....Supplies are limited..... The product is nonexistent at the moment.....Are they not misleading the consumer at this point... What's next ..30 weeks from now.. We were not pleased with the quality our current manufacturers production facility was delivering...We want to deliver the highest quality product to our loyal backers ....We will not rest until we can deliver this...Thank You for your patience I also see on the bottom right of this page that "ZionEyez Team"..."Has not connected their Facebook account." What would happen if these comments were connected to ZionEyez on Facebook? I agree with satcat regarding refunds: "If you do not have the funds to issue refunds...How do you fund production..?" MediaMatthew is ready to "chalk it up to live and learn". However, who in this economy has this kind of money to throw away? When you look at BBB (<url>"donation". I was trying to purchase a product. When an eBay transaction goes bad I refund the money to preserve my eBay reputation. Too bad KickStarter doesn't want to get involved here. Honestly, I don't care about the glasses anymore. I'll buy them next year at the "gas stations for $3.50". If this wasn't about real people losing hard earned money this entire thing would be ridiculously hilarious. That's it for me, I don't want to wait another 30 weeks or so. I am ready for a refund, so ZionEyes please advice? I'm also amused that they asked for $55,000, got $350,000 -- and have the gall to complain they are having a hard time finding enough additional funding to progress at a reasonable time frame, or issue refunds to people that want one. I suspect they could refund everyone that requests a refund, and *still* have more than $55,000 left, just because not everyone is going to hear about the refund offer, or bother to fill out the form. satcat -- considering similar products are already on the market for $70/pair, their 'production' will be to buy a case of those, and some stickers to slap on them. ZionEyez, now that Winter 2011 has turned into Winter 2012, or Spring 2013, how about showing some integrity, and letting us get refunds? I'll even help you set up the paypal account to issue them from -- so your excuse of not having the infrastructure will disappear. Could some body explain what the ZionEyez Team meant in it's response to.. Wayne Rogers..question number 3. "(W) 3. Are you offering refunds for backers that have not received any concreate information on product or current build cycle? Yes / No (Z) No. Unfortunately we do not have the funds to give back Kickstarter backers their support. As soon as we do have such funds, we intend to do so." If you do not have the funds to issue refunds...How do you fund production..? @ zioneyez -- you forgot to tell us how to get our full refund. Your update is too little, too late. Seriously, I paid for 3 pars of these things a year ago and they're just now getting started!? The worst part is there are video glasses like this everywhere now. Hell, I was at WalMart and they had multiple options. With the way this has been handled thus far and based on the products that beat them to market, they might as well quit - no one in their right mind would give them that kind of capital. This project should end KickStarter - or significantly change how they do business. There needs to be some sort of insurance for when something like this happens and legal repercussions. What I've learned from this so far is all I need to Madoff 350K outta John Q is a good idea and a webpage. I think we need to face facts. There is a very good chance that we will never get our glasses or see a refund. Satcat is right about the money. There is no guarantee they will raise the additional capital that they need to go into production. As their competitors begin to bring rival products to the marketplace, they are going to lose their first-to-market advantage in the eyes of potential investors. There are also all of the challenges that come with mass producing a high tech device. Their timeline is very optimistic and is contingent on not hitting any roadblocks along the way. And it's a guarantee that they will hit snags. Since they are including wireless in the device, it will need regulatory approval. I didn't see that in their timeline. My feeling is that if we get them some day, great. If not, I am not going to waste anymore time worrying about these guys. I will chalk it up to live and learn. I most certainly will not be "backing" any future KickStarter projects. Regarding latest update .."At this point, we need to make a very large investment with our manufacturing partner to build and buy the tools and equipment we need for mass production, as well as pay for the electrical parts (batteries, cameras, flash memory) for our first production run. This is a significant cost (over US 1M), so we need to make sure we have the design 100% right before this important point in the project." Where are they going to get the 1 million dollars +...to start production. I'm sure the original $343,415.00 is long gone to "engineering" Then they say... "After we’ve kicked off our first mass production run, it will take our manufacturer an additional 12-16 weeks to get their assembly lines built, tuned-in, and up to speed." You have to have Assembly lines,in place, built and tested before you can even start a start a production run. If your going to misrepresent the truth to us ....at least get your facts straight.. regarding the info from Update 19: 24-30 weeks from now is Sept. 25th. 30 weeks is Nevember 6th. And that's for shipping from the manufacturer to them. Distribution after that will probably tack on a month or so. We might have them by Christmas. It's a start, however, this is the kind of information I was expecting to have seen ages ago. Honestly, was it *THAT* difficult? PROJECT UPDATE #19 COMMENT - It's fine with me. Do the best you can, so Version 1.0 buyers don't wish they had waited for 2.0. Maybe if they had not spent all our money on vacations, and expensive jewelry they could afford a computer to post updates -- or refund us. @Wayne: Thanks for posting this. Still disappointed with zioneyez. @ Wayne, so more lies. If they wanted to provide bi-weekly updates, what in the world is stopping them, other than no intentions to follow through? This is what I got from ZionEyez Dear Wayne, Thanks for reaching out to us. Below are the responses to your questions. Please don't hesitate if you have anymore inquiries. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team (Wayne) I am a backer of your product and would like an update to the following items. Please just fill in the details: (W) 1. What is your expected release date for these glasses? Date: _________________. (Z) Our goal is to have all orders fulfilled by the end of Summer 2012. We will hopefully start shipping prototypes to randomly selected backers starting in June of 2012. We cannot give an exact date at this time and have been hesitant to publicly do so. (W) 2. Is a NDA available to be signed to permit additional details to be gained? Yes / No (Z) Not at this time. However, this idea has been recently brought to our attention and we are seriously looking to implement it. (W) 3. Are you offering refunds for backers that have not received any concreate information on product or current build cycle? Yes / No (Z) No. Unfortunately we do not have the funds to give back Kickstarter backers their support. As soon as we do have such funds, we intend to do so. (W) 4. Please provide photo of current build type with confirmed date attached i.e. Newspaper showing today's date.? Attach image. (Z) The prototype depicted in the Engadget article is the latest manufactured prototype that we have created. Our engineers have been diligently working on creating the next prototype. (W) 5. Where are you registered as a business? City/Town: ______________ State: ______________________ (Z) City: Seattle State: WA. (W) 6. An additional email address or contact phone number for backers to contact you. Email: _______________________ Phone: __________________________ (Z) The best way to get in contact with a member of the Zeyez team is to email us at <email> We are trying to centralize as much as possible our communications at this time due to our limited resources. Please use the email above for now. (W) 7. A twitter or face book contact account: Twitter: ___(Z) Not at this time____________________ Facebook: (Z) www.facebook.com/zioneyezllc__________________________________ (W) 8. Are you planning on offering any compensation for backers who wait out the long wait for the final product? This does not mean that you can say yes to this and still not provide updates. Yes / No (Z) Not at this time. We are looking into providing additional rewards to all of our Kickstarter backers. However, we do not have the additional funds at this time to do so. (W) 9. Please provide a schedule of updates that will be provided to the backer community. Weekly / Bi-Weekly (Z) Our goal is to post Bi-Weekly updates. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team Don't know if this Kickstarter project has been refered to here before: <url>"They can issue a refund through Amazon within 2-3 months of charging you. All they have to do is go into their amazon payment, find your transaction (they can search using your transaction ID) and then issue the refund. If its been past 2-3 months (cant remember exactly) then Amazon wont process the refund. But there's no reason they cant just send you a refund through paypal - we did that for 1 person." *sarcasm: It's pretty difficult to set up a PayPal account so please bare with Zeyez. Below are the strenuous requirements Step 1: You'll create a PayPal account (or use an existing one) and a PayPal Manager login. Step 2: Provide business and business owner details, including: Tax ID (Employer Identification Number or Social Security number) Sales Volume Business Contact Information Step 3: We'll contact you within 2 business days to let you know your application status. We approve most applications. It's time for another silly blablah-update with empty promises! How about talking about our positive feedback and stuff? @ David -- it's likely it takes still pictures at 3MP, and video at lower than that -- many still cameras that can also do video do the same. @ Dan Raeder, this is good to hear -- it's nice to see other people getting motivated. While I doubt the BBB will be able to do anything. the Amazon customer service account is very helpful. I will be emailing them shortly. 3 megapixels? That's huge video resolution (720p is under 1 megapixel). There must be some mistake in the description. <url>"pre-order" the glasses, but just a small amount. I'm actually glad I did though, as it has been so enlightening to read all of you big donors' comments the last several months. I am so sorry for what you are going through and I am going to report them to the BBB and FTC right along with you (more can only help your plight), as I too have a first-person view of this fraud. Although I don't need a refund since I gave so small with no kickstarter reward, I want to do whatever I can to help the rest of you all out. Good luck everyone. Wayne, it sounds like you are getting the same line of unsubstantiated BS they have been feeding us since they launched the project in the first place. I would just post the reply. If they wanted to make it public, they would have posted *something*, *anything* by now on Kickstarter. @ozy if we ever go to court they'll claim "once a month" or "monthly" as frequent. Even if the update was about them feeding their cat a laxative things may look in their favor for keeping their word. Despite the many other times they haven't. I got a pretty informative email from ZionEyez to some pretty specific questions I asked. I've asked them if it's OK if I share that email reply with you all. I'me just waiting to hear back from them. The email turn around time was closer to 4-5 days but it was not a form letter reply. I'm just trying to share what was sent to me with you guys but also would like their buy in. If I don't hear back from them by April 10th. I'll post the email. Just some points of note, glasses sometime this summer (2012). No refunds at the moment but being investigated. A new prototype is on the horizon. I'm holding out for them still. The Googe Glass project looks AMAZING and I'll be getting one of those for sure if they are within my budget! Cheers all. @david -- if you think they have a camera -- or that you will ever see them, you will be sadly mistaken. By the time Zion Eyez hits the market, they will not be worth the $150 we paid -- and will be available from gas stations for $3.50. That said, look what is released next month: <url>— you meant to email zioneyeZ.com; the mail server rejection you got was from zioneyeS.com. Did you definitely email the right address? This user's account has been deleted. @David, don't get excited. They have been promising frequent updates for a while now, and have not bothered to give us one concrete update -- let alone frequent ones. The screwy thing is that I followed the procedure they told someone else to follow, but that person doesn't want a refund. It seems that if you want a refund, you can't get one, but if you don't want a refund, you can ask for one. This makes no sense. Sweet, so they will give us monthly updates. Now we know when to expect it. Sorry you can't get your refund though, I guess Amazon doesn't allow purchase disputes or refunds. You could try to forward the email to your bank and say, "see they want to give it back, but they don't know how. just take it from their account they used to pull it". OK, so they sent one person info on how to request a refund, but here's what they sent me: Thanks for your Kickstarter backing! We understand that you are frustrated about the delays in shipping and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience they may have caused you. Unfortunately, we have no infrastructure established to refund our Kickstarter backers at this time. The Kickstarter backing is the driving force behind Eyez production, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us. The ZionEyez team is working diligently to get Eyez to you as quickly as possible. We will be sending monthly updates, keeping our backers informed of new developments in engineering, production and distribution." So, now it's no refunds. So, Zion Eyez, where is our promised update? As you can see, we are getting eager for information regarding our refunds. This user's account has been deleted. Some people may have missed this in the comment thread for the last update, but one person received a message saying that he could request a refund by sending an email with the title "PRE-ORDER REFUND REQUEST" with his info to <email>. I sent one such message last week, and I will continue to send messages every 48 hours or so until I receive my refund. I would like to point out that Zion Eyez promised a substantial update by the end of last week. Yet another case of these con artists lying to us, and not following through on promises. While 'Development stage of production' has meaning, 'production stage of development' does not. The 'production' in the former refers to the whole process, and in the latter, there is no possible definitions that make sense. If they are still in development, but have production running, that is the prototype phase, and is not 'production'. As for this not being wirefraud, I believe, according to the FTC rules, they will have to prove that they are intending to ship a product, and have always intended to ship the product with the agreed upon specifications and in the agreed upon timeline -- and have reasonably communicated all delays -- which still has not happened. They still owe us the full value of our pledges. @David Elliott, production phase is allways a stage that comes after development. This holds true in any business I have been involved in, (product or service oriented). I would be very suprised if the Edison Award is using a different definition than the rest of the world. @Mårten Brödje, but is that the definition of "production phase" that the Edison Award is using? That was the context of the original question? If the project is in production phase they are producing actual units based on a set specification. That seems very unlikely since they just sent out a survey, something you do before development or as part of early development stage if you keep your customers close. (And I don't get that feeling in this case). 'Production phase of development' is an oxymoron and you can only say that if you create your sentences by pulling random words out of a hat. Zioneyez, are you still in development or is there a set specification that you are producing units based upon? If the former one, when do you think you will start producing? If the latter one, when will I get my pair and for what reason did you send out a survey to your backers when the specification allready is set? @ozy, the reason I say that the refunds probably won't be 100% is that I doubt that they can get back the fees taken by Kickstarter and Amazon, and unless they got additional funding from someone to keep them going, they won't be able to afford to give full refunds. I'm expecting them to offer a partial refund - which you can take or wait for the product. As long as they still say they're going to complete and ship the product, it's not wire fraud. Is there a definition associated with the term "production phase"? Oops, I forgot to elaborate more. For the Edison Award Nomination the product has to be in production phase, so they did that part legitimately. Hi Zeyez! I would like my money back. Please advise. Production phase of development?! That's just plain stupid. I asked a Yes/No question if they were in the production stage. Their response Hi David, Thanks for reaching out to us! Yes, Eyez are in the "production" phase of development. Please don't hesitate if you have any more questions. Best Regards, @greezer -- they might not be able to help, but at least they are going to start seeing multiple complaints... okay, I filed a complaint at the FTC, but I'm not quite sure, if they can help me, since I live in Switzerland. But I hope the best! Here is another one: Hi Glenn, Thanks for reaching out to us. As you know, one of our earliest prototypes was reviewed by Engadget recently. Our most current iteration of Eyez is will be unveiled to our Kickstarter Backers before the general public. We will include images in our future engineering updates to help our Backers visualize the product and work we've completed. Please dont hesitate if you have any more questions. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team Just got this in my email: " We are still working on the possibility of a refund for our Kickstarter Backers who are unwilling to wait for Eyez. We will keep you abreast of any new developments. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team" How hard is it to make a list of people wanting a refund, and mail them a check? Less than two days until the promised 'substantial update'... @Greezer: hey glad you got a response from Engadget. I was gonna email them again but I think I'll try to get a hold of The Verge and Gizmodo. If anyone else has free time, I suggest you do the same. @greezer, it can't hurt to contact them. It's international wire-fraud, which I would think they would (or *SHOULD*) care about... Okay, I've been spamming Zach Honig (that Engadget-Guy) about investigating further.. He replied to my (I think) 6th tweet! =) <url>"refunds" will not be 100%. @ZionEyez -- what positive comments? Are you even reading these comments? After months and months without any significant update, Zioneyez just received numerous negative remarks. This leaves them in a very negative situation. Its clear that the cannot (most likely by incompetence) and will not finish this kickstarter project. The only thing they are scared for is further damage for their own future and carreer. This is according to me the reason why they send this survey. Damage control !!! Just trying to investigate how big the damage is at this moment. How many dissapointed funders do we have to confront. Well, Zeyez, I like many others will refuse to fill out any survey unless you will give in the very near future concrete updates with an exact timle shedule. For the rest I hope that the damage you created just now will not prevent any further plans from all of you i have officially given up hope. pivothead.com are releasing their 1080p sunglasses next month. Hack sunglasses A while back, Zion Eyez claimed to have been nominated for an award from 'Edison Awards'. Looking into this, I found out two interesting facts: 1) companies pay to have their product nominated, and 2) Zion Eyez was not eligible for nomination, as they did not launch a product prior to Feb 19, 2012. I have sent an email to the board of directors of that organization to inform them of Zion Eyez' ineligibility, and suggest other people do the same. @greezer, hell at this point, I would be willing to sign an NDA to see the progress -- assuming I was allowed the simple right to state to the other backers that I *SAW* something, even if not *what* I saw. the following mesage was sent to all channels of ZionFail I could find: Hello there, Since you'll answer my message within 48h, let me ask you a question! Is it possible, to send me some in-progress pictures of what you're doing at the moment? Say a prototype or something? But if you do, please add a paper to the picture with the actual date on it, so we can be sure its not an old picture. We, the backers, would appreciate this! sincerly, Glenn I hope the best.. Well, less than 5 days until the promised 'substantial' update -- so I give it a month before we actually get an update, and 5 months until we get one that would be classified as 'substantial'... @Martin, exactly. These people released a survey that is either an attempt to justify their poor progress, or proof of their ineptitude. Either way, a terrible sign. Worst Kickstarter *ever*. I find it bewildering that ZionEyez sent us a product survey in March 2012. On that note, if the marketing research expertise shown by that exquisite survey is any indication of how professional the design and manufacturing process is going to be... Then we may as well start ordering some pivotheads. this is complete fraud both on part of Kickstarter and ZionEyes. People across the globe funded the project and what we got in return ??? nothing except false promises and useless updates and survey. All the backers should demand refund with interest and dump these fraud companies. Engadget contacted. The more people that report this to everyone that will listen, such as the Seattle police and the FTC, as well as press outlets, the better. Oh lets not forget BGR <url>"It's between you and the company." Great, thanks Kickstarter for washing your hands of the mess you facilitated. See if I back your site ever again. So what would I like to see? 1) Obviously, more transparency from Zion Eyez and an option for money back rather than hokey surveys which imply that you're back to square one. 2) Engadget, specifically Zach Honig, needs to bring this to light. It's the least you can do after 4 articles chronicling this project. 3) Kickstarter needs to step in and address this situation. Show that your site has the integrity necessary for longevity. honestly, I think they should keep these glasses simple. Have the ability to record and at the end of the day, take em home, plug them into your computer, it shoes up on your desktop, drag and drop the file onto your desktop and your done. Thats it. I'm sure the idea of having this app that will allow you to sync wireless to your smartphone sounds great but you know, I'm not trying to wait any longer than I already have. Just release the glasses and if we like them then maybe the next model you release we'll buy, but the way things are going, I'll probably never give my money to Zeyez ever again. @ozymandias - yes I have seen similar glasses but most can only record video but so far I haven't seen any that can transmit either bluetooth or wifi signals. I would think that would require more much more battery power which assumes most likely a bigger bulkier battery ie form factor. The reason I became a backer in Zioneyez was because of the wireless transmission feature which at the time I believe no one had in similar glasses and as far as I know still does not have. The surveillance aspect of the glasses is what interests me. I would have liked to see other forms of the glasses technology and size in things like a tie camera or lapel camera that can remotely transmit video to a smartphone. Pivothead lists an MSRP of $350 and will probably have a street price of $300 - still $100 more expensive than what Zianeyez promises for their additional wireless technology One thing to keep in mind is that GoPro cameras are fairly ruggedized and have waterproof cases. We use them for whitewater rafting and kayaking videos, and they get fully immersed and banged around without failing. They also built in an expansion system, a display (albeit a small one), and a standard SD card slot. I haven't opened mine up, but I suspect that most of the volume of the case is not really necessary to the operation of the device. You may be right that ZionEyes have a concept that isn't easy to implement, but it's not that far off. After all, people have been posting about the Oakley and other glasses that already exist, and they aren't terribly bulky. @Jonathon -- if they delay long enough the technology *will* become possible... Don't forget <url>’t as far as I can tell. In fact I haven’t seen anything close to the concept zioneys has. So it make me wonder if the Zioneyes technology is even possible. You are talking about a miniature hd dv camera running on a very tiny battery with the ability to wirelessly transmit and record. I have not seen a camera that small with those technologies currently in the marketplace except maybe surgical or medical cameras. You are talking CIA or MI6 (James Bond like) spy gadget technology. Maybe they found out that that it may be too cost prohibitive to produce something that small and thus the delaying tactics. You would think that you would at least see some Chinese knockoff of this concept and this may explain why you don't see anything like it out there. The Chinese can see the potential sales considering how much funding Zioneyez raised. It all sounded too good to be true. Another suggestion: Check out a couple other projects and see how they handle updates. Has anyone gotten their t-shirts? I cannot imagine a production problem with t-shirts. @David -- that's the same problem with 'iPhone Quality' -- here is a link to demonstrate that: <url>"GoPro" by itself doesn't imply a spec. GoPro is a brand - this is like saying "Kodak quality". The GoPro HD Hero and HD Hero 2 will record 1080p at 30fps, but there is also the HD Hero 960 (960p@30fps) and I believe that the original Hero recorded at 720p@30fps. Jason, that would be fraud. I believe the FTC would be even more interested in that case than they already are. So if these glasses get the $250 GoPro quality video recording, are we, as backers still responsible for only paying $150 for them or are we going to get hit up for more money when, and if, these ship. Also -- I saved a copy of the survey, so when they turn around and say they are delaying because the survey results indicated people wanted to wait in exchange for higher quality, we can point out the questions were worthless. Also the "what should they retail for" question is a bit bogus -- we don't have any information on what features will exist, because they already announced throwing out the old design -- but they also already announced that the price would be more than $199 after pre-order..... @David -- it's a little disconcerting to me that they asked such poor questions. What is iPhone quality -- there are a *LOT* of models of iPhone out there -- and what is the price doing in the question? It only will skew the results towards the more expensive option -- which is not guaranteed to be the better quality option -- not to mention the fact that this was a checkbox question, and not a radio button -- I selected both boxes.... What essential editing functions would you like the application to offer? (Keep in mind that we would like to keep the app as simple as possible: please only write down your most important requirements) -- none, this is a video recording kickstarter, not a video editing kickstarter. Other free applications exist to edit videos. regarding the survey at <url>"substantial ".... In addition to the copy/paste job that indicates that they are not even reading the comments, I got this in my email: === As you know, the Kickstarter backing has been the driving force behind Eyez production. The capital we received was enough to initiate the first phase of engineering and stage us for manufacturing. Since then, we have had to raise a significant amount of capital to produce a product that would meet our Backers expectations. We receive many email inquiries on a daily basis and are working diligently to respond to them as quickly and thoroughly as possible. We have had delays in manufacturing due to various elements. As we've stated, designing and manufacturing the highest quality video recording glasses on the market requires a substantial financial investment. We are putting forth all the resources at our disposal to develop a quality product that exceeds what could be produced with only the Backing received from our Kickstarter community. We are grateful for your support, and in return we want to deliver the best product possible. We are working on a substantial update, which will be released next week. We humbly apologize for any inconvenience the delays have caused our Backers, and will do everything we can to meet their expectations in the future. Once again, thanks for reaching out to us @ZionEyez Team: I think I have your next update right here... "We understand your frustrations, and are working on getting Eyez to our customers as quickly as possible while offering refunds to our backers who are unwilling to wait. Both of these matters take time to orchestrate and we will elaborate on them in more detail in our future update." Post that immediately. Work on a longer version later. Do that, you just might regain some trust. @Garcia, that's exactly why I want my money back -- they failed the communication part of the deal. I would not be terribly surprised if refunds start coming -- it's going to help with any lawsuit or filings with the police/ftc if they try, anyway. @Garcia85, I'm starting to feel that way about a lot of projects. Most of them take far longer to produce than the creators originally believe, and in many cases you don't really get a better deal. I feel like I have a lot of money tied up in people who run and hide when things aren't as easy as they thought. Projects like this one don't help. I would be shocked if they actually started issuing refunds. I'm pretty sure the majority of people would want their money back. Honestly, I could care less how long it takes them to make these glasses, but the way they are handling things makes me just want to take my money back and either purchase a pair once they actually come out or look elsewhere. @David -- it's a start anyway. They are no longer sending form letters in response to everything and are actually bothering to promise progress. Of course, they have been promising an update 'soon' for almost a month now. I got a reply to my email yesterday and it took little more than 24 hours. If you don't want to read it below, here is the gist. Stop being anxious! The rest is the same jargon they've been saying. "Hi David, Thanks for your email. We will be posting an update soon with engineering data, and a shipment timeline as soon as we have solidified shipment dates with a 100% certainty. We understand that you are anxious to receive your pair of Eyez, and we are excited to get them to you. But, you must recognize that Eyez are taking more time, energy and capital to produce than initially projected. We believe that it is far more important to apply more resources and take the additional time to develop a high quality product instead of releasing one early that won't satisfy our backers expectations. I hope you can understand our reason for taking this approach. Please, feel free to send us any other insights you may have. Thanks for your support! -The Zeyez Team" My message: "Hello, I'm one of your kickstarter backers, and I would like an update. If you do not want to show any proprietary technology that is ok, but I and the others would probably like to see photos or journals of your trips to manufacturers, design team, meetings with third party vendors, or anything substantial. These updates must be done regularly such as perhaps every Friday or every other Friday. I would really like it to if you did a video tour of your offices or building to let us know you have a team working regularly. Could you please acknowledge consideration or receipt of this email outside of the automated response? Please also respond to my previous email because it has been more than 48 hours. Thank you," I didn't get a reply to my previous email (it was in regards to financial detail if they filed taxes) and it's only been a week. I assume they're implying they're too busy and rather devote time to the "product" than take a minute out of their time to say what happened during the week to include small tidbits that they met w/ so and so. The good news is refunds are supposedly coming. We will see how long they sit on our money and earn interest on it before we see it... My reply: Wow -- for the first time, I got a reply in under 48 hours. Granted, it still took 47 hours, 48 minutes, but a huge improvement. Please get working on the refund situation -- I'll believe that claim is true when I get my money back. Had you not handled this so poorly, I would still be patiently waiting. It's the lies, the delays, and the lack of integrity on your part that has upset everyone. - I just got fantastic news from Zion Eyez -- all it took was filing a complaint with the police and the FTC -- by myself, and whomever else got involved: Hi , All the email responses you are receiving are personalized. We understand your frustrations, and are working on getting Eyez to our customers as quickly as possible while offering refunds to our backers who are unwilling to wait. Both of these matters take time to orchestrate and we will elaborate on them in more detail in our future update. Thanks again for voicing your concerns. Filed with the FTC, and was given the reference number 35888874, if anyone else files, feel free to reference that number. Here is the Federal Trade Commission: <url>"Hey everyone, just found this site. I've been blocked by them on facebook so I cannot post there, and as I pre-ordered through their website, I am unable to comment on the kickstarter page(which I just recently found). I pre-ordered the glasses through their website last summer as did quite a few other people I know and I'm sure many others have too. Pre-ordering through their website made it look like it was an actual pre-order for their product and not just funding the development of a product that I'll now likely ever see. I'f you include the amount of people that probably pre-ordered through their site, they've likedly raised far more than the $343k it currently says on their kickstarter page." Thank you for contacting the City of Seattle. Your request has been successfully submitted. The tracking number is 12-00020440. Please refer to this number when following up on your inquiry. This last summer, I paid $150 to a Seattle Firm called 'Zion Eyez' as part of the pre-order of a pair of glasses with an embedded camera. I enganged in this behavior through the website <url># 350 Seattle, WA 98125 Thanks, @Leo, you raise some very good points. I am going to spend some time filling out the Seattle Police's Contact Us form from <url>"Internet Fraud" is a growing crime in Sweden and has become a focus area for the police and judiciary system. This will cost me nothing, apart from Swedish tax which I pay anyway. It may take some time to get them over here but in the meantime they will probably get travel restrictions and other discomforts. I will post any replies from Zioneyez and its representatives in its entirety, here at Kickstarter as well as at Zionkick.com. This message will also be posted to <email> I've been following the comments on this page but this is the first time I've posted. Like everybody else, I'd like either my glasses or my money back. I'm not going to get either. The glasses are vaporware and the money is gone. Filing a class action civil suit is not easy. I'm not an attorney, but I have a pretty fair idea about how all of this works. First, you have to find an attorney who can look at this situation and see if it's going to be worth his time. He's going to be working for a percentage of the award as his fee, which can be as high as 40%. Then, he's going to have to get the case certified as a class action; not easy, especially since the plaintiffs (us) are scattered all over the place. Finally, he's going to have to do all the discovery (depositions, etc.) at his own expense and either settle the case or take it to court. All of that takes money and even if you manage to get punitive damages, I doubt that a verdict is going to be more than $700,000 or so. The attorney gets his expenses off the top (which could be considerable) plus his percentage. The balance is distributed amongst the plaintiffs. But the defendants might be broke, which means that you get nothing anyway. And you have to consider the fact that after all this, YOU MIGHT LOSE. I've seen attorneys go bankrupt this way. This situation has all the elements of criminal fraud. Rather than sue to get the money back, it would be worth the $150 to see these guys indicted, arrested, tried and convicted. The amount of money involved easily qualifies this as a felony. The problem is that the principals would have to be charged in their local jurisdiction and some Prosecutor would have to be willing to investigate the allegations to determine if there was criminal intent. In other words, that the developers had little or no intention of ever producing the product and engaged in a deceitful scheme for their own personal enrichment. It's a long shot but it might be worth someone getting in touch with law enforcement and asking a couple of questions. Just my $150 worth. Bummer. I still hope it's not BS. They say they've been "secretive" because of proprietary tech, etc... But, why can't they be a little more like Hexbright, or the single dude running the ISS Notify project? I still want to believe that I funded a killer product and GET a pair of ZEyes... someday? @Dan, that's not a bad idea. I am going to look into that in my district. You don't even need to get all 2,000 people to file -- I have a hard time believing these con artists will bother flying around the country to fight for $250 -- it would cost that much to show up! This user's account has been deleted. ZEyes, is this a joke. Are you delusional? Do you not see how much hate your getting? Even the people who were supporting you are nowhere to be found. All I ask is to keep us posted on what's going on cause so far we haven't been hearing much from you guys. What positive feedback are they talking about, I must have missed it? Well it can't be from backers, so who is it then? :-) Dear Zeyez Team, Why don't you go f***k yourself? Your 48h-promise is the same bullshit as your whole "Company" is! I'm waiting for about 10days for an answer, still nothing! @ozy: I guess, by posting this "we will email you within 48h or 48days" shit, they can keep Kickstarter away from investigating further, since (as Kickstarter sees) they give us the chance to contact them but we miss that.. Interesting note, when I sent an email to the *SAME EMAIL ADDRESS* mentioning I was a potential wholesaler interested in carrying the product, I got a reply in 72 hours. This means they are actually reading the messages fairly frequently -- and are just ignoring backers. The emails I sent as a backer *still* have not received a reply. zioneyez, how is the refund process coming along? When will you be set up to issue refunds? @Garcia, it's been far longer than a month since we last had *any* substantive updates, too. Just because they posted something, doesn't mean it had value. It's a shame! All that potential and promise...I'm up for a class-action, will be looking into it So it's been over a monotone their last update? C'mon ZEyes. Unless you guys are dead in a ditch somewhere, I see no reason why you can't give us updates. @Ron, Looks like in the US, these scammers got away with it, so far. They successfully drew this issue out long enough to get out of the chargeback window, and now we are unable to do anything but sue. Anyone else interested? I would be willing to donate 75-100% of my pledge and have it go to a lawyer rather than these scammers at this point in time. Anyone else interested in trying to get a class-action going? Or even know how to start that process? At 4 days waiting for my reply. I guess I didn't take into account they may not have filled their taxes for last year yet, but they still exceeded their response time like they did to most of us. @Ron, if you look back at the updates, several people have said that they've tried. The only person I saw that had any luck was a guy in England, but we haven't heard whether or not ZionEyez responded to the chargeback. Has anyone contacted their credit-card company to get a chargeback on this seemingly fraudulent scam? I usually read The Verge, Gizmodo and Kotaku, usually they post about Kickstarter projects, whether they be video game related or gadget related but you know what? I dont even bother to click on it, as cool as it may be, as much as I want to back "X" project, I wont even bother because of ZionEyez and my horrible experience with Kickstarter. Thanks guys lol. I finally got a reply to my emails. Too bad it is the same form-letter filled with lies as before: === Thanks for your Kickstarter backing! Unfortunately, we have no infrastructure established to refund our Kickstarter backers at this time. The Kickstarter backing is the driving force behind Eyez production, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us. The ZionEyez team is working diligently to get Eyez to you as quickly as possible. We will be sending monthly updates, keeping our backers informed of new developments in engineering, production and distribution. Thanks for your support! === My reply: === Could you please respond to me with an actual update, and not a form letter filled with lies -- that you have sent to me repeatedly? === It's interesting that they claim they appreciate the kickstarter backing -- but make no effort to show that. They also claim to be working diligently -- but once again fail to provide any evidence, they claim to be willing to send monthly updates, but their update record proves that wrong, and then they also claim to be willing to keep us informed of updates -- again, a pack of lies. When they do bother to post an update, they have yet to provide any actual updates to engineering, production, and distrobution. We have heard vague comments about the former -- nothing I would call 'keeping us updated', and absolutely nothing about the later two. In fact, the last official word was that they were still planning on shipping over THREE MONTHS AGO. ZEyes can you guys please update us and tell your backers how you guys are once again working diligently and perfecting these glasses that by the time are released will be garbage compared to your competitors? kthnxbye. @ozy, sure, but if someone happened to mention something to the IRS... People should start checking the <url>"Contact Us" form: Since the Zion Eyez project has failed, I would like a refund. This project has made no progress, and is not responding to backers, or following through on any of the promises made, nor is there a plan in place to remedy any of this. I am aware that typically Kickstarter does not issue refunds, but since the con artists running this project successfully delayed more than two months after my credit card was charged, I am unable to issue a charge back, and Amazon Payments is no better. Let me know -- I'll chip in! I just wish that they would follow through on *anything* that they say. I suspect that they chickened out when they found out you intended to share the conversation with others. They sent you the phone option for two reasons -- hoping you would not follow through, and because then there would not be a record of what you said -- just you, versus them. Now that they know you would record it, and hold them accountable, they were too busy. Seems strange that they are too busy to do anything they promised, or even to post a new update. Well, I'm not disappointed. it's all I thought from the beginning of my eMail conversations.. I set them a due-date (17th of March) until they can set up a Skype-Conference-Appointment with me. If they fail to set up this appointment, I'll start a Kickstarter-Project for a flight to Kick-Start them in Seattle.. :) So, Zion Eyez, how's the progress going on refunds? @greezer, I would not be too disappointed. I have yet to get anything other than a simple copy/paste. It's a shame that they keep pretending to want to improve the relations, but when it comes down to putting their money where their mouth is, they can't be bothered to reply in a timely manner, reply individually, or address any of the concerns raised. In fact, they seem oblivious to the concerns, as they continue to pretend that they are getting positive feed back. Zion Eyez, this is a failed project, and you have failed to provide any reason for us to think otherwise. Start issuing refunds. Okay, so I've sent my questions to ZionEyez, they didn't answer within 48h, and they didn't answer my questions. But let me share my conversation: "Hello, I would appreciate a response here and in public to each of the following questions. If you decide to ignore the questions, I will continue to ask them and you will look even more foolish and uncooperative than you have shown yourselves to be to date. 1) When should we be expecting to receive the product you promised we'd already have received? 2) Why should we believe you this time? 3) Why has it taken you so long to communicate with your backers? 4) Will you be providing us with any substantive information about your progress that doesn't read like a regurgitated press release spouting vague marketing babbletalk? 5) Will you be providing dissatisfied backers with full refunds upon request? As soon as you've refunded my $150 I'll stop asking questions. Your move ZionEyez..." within almost 48h (!) I've got the following answer: "Dear Glenn, Thank you for reaching out to the Zeyez team. A member of our Zeyez team would like to speak with you to address the concerns that were in your email. Please provide us with your availability for the week and we will do our best to get in contact with you as soon as possible. Please let us reassure you that we are diligently working on getting the best possible product to you and the other Kickstarter backers as soon as possible. We definitely shot ourselves in the foot by not engaging our KickStarter backers sooner for all sorts of bad reasons - fear of sharing proprietary technology, desire to create excitement for a "big" release, etc. It was painful but we have definitely learned our lesson. We look forward to speaking with you soon." okay ZionEyez, let's play that game: "Hello there, We can talk, via Skype or anything like that. No problem at all! But be aware, that I will record this call and share it with all the backers of your Product. I think, only this will be fair. If thats fine, please contact me from a personalized email address, not that info@ adress, by that person I will have that call (or whatever). Don't mess this up, we still have a little bit of faith in you! Regards, Glenn" but they've fu**ed up! "Dear Glenn, Sorry our team has not scheduled a phone call with you since our last email. For now, lets continue dialogue via email. We understand your disappointment that you have not received the glasses yet and we want to ensure you that we are working hard to send you the best product possible at the earliest date. As you know, the quotes that we received from engineers, suppliers and manufacturers made it clear that the cost of developing and engineering a high quality pair of video-streaming glasses that would meet the expectations of our backers exceeded the funds we raised on Kickstarter. We want to give you the best product possible in terms of battery life, image quality, wearability, ease of use, and streaming speed, rather than the cheap and ill-fitting video-recording glasses that already exist on the market. As a result, we are seeking additional financing, while working at the same type on engineering additional prototypes and developing product requirement documents for manufacturing the product. Zeyez is making quick progress on both fronts and hopes to be able to launch the product by the summer of 2012. We are reluctant to give a precise shipping deadline to our backers until we are 100% confident that we can meet it. What we can guarantee is that our team is working as hard as possible to send you the best product and that our Kickstarter backers will receive their glasses ahead of the general public. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team" so that's what I got this week.. lame as usual.. Its sad that this forum isn't Facebook with like buttons. Because I fear majority of people would like comments posted by ozy and the like, but have no way to say they agree, without actually posting. In a forum like this, 500 people posting "I agree with this comment" will cause nothing but spam, so people don't do it. But I can bet most people are thinking the exact same thing. It's just already been said. I think some of this frustration is understandable and I am not encouraged anymore than anyone else with delays based on promising a product beyond what we signed up for. I would be quite happy to receive what was originally promised, the product need not be delayed based on endless technological advances as time goes on. I am probably more patient than most and even perhaps naive to continue to trust the ZionEyez team, however it would be nice if they came up with something tangible before Google Eyes are released in the fall, I am thinking that product will really rock! I know for one thing that if this project does end badly, KickStarter would be off my list of honest brokers for simply not doing their due diligence in allowing 'scammers' to use their services. So far I am still optimistic that this is a genuine delay to improve the product even though I did not expect anything better than was advertised in the first place. Zion Eyez, where are our refunds? I am tired of your lies, your failure to provide concrete details, and your spamming form letters, both as replies to emails, and here. In case you have not noticed -- there is no positive feedback, just people sick of your shit. Since you won't put forth the effort to fix the problems, I want out. Please set up a method to process refunds, and start refunding people's money. Zion Eyez, where are our refunds? Zioneyes reply to my email. They say, Zeyez is making quick progress on both fronts and hopes to be able to launch the product by the summer of 2012. summer of 2012.... ;-( I still say we should organize a twitter bomb tagging in KickStarter and Zeyez. 2106 potential voices all bringing information out to the internet about this massive failure, KickStarter will maybe finally start paying attention and stop playing Switzerland on this one. Especially as it's sure to grab attention from media outlets and the like. Zion Eyez, where are our refunds? @Anker, that's the same response I have got the multiple times I have contacted Kickstarter. At least they respond, unlike ZionEyez. As expected I just got this and I believe it is a copy/paste because of the approx. 30 sec. respons: :-) What happens in their community is important, but apparently not important enough to get involved? :-( ------------- Hi Anker, Sorry to hear you’re having a bad experience. Obviously communicating with backers is a crucial part of running a Kickstarter. We emphasize the importance of this to creators every chance we get, but still it’s up to them to post Project Updates and respond to comments and messages. Kickstarter cannot issue refunds as all transactions are between creators and backers. If you wish, you can write the creator and request a refund. Creators aren’t obligated to issue refunds when a backer asks. The fulfillment of a project is the sole responsibility of its creator, but what happens in our community is important to us. Thanks for letting us know. Best, Katherine I have just send this message to the Kickstarter Team: :-) "I think it must be about time for the Kickstarter team to step in and play an active role in solving the problems with ZionEyes and a lot of angry/frustrated backers?" Regards Anker Norup Has anyone contacted KickStarter and asked them to intervene? It's one thing to be struggling with the design and technology (we obviously want the product to work correctly) and another to admit you miscalculated the budget for the project. The latest email response to Ozymandias states that the cost of fulfilling the KickStarter orders exceeds the money raised. That certainly seems like grounds for refunds. We are not waiting for them to develop the core technology. We are waiting for them to raise more money. To me that is a big difference. So, when do we get our refunds? Surprise of surprises, I actually got a reply today -- literally 7 days later than promised -- and instead of answering the questions (again, as promised) I got a generic form letter that was basically just the latest Kickstarter updates. Seriously guys, when will you come through with your promises, or give us refunds? The reply is included below, and this will be sent to Zion Eyez via all three methods of communication -- in another week or two, I might get another form response. Thank you for your e-mail and your support on Kickstarter. We understand your disappointment that you have not received the glasses yet and we want to ensure you that we are working hard to send you the best product possible at the earliest date. As you know, the quotes that we received from engineers, suppliers and manufacturers made it clear that the cost of developing and engineering a high quality pair of video-streaming glasses that would meet the expectations of our backers exceeded the funds we raised on Kickstarter. We want to give you the best product possible in terms of battery life, image quality, wearability, ease of use, and streaming speed, rather than the cheap and ill-fitting video-recording glasses that already exist on the market. As a result, we are seeking additional financing, while working at the same type on engineering additional prototypes and developing product requirement documents for manufacturing the product. Zeyez is making quick progress on both fronts and hopes to be able to launch the product by the summer of 2012. We are reluctant to give a precise shipping deadline to our backers until we are 100% confident that we can meet it. What we can guarantee is that our team is working as hard as possible to send you the best product and that our Kickstarter backers will receive their glasses ahead of the general public. Thanks for your patience and support. -The Zeyez Team @David: I dont know david, a lot goes into making a shirt. I'm sure ZioneEyez was ready to make the shirts, then they felt that they could improve the stitching on the shirts and thus they had to push the release date on these shirts back, then they felt that instead of shirts, they should manufacture sweaters instead and thus, again, the release date for these sweaters got pushed back once again.. lol. oh speaking of different level pledges, did anyone get their shirt for the pledges that included it? That couldn't have taken 6+ months to fabricate This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Lawrence Ku -- someone did some tracking down a while back, and found they had recently been on tropical beaches, and riding elephants.... That much money gets you a long, long way these days. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @garcia85 we are not fools -- we are victims. I feel like a fool. Especially after telling all my friends about this product... Well, my bank just let me know that I cannot file a charge back on this issue. Crap. Dear Zion Eyez, On one hand, I am a few hours early -- it's only been 45 hours since my last email to you. On the other hand, it's been 8 days since I first sent you an email under your *claimed* 48 hour response time policy -- and it's been several months since you last responded to my emails. I have tried to contact you over your preferred email, I left public messages for you in the comments thread, and I have sent you messages via Kickstarter for good measure. When can I expect a reply? Why are you lying to us about making an effort to respond? Why are ignoring us? What are you hiding? Are you even still alive? Have you died? Been abducted? Faked your own death to avoid us? Why no new updates? Why no replies to your backers? OK, so it sounds like you and ozy are both working with your banks and are working on getting your refunds. Let us know how it works out. @David, basically exactly what ozy said. @David Many people are outside the window to issue a credit card charge back. Zion Eyez successfully drew the issue out long enough that Amazon Payments and most US based credit cards will no longer easily accept charge backs. I am currently working with my bank that issued my credit card to try and get my money back, but it is not promising, due to the fact that I fell for Zion Eyez' claim of Winter 2011, and did not start the charge back process until after that -- which put me outside the standard charge back deadline. Fortunately my bank is actually a credit union, and they understand that the payment was made at the time the order was placed, and are looking into considering the anticipated delivery date as the basis for the charge back time line. Geeq, are you expecting the ZionEyez folks to send you a refund? Have you talked to your credit card company about disputing the charge? Not surprised at all. Basically expecting to never see a product that isnt some cheap flimsy knockoff of the original idea, and probably not for another year at least. I WANT MY MONEY BACK. Well, is anyone really surprised that the latest claims about responding to emails was a lie? I sent an email 9am on 2/28/12. and a follow up at 4pm 3/1/12 -- and I have not received a response. I posted the message here, in a Kickstarter PM, and via the requested email address, and I have not even received a confirmation that the message was received. This project appears to be nothing more than a long-con. The longer they draw it out, the harder it is to get our money back. Sending this via Comment, Private Message, and Email. How Can I Take My Money Back?Is there anyway, I am willing to join in I invested some of my summer internship money for zioneyez, I though it would be cool to record some of my professors lectures in classes since I tend to day dream a lot. A semester came and past, and another one is almost finished. Please either make this product or give me a refund.This was my first time backing a product in kickstarter and im upset its hasn't worked out. @greezer, I don't intent to spam them more than once a day or so -- but I do intend to make sure that their lies are publicly exposed. The more they lie, the more it hurts *them*. At this point in time, I don't think a response will be worth anything at all. I won't get my money back, I won't be getting a product -- and I won't even be getting a response I can trust -- until they turn their behavior around and start trying to earn trust again. Has it been 24 hours yet? Let me say this again, with a tad bit more emphasis. YOU LIED, YOU WITHHOLD INFORMATION, I WANT MY MONEY BACK. You have to send it like spam, a few times, I got my answer really quick after sending 4-5 messages with the same text :) P.S. This message was also sent to Zion Eyez via kickstarter messages, this thread, and their requested email. Let's see if I have any luck getting a reply prior to 96 hours.... Well, I can't say I am surprised to find out that the latest claims of 48 hour response times are as bogus as all the other past claims. While I am still waiting on a response to a message sent months ago, I sent them a new message to give them the benefit of the doubt. I sent them an email to the requested address, I left the same message on this comment thread, and I sent them a message via Kickstarter. I'm here to report that two days later, I have not heard a single word from Zion Eyez. they have not bothered to even confirm that they got my messages, let alone sent a meaningful reply. ZionEyez, when will the lying stop, and when will you start noticing that you have backers that are looking for information? I sent you a message, as per your request, through the off-kickstarter line of communication, (which is an odd request on your part), and you have not responded to my inquiry, not even with a form letter. This is beyond unacceptable. I want my money back. Period Thx ozymandias, all that legal stuff will be clear, for me and for them. Hosting won't be a problem either, but I'm looking for a software (freeware) to record this on skype. Otherwise, I have to use my iPhone as a recorder and I'll have to transcript it because of a poor quality.. Thanks for your support! Greezer -- I think they are deliberately trying to make it hard/illegal to make a record of what they have to say -- or at least as hard as possible for people to share it. Even if you did make an audio recording, unless you made a transcription, and posted it somewhere, it is unsearchable. If you *do* make such a recording, please be sure to make sure they are aware you are recording, to avoid any legal issues -- and make sure you post it somewhere. I have a high-bandwidth site I would be willing to host it on if you make one. Thank you for reaching out to the Zeyez team. A member of our Zeyez team would like to speak with you to address the concerns that were in your email. Please provide us with your availability for the week and we will do our best to get in contact with you as soon as possible. Please let us reassure you that we are diligently working on getting the best possible product to you and the other Kickstarter backers as soon as possible. We definitely shot ourselves in the foot by not engaging our KickStarter backers sooner for all sorts of bad reasons - fear of sharing proprietary technology, desire to create excitement for a "big" release, etc. It was painful but we have definitely learned our lesson. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Hmm, not sure, if I'd like to speak to them. Any freeware Skype-Recording Software? @zionEyez Please send a response to my message to you. I have, and will continue, to keep track of all my communications with you in a public forum, so all current backers and all future backers will have an opportunity to watch you dig yourself deeper and deeper into a whole. The only way to remedy this is to step up and provide the information requested -- that you promised to provide. 1) When are these shipping? 2) How can we get a refund? 3) What are the concrete specifications of these? 3) How do you plan to remedy the communication issues that have arisen? 4) How do you justify the lack of communication? 5) How do you plan on preventing similar issues from cropping up again? Even though you still have not responded to my requests for information from *DECEMBER*, I plan on posting this on the kickstarter project, as well as sending you a message via kickstarter, and emailing you. Please respond in all three places -- or at least on the project, in public. I have nothing to hide -- why do you? Just found out about Pivothead: <url>"Per your post on KickStarter, I'm sending you an email requesting info. I would like to know: 1. Currently, what are the final specs you expect to have in the product you ship? I'm talking everything from color and weight of frame, to the camera specs. 2. What is your estimated ship date at this time?" You did not respond withing 48 hours as promised twice on this comments page by your team. I feel you are lying to me as a consumer/backer by withholding information. It seems you only wanted us to email you individually to lower the amount of negative feedback you are receiving on this wall. However by failing to even send an autogenerated reply to me, you have caused MORE negative feedback. My email was very specific and simple, and should not have taken more than a few minutes to reply to. You would have though you would have learned by now not to make promises you can't keep. @Marten, At least you got a reply. I have not even got that. Sad that they are handling this so poorly. You would think with a third of a million dollars they could hire a minimum wage intern to handle this better. I did send a mail with comments, questions, concerns and ideas. Maybe I was naive to think that this was a way for you to get a new chance to start off on the right foot with your backers. But when you decided to pick an chose what to reply on and totally neglected to address the important issues, i.e. progress/status, problems and communication plan, I feel cheated. Again. The reply sent to me could have been cmpiled by a confirmation biased chatbot. I sincerely hope that you have provided the other backers with a little more substance. Promise to never, ever add 'communication' as a skill on your Linkedin accounts. ZionEyez -- when will I get a response to the message I sent to you in December? P.S. I say that here, because I have emailed you, as well as sent you several messages through Kickstarter, and have been ignored since *DECEMBER*. Much like most of your other updates, I seriously doubt you are making an attempt to reach out to backers -- your words go contrary to your actions, and I don't buy it. Dear ZionEyez Team, Please read the rest of the comments and reply to them as well. - Your backers @Eric G., the main reason I haven't initiated a chargeback is that I still want the product. I wasn't fooled by the "Winter Season 2011" date - I always assumed that they were playing a marketing game and meant March 2012. Since then, they have told us that they need more time. I am very disappointed that ZionEyez isn't being forthright, but they aren't the only people who do this. If I tried to get a refund for every Kickstarter project that was late, I'd be doing that for nearly every project I back. In any case, you seem to be the only person who has gone to the trouble of filing a dispute. Your experience could help other people decide to do the same. The credit card companies might decide to push back because the charges were made 7 months ago, but my understanding is that it's still possible. I wanted to find out where they came up w/ the idea of $55k for their target goal by clicking the video on the "Project Home" tab, and I noticed it's not the original video, but an undated "update." Does anyone have a link to the original? I just want to know if we funded a concept versus a prototype stage item for tooling/manufacturing. Of course I know the real answer now, but I want to use the video (if helpful) to educate students and friends know what to lookout for when backing a project. @david elliott yes, it is as you say - time will tell, but if you have the same laws why don't you all do this? at the very least it would be an administrative nightmare for "those who dare not speak its name". and a just one for the lack of communication and at best you get a refund. Nice, I came to post the Engadget article on Pivothead too. One thing for sure, if these do come out in April I'll be getting one and never looking back. Yes, Pivothead appear to be right on target with there launch date. You can become a fan and get a $25.00 discount off the price. Back when I first found them the price of the Recon was $295.00 now they are all $349.00. They are a lot like the Active i that I have. You can NOT make changes in the specifications with the Active i, however I am having fun with them and am thinking about getting a pair of the Pivotheads also. <url>"season" and no "expect") protects them. We have no real basis for a lawsuit yet. The only reason that people have a basis on the hanfree project is that the creator stated that the product would not be made. ZionEyez hasn't said anything of the sort. I'm still curious to see how Eric G's chargeback works out. I've been through this before, and it's not just as simple as telling your credit card provider that you were promised something that didn't ship. This process can take several months, and the company is given an opportunity to respond. @Eric G - Let us know how ZionEyes deals with your chargeback. When did you initiate the chargeback? What reason did you give? @Garcia -- if enough backers start organizing, they will to avoid a law suit There's no way they would issue refunds. If anything you would have to call your credit card company and try to get a refund that way Zion Eyez, Have you managed to implement a refund mechanism yet? I give up on this project, and would like my money back. Dave, They have deliberately not updated any concrete information after they missed 'Winter 2011'. They have been vague, and offered only excuses, not information. Ok, not trying to start a flame war but has anybody heard anything other than 'winter season 2011' for a ship date? Like most on here I paid in July and did so because I REALLY like the concept and want the product not necessarily my money back. Information other than marketecture and spam would be much appreciated. I see a lot of anger and some complacency in the comments on this project. I think action needed is elsewhere. I am pleased to report I got a chargeback on this dismal failure. Fortunately for me I live in the uk where we are protected in law against this sort of thing. Im still going to give them the benefit of the doubt and not jump to conclusions though yes I am upset their business practices are so casual and late. Though for all you really angry backers, might I suggest making a ZionEyez page each on facebook to complain about it? Then join everyone elses. Thatd be 2,089 pages with 2,089 members on each.I If my math is correct. Since ZionEyez deletes your comments on their own page, make your own. If you all do that next time someone goes to search ZionEyez's facebook page theyll get tons of negatively named search results. Ferdinand, one thing Kickstarter already does is to prevent people from having multiple active projects going at the same time. Also, it appears that they do some background checks on people first, so it would be hard for someone to do as you propose without scamming Kickstarter itself. I'm just saying that an eBay-like rating system doesn't really help. A smart scammer is going to hide their tracks. I don't think that ZionEyes is a scam at this point. I just think that they are very poor business people. What makes this project different from the equally late (and also without a firm ship date) Hex Bright project is the lack of communication. Lots of projects are late, but ZionEyes has lots of annoyed backers because they are being shifty. My Name:leoyuen Comments:To whom it may concern, I have previously had made a payment/transaction online in July 2011, but still have not received the product. I’ve also haven’t received any details regarding the postage, and would like to know more details regarding the deliver and my postage situation. Please find the payment details below regarding the transaction: Payment details: --------------- Transaction ID: 166ZJBQU63SM8V2SJI7E91TF5SMIFOMGMRK Recipient: ZionEyez LLC Amount: $150.00 For: Pledging $150.00 to EyezTM by ZionEyez HD Video Recording Glasses for Facebook on Kickstarter. Payment method: Mastercard XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-0013 Reference: KICKSTARTER COM Thanks you & Regards Leo Yuen Personally, I am going to be contacting each and every award organization that nominates Zion Eyez for any sort of award, and make sure they understand the vaporware aspect, and the fact that this product is appearing to be a scam. Until I either get a refund, or concrete updates, I am going to do everything in my power to prevent these con artists from milking another dime from anyone. It's Me Again. I must strongly suggest (and protest once more) to any visible obvious branding that would give away that the glasses are Zeyez (logo) or hint that they are recording (blinking LED). Since we last spoke, this little thing called The Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street happened. Protestors took to the street, many of them armed with cameras and live streaming. Police forces both Western and Eastern continents have expressly banned the use of social media, or simply taken it upon themselves to seize cameras and cellphones, or use the people holding them as target practice. People trying to make a change by holding others accountable for their actions, put their lives at risk when they hold up a camera. Zeyez can save lives. Even American journalists have been shot for filming on public street. Please don't paint us -- Zeyez owners -- with large blood stained bullseyes on or heads. Saving a life is more important than brand recognition. Keeping your product from being seized by unconscionable authority is more important than selling them. Here's what those who work at Kickstarter care about: <url>"fluffers". Do a google to find out what a fluffer does for a living. They get paid for getting us excited enough to give money to their clients so they can reach their "goal". In the case of Zioneyez, it appears the goal was to get the money. After the money's been squirted out, they've got other things to do. Nothing's gonna happen until we get pissed off enough to make things happen. I'll bet 95% of the backers are just going to sit back, take the loss and chalk it up to the fact that they've been losers all their lives so one more loss is no big deal. That leaves about a hundred of us that are going to have to do something if anything is going to ever happen. I put up a blog where we can organize and figure out what we're going to do. I don't have the resources to get the job done by myself. It's not time for anonymous to get involved, it's time for the backers to get involved instead of sitting back and waiting for someone else to do it. it's time for anonymous to get involved. and yeah, i don't plan to fund another kickstarter project..once burned.. David Elliott, i'm sure if Kickstarter wanted to they could put in some kind of vetting, rating thing. I know it wouldn't be perfect. But if we realize that anyone could con and there really isn't any way of knowing..wait. I'm going to quit my job, and put a 100 good sounding projects (just like eyez) and string you along, then walk away with the dough:) Once 'bad guys' know they can do this and see an opporunity, they will flood it. Kickstarter could be the equivalate of Craiglist to Ebay, until someone develops an Ebay model (better, not great) of Kickstarter...i'm sure that thought is flowing in the minds of people Update 17 continues to to pretend that none of the messages posted on this comments forum have ever been written. Perhaps blowing the whistle to some of these "award" agencies mentioned in these "updates" might work since complaints to KickStarter only result in "Pablum" responses. When I said "stave off a lawsuit", I meant that he's trying to prevent it from happening. There are serious threats, but he has been promising a plan to refund the money. @david -- how did that lawsuit get started? It seems like an option here -- that project only raised 1/10 of the funds raised here..... I really hope each and every outraged person sends a message directly to Kickstarter, and not just posts here. Kickstarter and ZionEyez are both likely ignoring this page. I WILL NO LONGER FUND ANY PROJECT ON KICKSTARTER. There have been a couple other projects on here I've been interested in. These **** bags aren't just screwing us, they're screwing all the honest people with good ideas. If they miss the projected delivery date, refunds should become an option. Not everyone will want one but those of us that care about honesty and punctuality should be afforded the opportunity to withdraw our support. This ZionEyez fraud/theft/con should mark the beginning of the end for Kickstarter. Kickstarter = aiding and abetting fraudsters. The kickstarter page still shows Winter 2011. That's the shipment window applied to the 2106 people who backed through Kickstarter. Anything done through the preorder page would apply to summer 2012 On the Zioneyez site faq it shows When will I receive my Eyez™? Your Eyez glasses will ship during this Summer, 2012. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment. @Ron: you hear them laugh? the ppl at Kickstarter? because they don't give a single shit about us now! It's a fight between us Backers and those bastards from ZionEyez! THIS IS MY POST TO KICKSTARTER I just want you to know that I will no Longer Participate in any Kickstarter Project. First of all It appears that KICKSTARTER does nothing to protect the interest of backers in general. It appears that your mission of seeing projects funded has no safety net for the backer. This is fundamentally flawed and needs to be addressed. After watching the Zioneyes fiasco unfold I will NO LONGER FUND ANY PROJECT ON KICKSTARTER AND I AM GOING TO MAKE IT A POINT TO MAKE SURE THAT FACEBOOK AND OTHER SITES THAT KICKSTARTER PARTICIPATES IN ARE AWARE OF THE FLAWED RESPONSE TO A PROJECT THAT GETS FUNDED BUT DOESN'T DELIVER. @Ferdinand, a review system really only works if you expect people to do multiple projects, and it's pretty easy for backers to check past projects already (as long as people complain). There's certainly no impetus for Kickstarter to provide any kind of rating system because it would only point out problems with their business model. Also, our current business climate doesn't really punish failures. For example, if you search for "hanfree" on Kickstarter, you will find a project that has failed to produce a product and a project manager who is trying to stave off a lawsuit while coming up with the money to refund the backers. If you search for "hanfree" on Google, you will find lots of articles describing and recommending the product, even though it doesn't exist and probably won't ever exist. Who out there has twitter? After seeing that they form-lettered engadget... <url>"finally finish that project I raised $350k for" Little bursts of motivation that go nowhere. Anyway. I'm wondering out of the 2106 people on here, how many actually check the page regularly, and how many have twitter accounts. My suggestion is determining a date sometime in the near future. I'd suggest the first day of Spring 2012. March 20th I believe. On this day, if 'zeyez' have failed to meet their shipment date. (I still feel like "winter 2011" ended on December 31st) And if we don't have legitimate answers from either them, or kickstarter... we twitter bomb the heck out of @kickstarter I too see many projects I WOULD support on here, but can't bring myself to laying down money for them after whats happened here. It's disappointing really, because now I could never use kickstarter myself either. It's almost embarrassing to be involved. I'm thinking if a few hundred people all post stuff like "Help us get our money back @kickstarter #zioneyezisascam" all in a coordinated effort, we might draw some realistic attention to this. I guess there is no way to vet a project when you donate? Someone pops up with some great idea - an idea in demand, great marketing and salesmanship, and in reality a big con? How do you protect against that? When you signed on all everyone got was exactly that, the 'prospectus' was minimal. There are really no guarantees to what you pledge. I suppose you have to expect a (high?) failure rate for someone just putting an 'ad' on for donation money. Too bad there isn't a rating type thing so when you pledge you have an idea of the probability of success? A rating /ranking system... I'm SO sick of those lazy bastards! Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, and Joe Taylor are a pile of lying dumbs! this sucks so hard.. ZionEyez is a company, which I will never-ever support again! no way! @Garcia85 -- make sure you let Kickstarter know your feelings. They are not likely to be reading this page on a regular basis. Let them know that Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, and Joe Taylor are having a negative impact on Kickstarter's income stream. I always see cool projects being started up on this site but supporting this one was a mistake, in all honesty I don't think I'll be supporting another project on kickstartet ever. Maybe it's about time we begin warning backers of other projects in here to get the full attention from the Kickstarter team. It feels like they are not taking this serious and hope that if they keep a low profile, the problem will just go away? And what about the money Kickstarter have received from this project? Just wondering! ozy, I got the exact same canned response today. james, people have posted about those glasses twice already. @James, Please make sure to let Kickstarter know by using the 'Contact Us' links. The more people tell them that, the more seriously they take this issue, and push Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, or Joe Taylor, the masterminds behind this little scam. Hi, so for $65 you can get a pair of spy glasses from china instead <url>’s happening. Sometimes creators hit unexpected roadblocks or simply underestimate how much time it takes to complete a project. If they haven’t posted an update in a while, try sending the creator a message or posting a comment to request more information about their progress. Best, -------------------------------------- Feb 13 13:05 (EST): Thank you so much for your quick reply. I have been trying to contact the creator by sending: 1) Sending email... multiple times. - No reply 2) Posting comments in the comment section. - No Reply 3) Posting messages on their Facebook page. - Postings deleted If you would please briefly scan the comments page for this project you will see that I am not the only one to experience this. I just ask that you take a look into this and would appreciate any help you could muster to elicit more communication with these guys. Again, thank you for responding so quickly. James Scurry -------------------------------------- Feb 13 15:07 (EST): Hi James, Sorry to hear you’re having a bad experience. Obviously communicating with backers is a crucial part of running a Kickstarter. We emphasize the importance of this to creators every chance we get, but still it’s up to them to post Project Updates and respond to comments and messages. Kickstarter cannot issue refunds as all transactions are between creators and backers. If you wish, you can write the creator and request a refund. Creators aren’t obligated to issue refunds when a backer asks. Best, @James, that's the spirit. The *only* times I have manged to get a response from Zion Eyez was after asking Kickstarter to request one for me, so it looks like Kickstarter is taking this a little more seriously than Zion Eyez. I'm going to post the names dug up by zionkick.com as the faceless people behind the product: Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist, Joe Taylor, in an effort to get google to return these complaints when potential sources of funding search for these names online.... That's just what I did. Here is what I sent: The mismanagement of this project is impacting my view of Kickstarter. The Zioneyes team has been negligent at best and fraudulent at worst in the handling this project. I can understand delays in the creation and manufacturing process but as a backer, I expect to be reasonably notified and kept aware of those delays... not kept completely in the dark. All indications are that the zioneyez team has taken my money and disappeared. I humbly request that you urge the Zioneyez team to make a realistic update to the production status of their product with meaningful information and an estimated time of delivery. Thank you. @Tamim -- Please be sure to send a message to Kickstarter, through one of the 'contact us' links, and let them know that the mismanagement of this project is impacting your view of Kickstarter, and what you would like to see done differently with this project. Since Zion Eyez is ignoring us, our only option is to put pressure on Kickstarter to put pressure on Zion Eyez. Man I am fucking pissed and will certainly NEVER FUND ANOTHER KICKSTARTER.com PROJECT EVER, I am through with kickstarter.com after this fiasco. Have you guys seen this link? <url>#/faq/ @Robin: for god sake, stop spamming the comments with comments to stop spamming! :P or start ignoring them, if you want to wait until 2025! @Mark & ozymandias For god sake stop spamming the comments. If your not able to cope with waiting, delays, changing specs and broken promises you should not back start-up tech projects but wait for actual product releases and buy them retail once the product is released. Kickstarter actually replied -- and the first thing they asked me to do was check the "estimated delivery date" -- which is awesome, since Zion Eyez have neglected that -- as well as us -- and it still says 2011. I am guessing they are shutting down the comments on facebook because they were all negative -- the last thing you want the new mark seeing is the comments from the last marks you swindled. @ozy: seems they have shut down any comment-possibility on FB.. so, in fact, we're doomed.. spooky people, deceptive business practice and no chance to contact any of those sukkrs.. Anyone wants to call Evan Lindquist? ZionEyez 2711 Lakeridge Lane Bellingham, Washington 98226 United States (360) 383-7735 or visit him? I'm from Switzerland, so it's quite expensive to call them.. Maybe skype? Going for the trifecta today -- I also sent a message to Kickstarter, asking them to once again get involved with this project and put pressure on Zion Eyez to post an update and answer many of the hanging questions. I just stopped by their facebook page to see if they have responded to any of the comments left there. It appears they have -- they deleted them. Nice. Really classy. David, good point. I want my $150 back to spend towards those! Andrew, the Google glasses are both a camera and a display, which is quite a different product from ZEyez. How do we get one started? We could at least force a reaction out of Zion Eyez... As there are 2,000+ backers couldn't we get a class action lawsuit going? I'm sure there would be a firm out there willing to take this on. Looks like while ZionEyez is faffing about, Google is going to come out with their own pair. <url>"Your Eyez glasses will ship during the Winter 2011 season. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment." Unless you are using some of the money left over from your tropical vacation to invent a time machine, that deadline can no longer be met. I would appreciate a response here in public to each of the following questions. If you decide to ignore the questions, I will continue to ask them and you will look even more foolish and uncooperative than you have shown yourselves to be to date. 1) When should we be expecting to receive the product you promised we'd already have received? 2) Why should we believe you this time? 3) Why has it taken you so long to communicate with your backers? 4) Will you be providing us with any substantive information about your progress that doesn't read like a regurgitated press release spouting vague marketing babbletalk? 5) Will you be providing dissatisfied backers with full refunds upon request? As soon as you've refunded my $150 I'll stop asking questions. Your move ZionEyez... Face it guys, we've all been scammed. I wish you all luck on getting your money back (yeah, right) or getting your glasses. I'm done with this. I wouldn't back that. A third of a million dollars buys an awfully long vacation in countries with beaches and elephants -- two things that are distinctly absent from Seattle. There is no reason to believe they are even in this country. You should seriously start that, I'd out money into that to actually go to their location to see exactly the progress they are making haha Would anyone back my project, if I would raise some money for a flight ticket to Seattle to Kick those guy's asses? :P or getting answers to Mark's questions.. Well, even if they ship now, they have been beaten to market. So much for being early adopters, guys. So, about those refunds..... Or at least answers to Mark's questions... Lets put it this way, If we do get the glasses if the wrapping is anything like what you see in the advertisement it would be a red flag that we have been ripped off. (Ron, did you notice the name of the company? I have to wonder if they are really legit.) LOL probably as Legit as this is appearing to be... But I have supported some other projects that have taken a while so at this point I am content to see what happens. You know there are legal remedies and class action suits that can take place. I am a Long time LE Officer and PI I guarantee you one thing they can run but they can't hide........ I would appreciate a response here in public to each of the following questions. If you decide to ignore the questions, I will continue to ask them and you will look even more foolish and uncooperative than you have shown yourselves to be to date. 1) When should we be expecting to receive the product you promised we'd already have received? 2) Why should we believe you this time? 3) Why has it taken you so long to communicate with your backers? 4) Will you be providing us with any substantive information about your progress that doesn't read like a regurgitated press release spouting vague marketing babbletalk? 5) Will you be providing dissatisfied backers with full refunds upon request? As soon as you've refunded my $150 I'll stop asking questions. Your move ZionEyez... @David Elliott...Yes I did I have found the same glasses on several sites. This particular site is a China based company and Looking they have had a lot of sales. I have not contacted them directly. I just found it interesting that the specifications and the looks of the glasses are pretty much identical to the specs of the Zion Eyez . Well, it's been 2 days. Still no response from Zion Eyez to my private message, nor answers to the questions here. I guess they don't have internet access on the back of their elephants. Ron, did you notice the name of the company? I have to wonder if they are really legit. This is interesting, I found these and they are a China made pair that seems to look very much like the glasses.....I actually don't like all the comments that are being made but I decided that I will post this for your reference. <url>"The Zeyez team is not on a beach in Thailand. We are working around the clock." (the comment that starts @J Lawrence, Rest assured...." at <url>"Not on a beach in Thailand." Um, ok. So lets take a look at the Facebook pages for the founders of Zioneyez. Evan Lindquist at <url>"not on a beach in Thailand" way too taunting. So on to the profile of Brent Burroff, the other founder. <url>"more time and financing ... than originally estimated", well, lets just say that specifically saying that you're "not on a beach in Thailand" while having profile pictures on the founders' Facebook pages showing them at a beach (and one that looks similar enough to Thailand beaches that I can't be sure it isn't actually Thailand) is not exactly a way to instill confidence. I should note that if you're really on track to build the thing and you've raised venture money and you're taking a bonus vacation, great -- spending money isn't proof that you've spent the backers' money. But it would be reassuring to know that. Please answer Mark Bakalor's totally reasonable questions. And while you're at it, it wouldn't hurt to provide some uninterested third party who can confirm you're spending the money you raised moving down the path to producing the product. Honestly, I am having trouble coming up with a way to reconcile your "not on a beach in Thailand" promise and your apparently "at a tropical beach" Facebook pictures. At this point I think litigation is quite likely. This is an inflection point for you. We all want you to be for real. We all want this product to really have happened (not as a long-delayed cheaply made copycat knockoff, but as the initial one to market). We are all believers in crowd-sourcing, and we would hate to see one of the most successful crowd-sourced projects (in terms of fundraising) turn into the object lesson for why crowd-sourcing should be avoided. Please just come clean with your backers. Tell us what happened. Tell us where the money is (hopefully in the hands of a reputable manufacturer). Tell us who you are working with to manufacture these. Tell us the exact status of the project. In a perfect world, I'd love to see you provide even a ballpark accounting of where the funds went. In short, your backers would much rather have helped a great product come to market than blaze the trail about how class action litigation works in the context of crowd-sourced projects. We just need you to provide us with hard facts that let us continue to believe in you. Because promising you're not on a beach in Thailand when your own Facebook profile pictures show your founders at a tropical beach sucks as a PR move, and just about guarantees that any contingency fee lawyer who looks at this will jump at the chance to take the case. As an aside, I'm guessing you are going to quickly change your profile pictures and make your Facebook profiles private. That will just serve to strongly feed the concern that there is something you are trying to hide. Given that your lack of communication and transparency are big causes of concern, I think hiding even more information also sucks as a PR move, but your call. Oh, and you might want to think about how you go about deleting data because, as your CEO will have learned at law school, now that you are aware that there is reasonably foreseeable litigation, there may be consequences to destroying evidence or "spoliation of evidence". Ask him about it. We're all hoping the project is for real. Coincidences happen. Seriously, they do, and as unlikely as it is starting to seem, we're still hoping this is all a very unusual coincidence. Show us that it is. If you discover an error here (like one of the founders having two Facebook friends with the same name, causing a profile misidentification) let me know so I can post a correction. The Facebook profiles are all linked through "Friend" relationships, which is the basis on which I connected them. 1/26/12 "...we had to partner with a manufacturer to produce Zeyez, rather than assemble them ourselves...." The implication is that their original game plan was to hand assemble 300+ pair of glasses themselves. I find that idea absurd. One look at that pitiful prototype on Engadget tells me they don't have the skills to pull that off. It's beginning to look like this was a hustle from the very beginning. Bookmark zionkick.com in case Kickstarter pulls this site. It will be important to keep up with the legal case being made against the perps. I asked for my $150 back and received the following reply: Hi William, Thanks for your Kickstarter backing! Unfortunately, we have no infrastructure established to refund our Kickstarter backers. The Kickstarter backing is the driving force behind Eyez production, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us. The ZionEyez team is working diligently to get Eyez to you as soon as possible. We will be sending a product distribution update in the near future, outlining product shipment dates. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Hey Zion Eyez -- why no answers to Mark's questions? Why are you failing to follow through on your promise of a comprehensive update that was due to us a while back? Sorry, forgot to post the link where they're still taking "pre-orders" for Summer 2012 - <url>"rebranding", their site advertises "ZionEyez" as being released in Summer of 2012. If that website hasn't been updated yet, then what's the _real_ expected date? Also, they're still taking pre-orders, so obviously they're not especially concerned with the production slippages. Anyway, as supporters we could agree on a drop-dead date and, if the schedule continues to slip, we could all get in on a class-action suit together. I doubt we'd be able to get the entirety of our money back but we could all recover something. I would appreciate a response here in public to each of the following questions. If you decide to ignore the questions, I will continue to ask them and you will look even more foolish and uncooperative than you have shown yourselves to be to date. 1) When should we be expecting to receive the product you promised we'd already have received? 2) Why should we believe you this time? 3) Why has it taken you so long to communicate with your backers? 4) Will you be providing us with any substantive information about your progress that doesn't read like a regurgitated press release spouting vague marketing babbletalk? 5) Will you be providing dissatisfied backers with full refunds upon request? As soon as you've refunded my $150 I'll stop asking questions. Your move ZionEyez... Matthew, I don't want a 'shitty' product, nor do I want a fantastic product a year too late. I backed this to be an early adopter, and support an innovative product. At this rate, there is no innovation, just another 'me too product' that was beaten to the market. It's like saying "hey we decided we're goin to improv the battery and the camera, so wait six more months. Six month later, "Hey thanks for your patience, we decide that we're gonna up the amount of storage on these glasses. We're pushing the release date back six more months" Look, technology moves fast so, in six months there's always glnna be better, faster things out there. They should just focus on releasing what they originally said they were going to release then from there, release a better version of it. The ZEyes 2 or something six months or even a year from now. Why are you people so angry? They said it will take time because they upped the quality. Do you want a shitty product? or do you want the best possible? ya, you can do buy other glasses that take better video, but then you are forced to look like robocop. I'm also interested in answers to Mark Bakalor's questions. Seems strange that you are avoiding answering what *should* be simple questions -- assuming you are not lying on the few details you bothered to release... Past promise of the day, made June 8, 2011 in Update #5 titled "We reached our Goal!". In that update, the ZionEyez Team wrote 7 months ago "Now that we have reached the threshold amount needed to develop this amazing product, please spread the word and tell your friends and family to join the movement. Every pre-order and/or pledge we receive from now until July 31, 2011 will only improve the quality of our product and the speed in which you can receive your very own pair of Eyez™. (<url>#15's attempt to blame high demand for the delays a bit strained. Writing on 1/26/2012, they now say "the volume of pledges that we received on Kickstarter meant that we had to partner with a manufacturer to produce Zeyez, rather than assemble them ourselves.... The simple fact is that working with a top tier manufacturer takes more time and financing ... than originally estimated." So you hit your $55,000 goal around June 8, tell backers that they'll get a better product faster if they get friends and family to also give money, you go on to raise another $288,415, then you tell backers that too many friends and family gave money, so you're going to have to either ship an inferior product or push the ship date back. Sorry, Martine, that is NOT the Steve Jobs way. Jobs wouldn't announce ship dates or even announce products until they were perfect. Steve Jobs never pre-sold products then whined about how raising much more money than he expected made it tough to ship the pre-sold product on time and with good quality. So which statement is true -- more orders make the product arrive faster, or more orders require outsourcing and slow everything down? I've also got a quick suggestion -- you might want to change the promised ship date on your checkout page linked from <url>"The Eyez Product is expected to ship no sooner than December 22, 2011. The Eyez product is expected to ship no later than March 20, 2012. Once the Eyez Product has been shipped, it will arrive at your location between 7-10 business days." Based on your Update 15, it doesn't sound like you have a good faith belief that anything will ship by that date, so continuing to promise an expected ship date "no later than March 20, 2012" might be interpreted by some as fraudulent. You wouldn't want to make misleading promises, so I'm sure you'll quickly fix that date in the terms. Oh, and why are you ignoring Mark Bakalor's questions? I'm understanding of the delays and supportive of the quest to make an awe-inspiring first impression with the product. That is the Steve Jobs way. My two cents relates to the specs of the delayed product: Please enable it to bluetooth stream zeyez to droid/iphone video and time-lapse photo, as well as stream droid/iphone to zeyez music, phone calls, standard app stuff. Please also enable it to take photos when triggered from app on droid/iphone, without needing to touch temple buttons. Please make sure the style is Oakley-killer level. Please make sure the lenses can be replaced by any optometrist with quality lenses such as prescription, transitions, etc. Thanks for pouring your hearts and souls into this project. You can change the world. Winners never quit and quitters never win. Insist on success. Any more delays and ZionEyez will be beat to market by these guys : <url>’t alarming. However, when somebody raises many times their goal amount, stops communicating, then comes back and says “well, I guess we need to outsource these after we raise more money”, that is a red flag. I don’t know what is going on behind the scenes with ZionEyez, but just being on Kickstarter shouldn’t give anybody an automatic pass to miss dates without explanation, communicate poorly or not at all, or raise way more money than they asked for and then say they need more money to go forward. I’m sure plenty of Madoff investors told themselves the same kind of thing, like “some funds just do better than others, so my anomalous returns are legitimate”. All delays are not automatically legitimate just because many projects encounter legitimate delays. So ZionEyez should be evaluated as an independent project, without reference to unrelated projects. There are a lot of red flags with ZionEyez, so asking for more explanation is pretty reasonable. Without getting into securities law too deeply, Kickstarter has to thread a needle to comply. If they are a market for sales of an interest in a company, they risk selling what are functionally unregistered securities. If they are a market for sales of a reward for the success of a company, there is a question about whether a regulator would look to the substance of the transaction and conclude they are selling an unregistered security (or some kind of option where a thing of value, such as a “reward” is given when enough people invest). So not surprisingly, their terms of service never use the term “reward”. It is probably safer to stick with a model where the project backers are selling a product, and that seems to be what they did. So instead of discussing rewards, they say that “Project Creators are nevertheless wholly responsible for fulfilling obligations both implied and stated in any project listing”. Kickstarter also attempts to disclaim any liability for failures of project creators to meet their obligations. Since project creators commit to “fulfilling obligations both implied and stated”, I’m now pretty sure that the FTC’s mail order rule applies (see <url>’m a little surprised that the Wikipedia page for Kickstarter does not yet reference the growing controversy over this project. The terms of use are found at <url>#15? Because they made Update #16 and Update #15 viewable “For backers only”. Don’t want to have all those negative comments too widely available? Updates 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13 and 14 were all public. So why are they limiting public access to these most recent updates? After I post this, I’m going to repost a comment I made to Update #15, because I posted there before I realized that they had limited access to that update. Can anybody explain why this site <url>“in the final stages of prototyping at its San Francisco site and is expected to release as early as this winter….” In update 15, just two months later, they referenced “the lower quality prototypes that we had created from our ‘basement lab’”. So the “final stages of prototyping” was prototyping of a low quality product? Shouldn’t that be the early stages of prototyping? Another issue – they are working with “NGOs” (non-governmental organizations) to “assist blind persons in their daily activities and/or to enable blind persons to see the world through Zeyez [and] serving these goals requires a much longer development timeline than we initially anticipated.” First off, HOW COOL THAT ZIONEYEZ WILL ALLOW THE BLIND TO SEE. But none of the backers put money in for that project. And changing video glasses into artificial sight glasses (a Geordi La Forge visor?) is going to take years, maybe decades. That is a totally different project. Save it for version 2.0 so you can release the version you promised in this decade. From a pride in the USA standpoint, it also sucks that we went from a product that was going to be made in the USA to one that is probably built in China (see the line “the volume of pledges that we received meant that we had to partner with a manufacturer … rather than assemble them ourselves”). As a final note, if they’re using a law firm to try to close a venture funding round, I sure hope that they aren’t spending so much of the Kickstarter money on lawyers that they won’t have anything left to build the product in the event that venture funding falls through. Why I actually expected something similar? This to me sounds like: You will never see anything, and your money is gone... Glad you guys are taking the time! I am fascinated with the connectivity of proprietary device for Smart phones and application interfaces, To take advantage of the breaking technology you wish to implement is a smart move , I recently purchase a Livewiew watch that connects via Blue-tooth to your smart phone from Sony and the buggy technology ruined the potentially great symbiosis of hand held to hands free readiness. Finding smooth ways to connect will be up to companies like you because of your willingness to choose quality over quantity! Thanks Again! Great Research Gary Shuster! That confirms many of my previous inquiries, remaining naysayers are poorly informed. HOW COME THE GLASSES FRAME DESIGN CHANGED? ...IT WENT FROM STYLISH BONDESQUE TO DIME STORE CLARK KENT :( His words are beautiful, but I have a doubt ... When we surrender our glasses?? It looks to me that MANY of the people here have never invested in a start up company. I have invested in several venture ideas over the years. 90% have folded or went up in a puff of smoke. This is the way of grass roots investing folks. Welcome to the market economy! This will not put me off of finding and investing with micro funding. I for one am a long term view type, but I can see that many here are new to this concept. If there is no risk there is no profit, as far as technology investments go. Perhaps, if you are upset at this or my comments you are not ready for this type of investment. Think about it. Zeyez is defiantly a bunch of rookies as far as their communications go. Again this is not why I invest in companies. Perhaps they will learn, perhaps not. Time will tell. Ok so just to clear things up, I'm pretty sure the majority of us are all upset because not because its taking so long, but because of the lack of communication and because of Zeyez missing the targeted date. Yes a lot of us are first time Kickstarter supporters so when someone such as Zeyez say they are going to deliver by a certain date, we all expect that to happen. I notice some Kickstarter projects have taken up to and over a year to fully flourish. I'm just saying, we would have gotten less pissed off people if Zeyez had set a more realistic release date for these things. Just sayin' For all the German-Speaking Backers, I've put up a blogpost on my weblog about this stuff going on here: <url>öchte, ich habe hier einen Blogpost verfasst dazu: <url>"movement" is at a full stop! And I'll not wait much longer. Looked up the trademark filing (details in paste 1 below). Filing date was 2 weeks ago. Granted, a trademark application is not the most expensive thing, but assuming Jesse Saivar is this guy <url>"okay..." then I was like "okay, but that's not really professional" and now I'm like, okay these f#ckers are really a bunch of crooks! seriously, WTF is that??!! This is really turning into a gigantic scam!! 150 bucks up my butt just like that for nothing... we'll never see our money back and we'll never see the glasses... This user's account has been deleted. I want my money back. This is ridiculous. Why? Because I have no pride in this project anymore. When I eventually receive these, who knows when... probably 2014... There will be better products on the market, and the "brand" Zioneyez will be a joke. I am NOT going to want to rock this logo, these will sit on a shelf as a lesson learned. I want my money back. This is *NOT* a good way to do business... at all. I am not happy. Boingboing's commentors were pretty skeptical about this project. Wish I had seen those comments earlier. <url>"here is the status of the project" post? Please note that this is a Wordpress site I just registered and I've never used Wordpress before so consider it to still have the training wheels on it. It will soon be up there running with the big dogs. zionkick.com I registered a blog site today to serve as a repository for information concerning the Zioneyez team. Go to zionkick.com to post information that might be useful in any litigation that may arise out of this......I'm trying to think of the right name but anything I think of has a negative connotation so you think of your own word. Please, no trolls. I don't have much experience with Kickstarter but I backed another project around the same time I decided to back this one. The other project is also taking a lot longer than anticipated but unlike ZIonEyes they have been very communicative. They have sent out many detailed emails with pictures and explanations of why their project is taking so long to get to the manufacturing stage. It has been a fun adventure, learning about all the little issues that go into starting your own business and venturing into the world of mass-production. Unfortunately ZionEyez doesn't have the same flair for communicating and I think it is getting a lot of Backers like myself soured on the experience. If I get my glasses by March and they are everything they are supposed to be I'll be happy and chalk this all up to the fact that some people are just not great communicators. On their website, the glasses are now 199 with shipping on Summer 2012. I'm hoping the kickstarter backers still get theirs within the Winter 2011 deadline. Lack of communication pisses me off, but i'll change my tune fast if they hit the march shipping deadline. Ugh. What a letdown Kickstarter has turned out to be. Is anyone over at Zioneyez listening to us, or are you more focused on testing your vaporizers? Can you say "vaporware"? Hey guys, I emailed Engadget, I honestly doubt I'll get anything out of it, but it wouldn't hurt for you guys to do the same since they did publish the story on ZionEyez and maybe they can do a follow up on it and report on whats going on. If you guys just go to www.engadget.com and click on the "TIP US" link which is in red on the top right corner of the screen, you can send them a message. I mainly went into detail about the lack of updates, and how we've raised over $300,000 and we're being kept in the dark. I think the majority of us aren't complaining about the wait, we're mainly complaining about the lack of communication between Eyez and its backers, all 2,106 of em. I'm thinking about emailing Engadget, the verge, and gizmodo about this. Maybe they could post a story about this.. How can the Kickstarter team let this go on and on whitout doing nothing? Afterall their reputation must be on the line here as I se it? I tried to get my money back wih amazon but "Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date ".... bad luck for honest people and good luck for cheaters !!! Ok, 3 comments in a row so I'm even annoying myself at this point. However, I have a bit of additional information on charge backs. At least for some Visa cardholders through Chase, the time limit to initiate a chargeback is extended when the ship date is in the future. So if the ship date promised was "some time in 2011", there would be a chargeback window for some period after the ship date was missed even if the card was charged many months previously. Your mileage may vary, and probably will. I wouldn't even assume that all cards issued by the same bank follow the "extend time for chargeback when promised ship date is long after charge is made" rule. But if you are concerned about the project but aren't yet so concerned that you want to do a chargeback, it may be worth making a call to your credit card company to see if they have such a policy. If it were me, I would want to make sure that they put a note in my file saying that the date was extended. But it is better than feeling like a 180 day time limit for chargebacks forces your hand. Again, just one person's experience. Don't assume it will hold true for you unless your card issuer tells you it does. Gets better -- Joe Taylor, listed as CTO of Zioneyez, apparently lives in San Francisco (per <url>"available early 2012" (<url>"a really great vaporizer [that] allows you to inhale the active compounds in aromatic plants without combustion. It's much cleaner, tastier, and more pleasurable than smoking." (link: <url>"early 2012". The zioneyez money is already in the bank for them, thanks to the Kickstarter model, but the money from the other jobs likely depends on their getting their work done on time. Since both principals are apparently in California, the use of a Seattle address is just plain puzzling. There is a Washington State LLC named "ZionEyez LLC" (link: <url>"patented" (not just patent pending), but I haven't been able to find any record of an issued patent. Patents can be tough to search for, and Zioneyez might just be a licensee anyhow, but it would be comforting to at least have them provide the patent number so we know they actually hold a patent on it. I don't find much comfort in any of this information. I hope the Zioneyez team sees fit to put some of these questions to rest with an update. @davidelliot I'm not sure how Amazon handles chargebacks after 30 days. Credit card company chargebacks are handled separately from Amazon chargebacks (see for example <url>"mail order rule" (link: <url>"mail or telephone order merchandise rule", the FTC position is that it applies to "most goods a customer orders by mail, telephone, fax, or on the internet." Per the FTC, "The Rule requires that when you advertise merchandise, you must have a reasonable basis for stating or implying that you can ship within a certain time. If you make no shipment statement, you must have a reasonable basis for believing that you can ship within 30 days." If that rule applies, if "after taking the customer's order, you [the merchant] learn that you cannot ship within the time you stated or within 30 days, you must seek the customer's consent to the delayed shipment. If you cannot obtain the customer's consent to the delay -- either because it is not a situation in which you are permitted to treat the customer's silence as consent and the customer has not expressly consented to the delay, or because the customer has expressly refused to consent -- you must, without being asked, promptly refund all the money the customer paid you for the unshipped merchandise." The penalties for violation of the rule as significant, including potential lawsuits by the FTC for an injunction and a penalty of up to $16,000 per violation (presumably up to $16,000 for each customer not notified) plus consumer redress (refunds). The FTC has, in the past, obtained substantial penalties for violation of the rule, including $850,000 against Staples and $900,000 against Iomega (link: <url>"Pledge $150 or more ... You will receive the Eyez..."), I have difficulty seeing how the substance of the transaction would not fall under the mail order rule (even if ZionEyez tries to argue exemption from the rule based somehow on the form of the transaction, such as not being the entity that directly charged the consumers). Typically enforcement agencies will look to the substance of a transaction. I don't rule out that I am overlooking a reason why the rule doesn't apply. It is also, of course, ultimately up to the FTC to determine whether these transactions were subject to the mail order rule, whether the rule was violated, and if violated, what kind of remedies to seek. Since the remedies in this case (if the FTC were to determine that the rule applies and was violated) include, at the high end, penalties that would bankrupt ZionEyez, I would hope that the ZionEyez team sees fit to communicate about shipping delays. Certainly, in their position, I would rate the risk of the mail order rule applying as high enough that I would be sure to comply with it. I am not providing legal advice here, and I'm not taking a position as to whether the mail order rule in fact applies. I simply point out that if I were advising ZionEyez, particularly given the enormous potential penalties, I would be very concerned that the FTC would take the position that the rule applies. If backers would like to as the FTC whether the rule applies and whether it was violated, a complaint may be filed with the FTC at this website (link: <url>"A social media company". Nothing like using buzz words. There is nothing social media about this company -- a social media company would, you know, use social media, and communicate.... What is the URL to their facebook account? If they are deleting messages, they must at least be reading them on faceboook.... I posted this on their Facebook page and thought I'd cross post it here:: Our complaints are not about the delay. Our frustration is in the lack of decent communication. I'd be totally fine if they simply say: "Oh man. We messed up. Please accept my apology for not communicating with you the way we should have. Starting today that will change. Here's what's been going on. Here's where we're at... Here's what happens next... Here are some some pics, video, our game plan... I'll check in with you in 2 weeks with more. If you have any questions please feel free to ask here or to email me at <email>. Take care and thank you so much for your support!" Then all they'd have to do is follow through with what they said they'd do. Do that a few times and the entire tide will turn. We'll love you. We'll go to bat for you. We'll shout to the rooftops how excited and proud we are of this project. I say none of this in jest. It really would be as simple as that. Why they haven't yet done it is beyond me. Let's hope they prove me wrong and start improving immediately. Make me proud, Zioneyez! Seriously. Respectfully, Mark Bakalor i noticed that the "zioneyes team" lasted logged in 01/18/12! Plenty of opportunity to communicate there and it is not taken up. simply ask the question ... Why? post went too soon cont... i don't say fraud lightly but this seems to be a classic case - looking from their point of view $343,415 is a lot of money, why bother with the detail when that makes a for good life without working. be optimistic if you want but i have lived through too many bad actions from others to believe other than this is a fraud - if not why not communicate??? I see the various points made, and many of them may be valid but doing nothing doesn't seem a good option to me. i come from the UK and there are laws governing credit cards in the UK which protect the consumer from fraud 5and i don't say tha° The problem with the web site is that it may or may not apply to the Kickstarter backers. You can pre-order on their web site, and it may be that they are giving us preferential treatment. Of course, without the promised update, we really don't know. @Gary: Do you have any idea how Amazon handles chargebacks after 30 days? I would think that everyone who paid through the Kickstarter project were charged on July 31 - is there any reason to believe otherwise? Maybe we can all set up a date to contact amazon all at the same time? Maybe if we contact Amazon as one big giant group it might make it easier to get our refund? ZionEyez continues to remove any postings to their Facebook page pleading with them for communication. They don' respond to private messages through their website or private Kickstarter contact form and the little communication they do provide proves little to no use. Without them stepping up the communication notch real soon I fear we have no other choice but to reach out to the same tech blogs they've tried marketing to. Show us we don't have to go there, ZionEyez... If you go to zioneyez.com their FAQ says they will ship the summer of 2012! Come summer how many of you want to bet it will say fall? @Eric G - Let us know how your chargeback works out. Maybe this is the kick in the pants that ZionEyes and Kickstarter need to get them to stop ignoring the problem. Most (all?) of the payments via Kickstarter come through Amazon Payments. Amazon Payments complaints are described at <url>"agree to assign my claims against the defrauding party ... so that Amazon Payments can attempt to recover the loss." Even for older transactions, I suspect that if enough people convey to Amazon their opinions or concerns as to what is going on here, the sheer volume of money at issue will get Amazon's attention. Although I don't personally express an opinion as to whether there has been fraud or theft, given the allegations on this board (for example, @velluet's statement that "i think theses guys stold my money"), I suspect that once the concerns are brought to Amazon's attention, they wlll investigate. The Zioneyes people might not act as if their backers are worth communicating with, but since Amazon writes the checks, I bet they would take the time to talk with Amazon. Of course, Amazon's policies about chargebacks shouldn't change credit card chargeback rights, and a failure to initiate a chargeback should not impact the right to sue for fraud in the event that fraud takes place. Hopefully these guys are just bad communicators and nothing worse. i think this is another hanfree project What is the point of messaging you when you don t reply? It seems more likely than not that you have run off with the money! Well I for one have had enough. I would like you to know i have today contacted my credit card company and reversed the payment. You will not scam Me! I recommend that everyone else does the same thing. Contact your Card company and get the payment reversed - quick before 6 months is past8 19 days ago you promised your Kickstarter backers that you would provide detailed updates to us within 2 weeks. That deadline was 5 days ago. This is yet another deadline you have blatantly missed. Your communication with the people that have gotten you to where you are is miserable. You can fix this. You can change the opinions we've been forming about you. All it takes is you to man up and begin right now. Just tell us what's going on. Stop the secrecy. Stop the censorship. Just talk. Even if it's you telling us there's been a delay. Even if you don't think we'll like the news... at least give us the news. Here's where you change things, ZionEyez. Here's where we begin anew. Join me? On a side note, I wonder if Eyez decided to show off this product at CES, I'm kinda hoping they did, maybe raising another $340,000 might help release this product sooner lol.. I logged in today, and on the top right corner I saw that world globe(Recent Activity) highlighted green, I just about did a backflip since I thought finally Eyez had posted an update, when I clicked on it though, it turned out to be an updated for the Elevation Dock which I've been considering supporting, well, glad to see at least they are getting updates haha.. Hello ZionEyez Team! I am very confused. I've checked and rechecked my calendar. I've used a variety of calculators, an abacus, and my fingers and toes. Each time I try I've come up with 15. 15 days since you assured me you'd give me an update within 14. So we're a day late. Okay. Fine. A day late and $150 short. I'm a reasonable man. You're reasonable people. Let's forget about this extra day and just move on with the sweet sweet news you've got for me. bring it on ZionEyez! Come to papa! Two more hours till Saturday here in Korea I don't know about the rest of you but over here in Europe it's friday by now. @Mark -- exactly! Haha! Nice one, Mark! ;-) Hello ZionEyez Team! I am so excited! Today is the day! You said I'd be hearing from you by today with "a more comprehensive update... outlining Eyez development, production, and distribution." You said you'd be providing me with this information "within two weeks" and today is that day - two weeks later! WOO HOO! This I've been waiting so long to hear and now the day is upon us for you to shout it from the rooftop. Can. Hardly. Contain. Myself. So, you see, I am giddy with excitement. I load and reload this page over and over again just waiting for that update. I mean, it's not like you've missed deadlines before. It's not like you've been negligent in providing your backers with information. No siree! I trust you'll make good on your promise like you've been doing since day one. Bring it on ZionEyez! Let me have it! @Garcia85: Most projects do a much better job. I've had a few where the people didn't provide updates without a bit of prodding, and I've had a couple where I felt ignored for a while, but they came through. At least this isn't the hanfree project (yet). @Michael Barnett: True, I ain't hurting for the $150, just a bit bitter at how they are handling things. From now on, I think I"ll just take notes of projects I might be interested in and just wait for others to back up the project and hopefully a year later I can purchase one haha. Well, today is the big day -- we get to find out if Eyez intends to fix the communication problems they are having. We were promised a "comprehensive update" that is "outlining Eyez development, production, and distribution" by today. I am excited to finally get an updated ship date, since they missed the last one they announced, and the details that they have been neglecting to release about whats been going on. "this is the first kick starter project I ever helped put money into and it surely will be the last." Yes, not a great business model IMO. I guess if you suck enough money out of enough people, it's a successful business model, screw the reputation and customer loyalty crap. 150 bucks won't change my life; just another nail. Not only "Zioneyes" and Kickstarter but anyone else who preys on trust. I ain't complaining but man, this is the first kick starter project I ever helped put money into and it surely will be the last. Michael, give them the benefit of the doubt here -- they promised a detailed update before Thursday.... I am a cat's-****-hair away from instigating CC chargeback. It will be interesting to see if they follow through and post an update in the next few days.... @velluet - Let us know what your lawyer says (after they finish laughing). Unless ZionEyes gave you a specific ship date ("Winter Season 2011" isn't specific), you're in the same situation as the rest of us. All you can do is wait and see. Kyle, I share your dreams and also your hopes when it comes to this product. What I do not share is your opinion that ZionEyes has lived up to their motto: "Join the movement..... and be an integral part...". I put some money on this and I really hope I do get a nice pair of shades as a return but ai do not feel as part of a "movement", I feel left out in the dark. I do not feel as an "integral part", more like I've given ZionEyez a micro loan. Maybe that's what it is and just how I should think about it. It's not "a movement", I'm not "an integral part". I'm there because the bank wasn't. Well, at least they have committed to a nongeneric update with actual details -- and they gave us a timeline for that, at least. They should have a substantive update in the next 6 days or so -- assuming by 'next couple of weeks' they didn't mean 3 months after that -- like people believe they meant by 'Winter 2011'.... Kyle Williams, are you serious right now? In total we have gave up well over $300,000 of our hard earned cash, a lot of us don't mind the wait, I don't mind the wait, what bothers us is the lack of updated and whatever updates we do get just seem do generic. I understand puttin out a product isn't as smooth as some of us would think buy like I said, they should keep us in the loop so we know hats going on. Hello All, I for one, can be patient. I know these types of ventures take time to develop and get just right, so I can wait for the glasses that are going to be "superseding my expectations". I saw the sample videos and it looks promising, You might want to do some noise canceling on the microphone and perhaps the tester was just a depressed individual but it seems all of the video was facing low towards the ground. Maybe some angling adjustment is necessary as well so video comes out level while your watching where you walk. Just a development thought.. Looking forward to seeing your final product soon. Regards, Michael HI! When will i receive the fucking classes wich i paid for ??? I'm tired of waiting and i think thèses guys stoled my money . So give my sud 150 back or send the classes. If not, i will ask my lawer's help ! *COPIED FROM PROJECT HOME PAGE* ZionEyez has carefully assessed all of the possible options for getting the Eyez™ glasses to the market as quickly as possible. It has drawn an enormous amount of attention from some of the worlds biggest technology companies. We've discussed possible partnerships and other options with these companies, but we have decided to grow organically. Eyez™ glasses are a grassroots project. By keeping it that way, we can maintain the quality and style that our customers deserve, while keeping the cost affordable. We have a motto at ZionEyez; it is “Join the Movement.” When you pledge towards this project you are becoming an integral part of the next revolution in personal video recording technology. We greatly appreciate all of your support! Welcome to the movement. *COPIED FROM PROJECT HOME PAGE* ie you paid $150 for something that if they followed another strategy would have cost way more. They don't owe us updates and based on everyone's negative attitudes if it was me I wouldn't bother dealing with all of you ungrateful people who think they deserve anything. I would as they have done, gone on developing the glasses knowing that the final design will speak for itself later on. What we got by backing this project is the knowledge that we helped keep the costs down for ourselves and people in the future. So everyone sit back, relax, and let these guys do what they promised, make some revolutionary glasses! pakman3000 -- I'm concerned about that as well -- but at this point it is looking like Eyez ran off with our money and has no intention to deliver *anything*. Maybe it's just me, but is anyone else concerned about the status of the iOS/Android app for streaming from the glasses to your phone? I know we should take baby steps in getting at least some relevant news about the hardware, but I was just as intrigued about this feature when I decided to back this project. Gamers just pumped about a billion into the Call of Duty franchise and we're still waiting on the Elite app from Activision. Sorry ZionEyez if I've opened a new front for complaints. @Supporter -- if a similar product reaches market before this one, and the updates issue is not resolved, I will personally be trying to do a charge back. I paid for updates and a cutting edge product... My worry is that by the time these come out, something better will be on the market at a lower price. There are already similar products out there. I don't quite understand what the difficulty is here. Christian, if you think they should have shipped by the end of 2011, then I think you should try to get your money back now. I'm curious to see if you can make it happen, since your bank may have a challenge to get your money back. Tamim, Perhaps that is just a prototype frame they mocked up to hold the pieces. Without communication from the Eyez crew, it's hard to know what is going on. Please change the frame back to the old style! I won't be as enthusiastic to wear these glasses with this new frame. Has anyone else looked at the Engadget article? They entirely changed the frame of these glasses! They look like trash now. Here is the private message I sent this morning. I suggest anyone interested in getting answers also send them a similar message and try to goad them into an actual response with new information, and answers to these questions. ==== Thanks for finally giving an update. Could you please now address some of the concerns raised by me, and by others on the comments threads? Specifically, could you update the shipping timeline, since you have clearly missed the shipping timeline you gave 2 months ago? Could you also provide new information regarding the status of the project, and not just links to an old engaget story? Finally, what steps are you going to take to remedy the lack of communication between you and your backers? Thanks, I would add that I am not extremely pleased with the lack of progress nor the attention to updates, but at least I do have a great bank and regardless of the time since backing I can get a reversal... Charge back the money I spent.... How long should I wait...huhm? I agree with Mark, for I too am disappointed in this whole project as both an electro-mechanical engineer and designer who knows about electronics and manufacturing I can speak with authority and say that this may well be a failure and/or scam. It does not take a week to create a p.c.b. let aloke the design of the internals was is available everywhere anyone into electronics knows this. As for the plastic again you dont need 6-months to inject abs into a simple mold, fact is the hype about the previous iflip camera sorta proves that the money we as backers put into this was spent poorly due to none fulfillment of the winter 2011 delivery. As an engineer when I present a projeft I will deliver on time if not sooner... additionally to insure this I will create all components including p.c.b. even prior to taking pre-orders. Failure here is especially in reading news articles/press releases about the project instead of getting correspondance directly from the company about updates.... this shows that the guys dont care or have enough respect for customers-! Unlike everyone else who talks of winter 2011 extending into spring 2012.... It is 2011 winter soon it will be early winter 2012 not 2011... There is never any excuse for failure in business. When delivery takes place it will not stop the fact that it will be in 2012... WThis project brings to mind a ponzy scheme where u pay and wait while deals are made in the back rooms maybe they're waiting for the next group of investors to put more money in after spending the $300K? 300 comments and finally another update. Still I can't wait for these glasses I'm just excited to get them... a friend got some glasses with cameras in that are terrible and ugly for xmas. These are gonna be awesome! I have a big face, will you make bigger sizes? I second that, Jan. They made an update, true -- but with no new information, and no attempt to address any of the concerns. What is required is a schedule. While I believe that you are acting in good faith, there is a perception, and thus likely a reality, of lack of transparency. Being a successful entrepreneur myself, I am keenly aware of the types of trials and tribulations which startups go through; however, in this case you are dealing with being accountable and needing to manage N perspectives where N is a very large number. In such a situation, transparency is key and will net you the largest number if perceptual wins amidst a large investment community. Anything else will only be greeted with the doubts and attacks of a suppositional nature as you see below. As someone whom donated at or near the top of the request scale, a milestone plan with hard dates would be most welcome and a running commentary on the challenges as they occur would go a long way to maintaining credibility of a kickstarter project which had an initial cap of $55k and is now at $300k with, apparently, no clear plan to execute. Especially telling is that last-but-one update was still winter 2011 and this one is all hype and no reset expectations. So, how do you respond? My hope is rapidly, transparently, and with plans/committments. Jan Drake, ZionEyez Contributor, Entrepreneur, and CrowdFunding Aficionado I don't mind waiting for this, but please, keep us in the loop, give us an update. If it wasn't for that Engadget article I stumbled upon, I would have thought all this to be a scam. Just another reminder that all but three of the updated where in June, so you can get a feel of where the motivation have been, development over public relations Wrote to the Kickstarter team yesterday and got the standard reply about the creator being responsible for fulfilling the promises of their project. It's pretty clear they don't want to get involved, very frustrating. I encourage all backers to email them. :-) Oh yeah, I have full confidence that we will receive the Zion eyes, as for the lack of updates...I get the feeling that the people in charge are more per-occupied in developing the device versus spending time reassuring all the hopeful backers of their progress, to the ZionEyez team, Keep up the good work! I bet we get a new years update Is this a scam? Max, I sent them yet another PM asking exactly that. I suggest everyone else that wants an update to follow suit. What strikes me most is that since I am aware of the last login date (today) by the project holder... the situation gets kind of weird. Because even if we can't expect an update (= importance like a press release) for every issue discussed in the comments you would at least expect the project holder to try to calm things in the comments?! At least I would do that... in their position. Mike: I don't see a single update about them heading to China. Is that speculation on where the money is going, or based on something? Max, I agree with you about update rules. Out of the 50 or so funded projects I've backed, this one is one of the worst for not doing updates. There have been a few others that needed a kick to get them talking, but most got the hint within month or two. @Mike: sorry but you surely meant "ZionEyez is blocked" :-) Kickstarter we love and cherish! Apparently, part of the money included a lengthy vacation to China to find ways to make it much cheaper. Maybe Kickstarter is blocked by China, preventing them from posting updates. PS; Just saw that kickstarter provides the last login... ZionEyez Team Last Login 12/28/11 So I guess there goes my holiday assessment. The issue is not WInter 2011 for me. It's the updates... because providing them to Engagdet seams to be possible ... ? I think kickstarter should incorporate some rules about updates and implement a more transparent system for people to urge/pressure a project to respond and file complaints. But I guess once the money is transferred even kickstarter has little power to force anything. Don't get me wrong as I am talking in general for the plattform as it's the first time I encounter a project that doesn't seam thankful for it's funding? But maybe it all clears up after the holidays... shouldn't forget their are people actually making holidays... instead of writing comments like me. PS: And by the way at least my opinion I not utter by a mere 12 year old ;-) I just messaged them again -- on top of the one I sent on 12/20. I have no real hope for a response to this message, either. I encourage everyone wanting an update to send a message to ZionEyes Team, and consider sending one to kickstarter itself as well. Lee, what web site are you looking at where "many" backers were complaining about wanting their glasses right after funding ended? I went back and reread all of the comments from around that time, and I found only one person who said anything close to that. All of the complaints have been about the lack of updates and the vagueness of the ship date.(And, BTW, people have been debating what the meaning of Winter 2011 is since well before the project funded.) How about all the backers of this project send at least 1 mail a day to the Kickstarter team asking for some feedback? :-) I for one have backed up my last Kickstarter project for the time beeing. As with everyone else - the simple solution is to get an update and some commitment on more frequent updates. More information - even if it is "we are having some problems and so are running behind schedule" would be better than nothing. Everyone understood what we were doing by backing this start up and the risks involved, but it is better to know than be kept in the dark. I agree that updates would be nice, especially since they are STILL taking pre-orders on their website which I assume would be refunded if this product never launched. This makes the backers who thought they were actually getting a deal on a product wonder what the benefit, if any, was for them to back the project vs. wait for the launch with a pre-order in hand. One of the reasons I can see that they may have been slow or reluctant on posting updates is because 1) Many backers were already complaining about wanting their glasses right after the funding phase ended, even though that was clearly too soon given the stated ship estimate, and 2) perhaps they want to put forth every effort in making the timeline before stating that they have missed it. Either way, I think that the time has passed for these concerns to outweigh the concerns of NOT posting updates. Especially when other media sources are getting interviews/updated test video... Even though it was good to see the glasses in use and their quality, it would be better to get the update here first. By all means, these updates wouldn't need to be so detailed that they would be giving away trade secrets, if they did that I might not even understand the updates at all, just something. By the way, the ship date on the pre-orders now states Summer 2012. Hope that wasn't and UPDATE to anyone here. Robin, Actually, you may need to look at a calendar and check when 2011 ends, and then take a look at what kickstarter is. You are *not* buying a product, you are helping *launch* a product -- and may, or may not be entitled to a reward, based on pledge level, and success of the project. You are, however, supposed to be kept in the loop and have an idea what is going on, and see what your money is buying. This includes status updates. If you check the kickstarter guidelines: Who is responsible for making sure project creators deliver what they promise? Every creator is responsible for fulfilling the promises of their project. Because projects are usually funded by the friends, fans, and communities around its creator, there are powerful social forces that keep creators accountable. Creators are also encouraged to post regular updates about the progress of their project post-funding — communication goes a long way. As a backer, how will project creators get my info (mailing address, T-shirt size, etc.) to deliver rewards? Project creators will send you an email survey to request any info they need to deliver you and your fellow backers’ rewards, such as your mailing address or other details. Surveys are sent only after a project has been successfully funded. Some creators send surveys immediately, others wait until they’re ready to deliver rewards. If you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your Kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a notification at the top of the site for any missed surveys. As you can see, it is a reasonable expectation to get updates. David, Kickstarter said they wont get involved yet. Really takes my trust out of Kickstarter, if they won't even request an update for us. Winter... TECHNICALLY starts on the Winter Solstice, which was apparently December 22nd this year. However when people hear "Winter 2011" they would commonly agree that that means by the end of 2011... MOST companies, when referring to the Winter season would refer to it as the Winter 2011-2012 Season, suggesting sometime before the Spring Equinox in March. There is a difference between common sense and common understanding, and the more monetarily involved people are in this project, the more they're going to want answers. I think the general consensus right now is just wanting SOME sort of update to the potential ship time of the product. I personally got involved in this project to grab a pair of ZionEyez for myself, and one for my brother as a xmas present in lieu of a GoPro. That means I'm $300 in, which during the holidays, is cash I'd like to have. I wasn't too upset about my pair... but not being able to give my brother his meant giving in and grabbing him a GoPro on the 23rd from BestBuy. Sure I understand project delays and such, and knew there was always a risk of not getting these by xmas. That's why I went ahead and bought the GoPro. However, unless the Eyez are being suped up a bit to match the specs of the GoPro Hero 2... I now have no reason to give my brother the pair I bought him when these eventually ship. He won't ever use them due to the lower quality, not to mention months of habitual use of the GoPro. Like I said though, I was always aware of possible delays, and the likeliness I wouldn't get these in time for Xmas. It was a risk, I took it, that's on me. BUT as expressed above... the common UNDERSTANDING to "Winter 2011" would be "end of 2011" And I'd like to know directly from the team that we were wrong. As far as I'm aware, the Team never came on this comment thread to say "no that means Winter 2011-2012, we'll ship by march". Yet they obviously have access to this forum and can see all the concern and confusion. It would take 5 minutes to come on and post and update clarifying shipment dates... and THAT is why people are upset. Personally I'd prefer if the team were taking some of the extra $288,415 they raised and put it towards design upgrades... specifically in image quality and frame sturdiness and design... That would be fine with me. I'd rather wait longer for a better product, but I'd like to KNOW that's what I'm waiting for. One update... before the end of the year, preferably... would appease most of us. What´s the average age of the backers in this project? All I see here are whining 12 year old spoiled kids. From the start ZionEyes stated "will ship during the Winter 2011 season" If you don´t know what is the meaning of the words DURING and SEASON I suggest you should pay more attention at school. Sure updates about the project would be nice but you paid for glasses not a subscription of a diary of the making of of.... ZionEyes haven´t slipped their shipping date (yet) so all cries about foul play are premature. This user's account has been deleted. ozymandius, I'm not any happier about this than you are. I agree that if they meant "late March 2012", they should have said that, but they played a word game. Supposedly, they clarified this on their web site at one point and then changed it back. I've talked to several people at random about this, and they are about 50/50 - half think that "Winter Season 2011" can mean as late as the official start of Spring 2012. I think that if anyone talked to a lawyer about this, the lawyer would say that the term is vague enough to cover a later date. I'm curious - how did Kickstarter respond? Are they pushing ZionEyes to resolve this, or are they continuing to say that we need to put pressure on ZionEyes? Max, it can still turn around -- just have an update, apologize for the lack of updates, explain why the original ship date was missed, and then keep us updated. 2016= 2106 backers :-) I agree ozymandias. It feels like being used without any appreciation if your not doing the product for your 2016 to start with... for whom are you doing it? Posting updates to engadget but not here sends a mixed and weired message to us backers.... as it's like a new fundraiser/attention/PR round avoiding the demands (clear communication, attention) of the last investors/fund rais. But still optimistc that it will turn around ... David, I have talked with Kickstarter regarding this. I am not quite sure how you could classify March 2012 as 2011 *anything*. Winter 2011 ends when 2011 ends. If they meant first quarter 2012, or spring 2012, they should have said something to that effect. If they ran into production problems, and the estimated delivery date changed, they should have updated it. In fact, they should have made an official statement on what they meant, and not left it up to speculation, anyway. Max -- I accept the risk of the project failing, I understood that going in. I did expect, however, that we would at least be getting regular updates on the project, and be able to see what is going right, and what is going wrong. The Trebuchette project is an excellent example of what I expected -- they missed proposed deadlines, however they were very great about status updates, and letting us know what was going on. There was no mystery about what was going on -- and I don't think that that is unreasonable to expect for this kind of funding. ozymandias, if you read earlier comments, you will find that ZionEyes meant "the Winter Season starting in 2011", which doesn't end until March 20, 2012. They haven't missed their shipping date at all - it's still almost 3 months away. The real problem is that Kickstarter let them get away with it. If you want to help fix things, contact Kickstarter and tell them how you feel. crowed funded = crowd funding * sorry german trying to speak english :-) I can't tell so I wont suggest being ripped off. I still consider this just a bad sense for the nature of crowed funded. The main different to some VC is that they are used to a certain failure rate and they invest into projects on a regular basis... turning to crowed based funding also needs the according adjustment in ones mindset. Your dealing with a bunch of people that go turned on by your enthusiasm and vision. It gets personal and so I appreciate projects that take this into consideration like TWINE or the 3D PRINTER. You feel their gratitude and humbleness towards our community. I hope this makes sense... Looking forward to a better communication and a great project. James Bond Glasses! :-) It's beginning to look more and more like someone took advantage of us, and Kickstarter. I really wish Kickstarter would get involved, and ask them to post an update, but they told me they would not get involved. It's a shame. I have backed many projects -- but when $150 of my backing runs off with no updates and a missed shipping date, it makes me hesitant to back more. Seems like nothing is stopping people from making fake projects, taking the money, and running off. At least post an update, so we know what is going on, and why you are not shipping when you said you would -- and have not run off. Dear Santa, all we wish for is an official update...! as the last one is clearly outdated ... with new year just around the corner. Regards Max stop funding for now! Like everyone else here, I would like to at least get an update. I have previously had made a payment/transaction online in July 2011, but still have not received the product. I’ve also haven’t received any details regarding the postage, and would like to know more details regarding the deliver and my postage situation. Please find the payment details below regarding the transaction: When will we receive the glasses? Please send an update or if the project is not proving to be successful please send refund.g Also, I just watched the engaget video, and all I can say is "proprietary USB connector" -- EW! Use micro USB -- that's what it is for. Anker -- I did just that, just now. I sent a quick note in to Kickstarter asking them to prod the project for updates. Since we have not had an update in several months -- which means the product is still due out this year, anyone know how to get kickstarter involved in tracking down the owner of this project? Maybe it's time for the Kickstarter team to look at this project? Afterall it wouldn't be good for business if we were ripped of by ZionEyes and the word got out to the large community of backers. Who would want to back up projects then? Certainly not me. Hi Backers, I guess that just like me, 2105 other backers are asking themselves, What is happening with this project?? The answer: Nobody knows. I think that mr Joe Taylor of Zioneyez never expected this succes, and was completely overwhelmed with the amount of funded money that came suddenly to his disposal. (he might even have other plans for other projects, and now there is money for it). Although that he had or hadn´t any serious plans of commercializing these glasses, we also will never know. I think that he seriously underestimated the amount of work and money that this project takes. So without any concrete plans, a lot of money, no communication skills and a numerous of angry backers,.... he decided to knock the door of engadged, with a very early prototype, with only one purpose, trying to save the most of his incompetent project and upcoming carreer. He realises also that no communication at all would be completely lethal. But I hope that zioneyes understands that we all want to be informed of the latest developments and we will not be pleased with unsufficient communication or no communication at all. <url>"Winter 2011"... more the 2011 part to mean I would get these in time to give for Christmas. I opted for these instead of a goPro for my brother for xmas... and now I have to scrounge up money to get him something else pakman3000, the "dead horse" I was referring to was the issue of what "Winter Season 2011" means. People have been saying for several months now that the reason ZionEyes used the term was because it was vague and could mean a date as late as March 2012. I do wish they would give us more updates, but I doubt that they even look at this forum anymore. I'm assuming that people haven't tried talking to Kickstarter about this, because the times I've contacted them, we've gotten an update here from ZionEyes. As a backer outside the United State, it is harder for us to receive items. The reason that I chose this type of recording glasses is that this type is LOOKS LIKE a normal glasses compared to many different types of glasses that are easily distinguish. But I did not anticipate that Eyez Team postponed so much. I am still interested in it. I used to hold the opinion that this project is fake, but after I saw the prototype video on Youtube, I have confidence on this project again. But I hope that the team will update more frequently just as other projects do. I will still wait until they pass this on my hand or Kickstarter website return all funds to all backers, which everyone does not want to do. Because every hint of an update is a spasm. Keep floggin' fellas! Is this horse not dead yet? Why are we still beating it? This user's account has been deleted. The pinholes are rather obvious in a lot of the alternate glasses shown, to include some of Pivots. I hope ZionEyez can make it blend better. Keep designing team Here is an similar product: <url>"Hey we're working on this, it's coming soon, we haven't forgotten about you," most of these posts wouldn't be here. We wouldn't be analyzing what "winter" means, (I originally was thinking Christmas or so) we'd be thinking, "Oh well, nothing good comes easy. but at least I'm being kept in the loop." It's just damage control. Good Golly Fletcher! I'm just a backer... I have nothing else to do with this project! I was just voicing my educated guess as to when we'll REALLY see a product. I don't speak for anyone in the ZionEyez team. I understand Fletcher's sentiment though... when Seth Quest's project, the Hanfree, failed and did not deliver refunds to backers, I decided then and there that I would never again support another kickstarter project. Oh well, might as well ride this Eyez project through and hope for the best! Wait a minute, Fletcher. You quoted Christian, but you attributed it to ZionEyes and used it to suggest a breach of contract on their part. Also, many people seem to think that the terms "winter 2011" and "winter season 2011" have solid definitions when they really don't. A reasonable definition is "the winter season beginning in 2011", which would be December 22, 2011-March 20, 2012, and that's what they are promising now. As for the $100 glasses - they are not the same. Compare the specs. Pretty much, the world is killing my "Good Samaritan nature, as if I have $150 to throw to the wind. I could probably handle this if there were some updates, but ZionEyez obviously breached contract by saying, "I think it is evident that a winter 2011 ship time won't be possible for this project". Since July I have seen these same glasses on the net for about $100, this being one example: <url>"pretty clear" about the date. Even "Winter 2011" does not promise a ship date. If they had wanted to do that, they would have said something like "by the end of 2011". They were purposely vague so that the ship date could be as late as the day before the first day of Spring 2012 and still not be a problem. As for refunds, I've never looked into what it would take to get a refund for something like this. I doubt that your credit card company can do anything about it, since it's past the usual time limit for a credit card dispute. @Gary... In the original project home FAQ they stated "When will I receive my Eyez™? Your Eyez glasses will ship during the Winter 2011 season. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment. Last updated: Saturday Jun 4, 7:10pm EDT " So they didn´t slip the dates (yet) Does anyone know how to go about getting a refund? I've lost faith due to the lack of updates, poor communication, and slipping completion dates. Can we just dispute the charge with our credit card company or is there a way to request a refund on here? Updates 9 and 12 promised "Winter 2011" (and not "winter season 2011"), so that was pretty clear in promising a ship date in 2011. If you buy that the word "season" in "Winter Season 2011" means that it includes Jan - March 2012, then the estimate slipped in update 13 from "Winter 2011" to "Winter season 2011". Production delays are understandable, but failing to engage in any meaningful communication about them with people who gave more than a third of a million dollars is not understandable. As much as I would like to receive these, the FAQ was pretty clear to me: When will I receive my Eyez™? Your Eyez glasses will ship during the Winter 2011 season. The ZionEyez distribution team will keep you notified of all updates on your shipment. Last updated: Saturday Jun 4, 7:10pm EDT The key word here is season in Winter 2011 season. The 2011 winter season starts December 22, 2011 and lasts until March 20, 2012. Now I do wish that any updates from team is done from the Updates function so that all backers are notified and not hidden among the comments. I do agree that its frustrating that this project has the lack of updates, but here`s hoping to some updates before March 22, 2012 :( ZionEyez: November 17: "As clearly stated on our Kickstarter campaign and zioneyez.com. Eyez are slated to ship Winter, 2011." Current web site: "The Eyez Product is expected to ship no sooner than December 22, 2011. The Eyez product is expected to ship no later than March 20, 2012. " 2011 is not the same as 2012. How about an honest explanation of why the ship date keeps slipping? At this point I can't tell if this is a legitimate delay or a total scam. Of particular concern is that as of 12/4/11 they don't know whether they're shipping in a little over two weeks or in three and a half months. A legitimate operation would know if they are a couple of weeks out from shipping. Hopefully they're just failing to update their web site or otherwise communicating poorly. It is a bad sign that when I check this project page I always wonder whether it would be better to sue or report to law enforcement (or both). At least the web site now gives a firm shipping deadline, so I can defer considering legal options until March 21, 2012. I assume they will be shipping in the order that orders were placed, so early backers should know by January 2 whether they're actually shipping. I wonder how many backers of this project now feel sufficiently burned by the delays, uncertainty and suspicion about this Kickstarter project that they're holding off on backing anything else new. A little honest communication will go a long way. "The Eyez Product is expected to ship no sooner than December 22, 2011. The Eyez product is expected to ship no later than March 20, 2012. Once the Eyez Product has been shipped, it will arrive at your location between 7-10 business days." <url>"Updates" tab so that everyone is notified when you make an update. Your team clearly know how to use the Update feature (since there are 13 updates), so the only conclusion I can logically draw is that you are purposely burying your updates in the Comments section. Stop. I've backed numerous projects on kickstarter and have waited as long as 5 months to get a product that wasn't nearly as complicated to produce. I'm gonna give them the benefit of the doubt and hang on tight... No conspiracy theorists here... Just making an educated guess, a logical inference, if you may. All that has happened, has happened before, and will happen again. Just let's say based on a lot of past experience I've had with people who over-promise and then constantly stall for time before disappearing with a large sum of money, I have a strong feeling that Kickstarter is looking at what might be it's first scam since its inception. :) Can't believe I paid extra for international shipping too... haha Has anyone checked out the Pivot recording glasses? I wonder how these compare to the Eyez. Correction, I'm aware of the video they posted back in July, just which we'd get more updates, pictures, etc. etc. I dont mind waiting for this product to be pushed out but the lack of updates is disappointing. We have yet to see any kind of prototype of this thing except for those pictures. In all honesty though I haven't been keeping up with this which is probably a good thing. It's almost as if I've forgotten about it but every now and then I'll remember that I dropped 150 bucks on something I dont have yet. Its just crazy that the ZionEyes Team originally wanted $55,000 for this project and ended up getting nearly $350,000 and yet progress seems to be going really slow. But then again I dont know whats going on behind the curtains so hopefully they release it soon and we're all not disappointed with the final product. As supporters, do we get a legacy discount on future models? I think that's up to interpretation. If you're really picky, "Winter 2011" at this point means between December 22, 2011 and December 31, 2011, but I think that they have been vague enough that by any reasonable standard they could get away with any time within the next 6 months. And personally, I'd be OK with that. You make some great points about the production and defects. I also agree that they need to be more transparent with us. To me, that's one of the main goals of Kickstarter. Backers want to feel like they are a part of the process, albeit a small one. This just feels like a pre-order with a pre-pay requirement. "Winter Season 2011" means during 2011, so they'll have missed the promised delivery date if they deliver in 2012. If they meant "Winter 2011-2012" they would have said it. I don't know if there is something improper going on or not, but I would point out that the original funding goal of $55,000 implied a first production run of around 400 units. Raising $343,415 requires a production run of around 2,300 units. I can see that having an impact on how fast they can get to production. It certainly means they have to be a lot more careful about quality control, since a 5% defect/warranty return rate on 400 units means dealing with 20 returns. The same 5% rate on 2,300 units means dealing with 115 returns. Given that, I'd be pretty happy with delivery within the next 2 months (during Winter 2011). They should still be a little more transparent with their backers though. Even publishing a tentative schedule of benchmarks on the way to production would go a long way toward turning back a lot of growing unease among the backers. To borrow a phrase from Master Po (Kung Fu, 1972): "Patience, Grasshopper!" I'm not so sure you can get your money back. I believe that you have 60 days to dispute the charge with your credit card company. The 60 days starts on the date of your statement that contains the charge. Since the project was funded on July 31, most of us will have it on the statement that we got in August. Some people may have gotten the charge on a statement received in September, but even that timeframe is running out. The thing is, we haven't been told to expect delivery until "Winter 2011", so the project won't be late until March 21, 2012, and even then it's questionable whether you would be due a refund. Personally, I don't want a refund and I don't mind waiting for the product. I would like to hear more about the project as it is happening, since I think it's a fun idea. Realistically, if you are dissatisfied with the way the project has been handled, your best bet is to contact Kickstarter. This is their business, and if you want project managers to be held accountable, you need to work with Kickstarter. how to get money back? Not necessarily good news. Joe Taylor's Linkdin Profile shows Zioneyez and Firefly as his developments, Looking over those two slick web sites, I am beginning to fear the worst. The PR release to the Seattle Times is soothing generalities, with no progress details. The San Francisco development contact is Joe Taylor. The FireFly web page shows that their innovative vaporizer is expected Summer of 2011 <url>– Present (7 months) Zioneyez is a new start-up venture to design & bring to market next-generation camera-glasses that are capable of streaming HD video to the web via a wireless connection to a smartphone. www.zioneyez.com <url>– Present (1 year 10 months) Cloud9 is a new product development company focused on the development of the Firefly portable electronic vaporizer. www.thefirefly.com Lead Mechanical Engineer Astro Privately Held; 11-50 employees; Computer Games industry August 2010 – April 2011 (9 months) Design Engineer MOTO Development Group Privately Held; 11-50 employees; Consumer Electronics industry January 2007 – May 2010 (3 years 5 months) Application Engineer, Global Petroleum Group Caterpillar Inc. Public Company; 10,001+ employees; CAT; Machinery industry August 2005 – September 2006 (1 year 2 months) In this group we developed custom Caterpillar Diesel Powerplants for applications on oil and natural gas rigs. Joe Taylor's Education Purdue University Bachelor of Science, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering 2000 – 2005 Joe Taylor's Additional Information Websites: Company Website Company Website Contact Joe for: career opportunitiesconsulting offersnew venturesjob inquiriesexpertise requestsbusiness dealsreference requestsgetting back in touch View Joe Taylor’s full profile to... See who you and Joe Taylor know in common Get introduced to Joe Taylor Contact Joe Taylor directly View Full Profile Not the Joe Taylor you were looking for? View more » Good news...just found a current article published about this project. Hopefully this will alleviate the escalating conspiracy theories surrounding this sought after product. Take a look: <url>"winter, 2011" exactly??????? Before I think that Zioneyes is a FRAUD, Plz give us any update ZionEyez team, Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist and Joe Taylor, has gathered all their belongings from their mothers' basement they shot their introductory video in and left the country. I'm sure... I've backed a few projects on Kickstarter, and have always, ALWAYS gotten updates through the official Update channels, no matter how insignificant the update, or even if it's just a "sorry folks, production delays, give us 2 more weeks" sort of 'insubstantial' update. And I even get an email notification on that too. Woot. This is the ONLY project I haven't been updated on even after 4 months. Trust me, people, ZionEyez is long gone. They're kicking it back in Miami right now. I payed my hard earned cash to fund a promising project. I have received no substantial updates except for vague comments. I patiently wait and check the comments section to see other backers just as pissed as I am. I am the 99% Occupy ZionEyez I would like to join the call for updates on the Updates page. I have contributed to other KickStarter technical projects that are not yet delivered. But they UPDATE us. If you have to be careful, then be careful...but update. Some of your comments below might even be good enough. We like to think of ourselves as more than consumers. We "Joined the Movement". We backed your product pitch. Give us some respect. If you are silent and then there are delays, we get upset. If you give us updates, and there are delays, we are understanding. If you use us properly, you have an army of backers that can help you. Don't squander your assets. If you are still on schedule, an update that reaffirms that would do you a world of good. Just a thought for my fellow backers... The "update" function will be used by ZionEyez when there is a substantial update, and I would imagine there will be something to report soon, but updating us via the "updates" to tell us that there is an upcoming update doesn't help anyone, either. I wouldn't lose hope in this project just yet, the fact that it is overfunded is actually a very good sign for us backers since it is in their interest to make even more money by delivering on their promises and bringing the product to market. Also if they are shooting for a winter 2011 release I would be a little more patient before freaking out as we're still in fall 2011. It is my experience that in the end no one will remember how long it took but everyone will remember how excellent the final product is. Keep working on it, ZionEyez ! Perhaps the official Updates page is a form of accountability from project owners to backers. If ZionEyez was planning to skip town with $343,000, posting actual updates in the official Updates section would hold him legally accountable to Kickstarter and his backers. However, posting vague replies in the Comments section to placate backers from time to time would mean he skirts the issue of not posting updates at all, while not having to fulfill his obligations since officially, there have been NO UPDATES. Just my 2 cents' worth... I'm already mentally prepared to write off this little 'investment' and unless any of you other backers know where ZionEyez lives, you might want to do the same. Brent Burroff, Evan Lindquist and Joe Taylor: Your claims to exceed our expectations may be based on the fact that our expectation are plummeting as you delay updates and post smoke and mirror comments. Keep in mind you have over $340,000 from the Backers and at a minimum we should at least get some basic specs from this thing. From there, we'll let you know how it compares to our expectations. Good luck with the "potential partnerships with companies and individuals that could have a revolutionary impact on your device", I'd like to hope so. Your "excuse" about undisclosed delays being caused by a need to keep "our patented technology and manufacturing methods ... safeguarded from potential competitors" is plainly untrue. The basic characteristic of the patent system is that patents are public, made available to every member of the public. So either you are lying about holding patents for your technology (or maybe you are exaggerating and your technology is not patented, but only patent pending with unpublished patent applications), you don't understanding how the patent system works, or you are confusing trade secrets with patents. No matter which of these are true, those of us who gave you money deserve an explanation for the delay that makes sense. As a side note, I checked the USPTO site and didn't find any assignment of any patent or patent application to "zioneyes", so if you do hold a patent or application, it doesn't appear to have been properly assigned to the company, at least under the name "zioneyes". Just saying. when forwarding the glasses? By all means, could you please use the Updates mechanism rather than Comments? All backers will then receive notice by email rather than having to troll this page every now nd then to find out if anything is going on. Also, could you give us a bit more visibility in where you are in your process rather than just we are on track for Winter? Do you hVe you first samples? Are you happy with them? When are you expecting to receive full production? Etc... Be somewhat imaginative here and give us details I have previously had made a payment/transaction online in July 2011, but still have not received the product. I’ve also haven’t received any details regarding the postage, and would like to know more details regarding the deliver and my postage situation. Please find the payment details below regarding the transaction: OK, so we "Joined the Movement". Has the movement stopped? Anybody home? (Reads comment below) So...,any progress? For those of us that do not stop by this Comments section and check to see if the team has left a quick reply for someone else, we have the sense that there has been no communication for the last 2 months or so. To alleviate some of the "any progress" or "what's going on?" comments you may want to just do a Backer-only update so that we all get the email of the update instead of leaving short replies here. Just an idea. so any progress?! I also believe in ZionEyez! You guys rock!! Can't wait to get my pair! I'm looking forward to the end product, my friend has rayband glasses that look like these and I'd be really shocked if they can deliver all these features in this form factor. I still believe ZionEyez Team. No rush. Thank your the update of the upcoming update. I and probably others were beginning to wonder if this was vaporware Looks like november / december we should expect something When are we receiving the glasses. Thanks! Guys, any news? I'm sure everyone would like to be updated. Joe Taylor, can you produce a new video with the latest updates? (not recorded in the parents basement this time but just showing how far the devellopments are for the moment) I think that 2105 other backers deserve this. PS. is the survey on its way? Has anybody heard from Zion after the Update #12? Anybody got their survey? @Russ or maybe additional special lenses "Kyle Williams Does that mean I get my $15 back? Or do we punish those who can read?" As a fellow (punished) person capable of reading, I would prefer a voucher that allows me to purchase another set of glasses at the "special pledge price" @Kyle +1. Does that mean I get my $15 back? Or do we punish those who can read? I also need to pay the overseas shipment and apparently I am not the only one. So ZionEyez could you please give us an update on this? :-) I don't know which is worst; no one took the time to read the T&C and the updates properly or that Kickstarter/ZionEyez Team didn't explain it thoroughly to the donors. Firstly, payment is pledge + shipping (if you are outside the US; like me) which makes it either $160 or $165 if you want to glasses alone. Secondly, there isn't even a prototype yet, as far as I know of. And ZionEyez team said on July 29 that the product is scheduled to ship Winter 2011 which makes it either between end of this year or beginning of 2012. @Michael The product is supposed to ship between 22 Dec 11 and 20 Mar 12, so it'll be awhile. Worth the wait though. I don't want to get into any trouble with my bank, so I need a confirmation from Zioneyez or Kickstarter on how long I (we) have to wait before You start shipping the product. I've noticed that Asi*Kickstarter.com already made a transaction of $165 from my account this tuesday (2011-08-02), but I haven't got any mail about the transaction (or shipment). Normally the product ships on the day of the transaction, and the goal of funding was reached weeks ago. Apple's longtime camera sensor supplier for iOS devices, Omnivision Technologies, has announced a new 8-megapixel sensor which claims to be 20 percent slimmer than any other 8-megapixel module in commercial use today. "With our new OmniBSI-2 architecture, we have further miniaturized our pixels while delivering a 20 percent improvement in peak quantum efficiency in all color channels, a 35 percent improvement in low-light sensitivity and a 45 percent increase in full-well capacity in an extremely compact and power efficient package," said Per Rosdahl, senior product manager at OmniVision. "This 1.1-micron OmniBSI-2 pixel enables the next generation of miniaturization in mobile cameras, and is key to the high-resolution smartphone camera roadmap." The new camera module should pave the way to thinner smartphone designs which has always been a priority for Apple. Apple has used Omnivision's technology in the past and presently uses it in the iPhone 4. Omnivision has also been heavily rumored to be one of two suppliers for an 8-megapixel camera sensor in the iPhone 5. Based on the press release, however, this particular sensor may not be ready in time for the iPhone 5's release which is expected in October. Sampling of this new part begins in August with mass production expected in the first quarter of 2012. For reference this new part has a build height of 4.7mm. The current iPhone 4 5MP back-side camera has been measured to be 6.5mm. how can i add the $15 shipping for oversea order now?? I have the same problem as JackassXG. "I live outside US, and I bought one pair, but Amazon says the maximum authorized money transfer is $150. How can I pay the shipment fee?" Is there an option to pause the recording if i dont like things and words to be aired live (pin numbers some phone calls) I think otherwise it is a big delay if i have stopped the recording and restart it again ( i think i need to go trough setup the connection again if i start it again) I live outside US, and I bought one pair, but Amazon says the maximum authorized money transfer is $150. How can I pay the shipment fee? If it starts shipping on December I'll won't be at my house cause I'm going overseas. Is there an option to be shipped earlier or later? Im guessing it will be at least 2 months before they begin shipping this thing. Im expecting an update so we all know where they are at.. Well done guys ! How long till they start getting shipped out? Thanks, for the response. I'm aware that this version won't have those functions. Just giving my two-cents about the potential of such a device for this purpose. Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. I'll be happy just to get ahold these puppies, but I'd love to do a timelapse of a whole day. Do you think a device like this could conserve power and take a frame every 30 seconds over 6-8 hours? With 30 second intervals a 8 hour period gets compressed down to 16 minutes. Hi Guys. Congrats on the amazing response. What will the turn around time be for manufacturer and delivery of our ZionEyez, I can't wait to start using them. I'm a little frustrated with Kickstarter selection policy as my project wasn't allowed. :( See www.brakeboard.com. Did you have any trouble getting approved? can we see a few pictures of models wearing the glasses? I have heard a saying, "Sometimes the best thing a toaster should do is toast bread well." Let the focus be on making ZionEyez the best wearable digital video camera it can be. I've heard some very good uses for ZionEyez in the comments, but am a little concerned about getting "featuritis". Rather than features like still shots, perhaps some motion compensation, or handling different lighting situations better (not that it doesn't already), or just tweaking the recording to maximize the video quality in as many settings as possible. Perhaps add some settings or capabilities to the glasses, but have them controlled via iPhone/Android/PC application; that is, keep the glasses as simple as possible for the wearer to operate, moving any complication to a "remote control application". The most the wearer should have to worry about is start, stop, mark video, subject to default settings or settings set remotely before donning the glasses. Keep it simple, and do what you want (record video) the best you can! I was impressed with the sample video posted recently, considering the level of miniaturization. Can't wait till we get our glasses! Zion what are the benefits when using ZionEyes BT3.0 connection with a BT3.0 enabled smartphone such as Samsung Galaxy S2? Does ZionEyes have flashable firmware and would it be possible to extend the features of the glasses via updated? also... Is it possible to implement time-stamped saves that use less minutes from the past, the standard mentioned was 5 minutes, how about 1 or 2 minutes, it just sound excessive and would force a lot of us to do video-editing (very few people do decisions ~4-5 minutes later something happens). It would be best to keep 5 min as default but let us to choose a shorter period somehow. Maybe edit an INI file in the glasses folder? This is awesome! It throws the doors wide open to two of my favorite things: James Bond and Candid Camera! - Daniel (<url>"Be on the look out for anyone wearing these million mass produced sunglasses that MIGHT be one of the hundreds that have a camera in them." Point taken regarding promotional branding, promoting social media. That's all good and ideal in a perfect world. The fact remains, however, that people get fidgety around cameras and one of the main benefits of a "hidden camera" is natural social interaction. The LAST thing your company should want to see, is a bunch of ZionEyez videos hitting the web that include: "dammit jimmy, put that camera away" "take those off or i'm gonna break them" "hey, are those the hidden camera glasses I saw on the news? take them off please" "excuse me sir, but our patrons are concerned about the glasses you're wearing" "{friends holding hands in front of their faces} TAKE THOSE OFF!" ... you get the idea. Simply hold up your mobile phone in public or at a friend's party instigates the same, reactionary, camera-shy response that ZionEyez wants to avoid. I'll wait. I think the USB plug might be a give away too. Depending on where it's located and how visible it is. My shaggy hair might cover some of that. Any plans or does anyone know where to get a discrete plug to cover that. Depending on the type of port used I'd also be concerned about salt or moisture from sweat corroding the contacts on the micro usb port. Or at least make the logo on the sides black Amazing project. Kudos! I shall probably hold off a purchase until more styles become available -- I'm partial to rectangular styles of glasses myself. I also agree with the general census for 'de-branding' since I'm not so keen about being asked to remove my glasses. All it takes is one FOX News report telling people to "be on the look out for this logo/symbol". Once word gets out people are going to recognize that ZionEyez logo RIGHT AWAY. Please consider an option offering to buyers to DELETE the logo/badging. Thanks! Will the camera have a liquid lens? I ask because I will be using mine to record flights in a shaky airplane and a lot of vibration will cause a liquid lens to ripple and distort the video. This would also be a concern for recording video while biking, snowboarding, driving, or anything else that isn't walking, sitting, or riding an elevator. Nice, the project is going to reach the top 5 most funded! Here is a link, to a bike mounted 130 degree wide-angle lens video camera. Just to give you an idea of the video we hopefully will enjoy... <url>"extra-wide 130-degree field of vision", "half-inch fisheye-like lens" * "low-power one-gigahertz processor compresses the video" * "2.4 gigahertz Wi-Fi" - eh, no 5 Ghz N? * "footage streams to Facebook, YouTube or the Eyez homepage" - so there's footage sharing site, this could be the SpyTube of the Internetz! Check our excellent coverage of ZionEyez here: <url>"m glad to back this project. I've spoken with the CEO and he seems very passionate, motivated, sensible and honest. I think this product is cutting edge, and can occupy product space abandoned by Oakley when they got taken over by the Italian eyewear giant. The only competitors I'm aware of have products that are either flimsy, kludgey or non-socially integrated. I think Eyez will lead. Two questions for the team: - Will Eyez fit in a standard eyeglass case when folded? - Will Eyez be able to record while in the folded position? Is the ZionEyez manufactured in China? Zion, I'd rather wait for the Winter 2011 instead rushing the product. It is best to ensure impeccable final design and best manufacturers (and their open window) rather than compromise with build quality. I have experiences in manufacturing and I can know first-hand what happens if a product is rushed. Showed EyeZ at my workplace! Result: order went from 1 EyeZ to 3 EyeZ! Congrats, Zion, you broke the 100k barrier! It would be great if they go on with the manufacturing now so by end of July we can all start getting our plaintiff-welcoming glasses! As this has now reached it's goal, can you provide an update as to when you expect to have the product ready for delivery? Paul, I highly doubt that. Zion said the whole thing weights ~200g, I expect it would add noticable weight on the face. Any chance of a more sporty model? Would be cool to wear them on a run! Story picked up at Gizmodo: <url>| They would be awesome for some sweet hands free (head tracked bike recording) . :D Can the LED be seen while wearing the glasses? So excited about this.....I can't wait! I am really hoping that the recording indicator isn't visible to people walking past. My primary intent for these is to use them when playing pickup football and other sports with my buddies. Are they going to be suitable for fast motion running, jumping etc? This was just posted on Engadget. Doesnt seem as easy to use and only 480p <url>"rec" indication does it give off? I've got a big head. So it would be really good to know if the fancy gadget i just pledged to buy will fit my big melon. When I try sun glasses on some will not make it all the way on. Will these be one size fits "most"? If so how wide will they be? Have you done any testing with the actual output of the camera chip? It would be really nice to have both the technical specs of the recording (frame rate, resolution, bitrate, video and audio codec) as well as video samples recorded under different lighting and moving conditions. I've only signed up with $1 but will be happy to sign up for a pair or two if the audio visual quality is OK. What is the width or size of the frame? Such as DBL and A size (DBL = Distance between lenses or bridge and A size = horizontal length of a lens)? How long are the temples/legs and can they be adjusted? Guys this is fracking amazing! ...*normal-looking* tech/recording glasses. I've been waiting for this for a long time. The 3 hour battery limit will be a minor annoyance, but that will likely improve with product iterations. Monies pledged and I really hope this becomes a reality. How's the battery life? What bit rate will these things record in ? Trying to work out how many mins recording time we have to play with I'm thinking these will help with video stability as well!! Can't wait... Does this record audio too? This Thing Is Going To Be Very Cool .. Cant Wait !