Due to popular demand: Now accepting PayPal pledges! Why not give Full Bore a try, and find out for yourself? This demo is a first-chapter preview with hours of gameplay. Feel free to spread the demo around and send us your feedback! System Requirements: Windows XP, Vista or 7, Linux+Wine1.4+, Possibly OSX+Wine, ~1.8GHz Core 2 or equivalent, DirectX 9c compatible 3D card (Intel Graphics and older Mobile Graphics chips may not run the game at full speed) Problems with the demo? Check out the Demo FAQ. Got the demo before 12/30? Here's what's in the latest version. Click to learn more Full Bore is an exploration/puzzle PC game set in a beautiful, convoluted, underground network. Windows and Linux versions will be available for the retail release- thank you backers! Full Bore draws inspiration from Metroid and Mr. Driller : players rely on curiosity and logic to pry apart the blocky game world, uncovering the wonders and follies of bygone days. Full Bore combines 2D pixel art with modern lighting techniques to achieve a look that is firmly set in the future-past. Original glitch/blues soundtrack puts you in the mood to explore and solve. Full Bore rewards curiosity and thought. The player is free to explore a large open world, where they can find secret treasures and uncover mysteries by solving puzzles built into the environment. The game world is made of many different block types, and each type has its own unique behavior. Some blocks are simple and can be pushed or dug out, while others are complex machines that move on their own. Interaction between different blocks creates new and different barriers and bridges for the player, with each new block building on the challenges of the previous blocks. As the player explores, they encounter and master new blocks, which in turn allows the player to open new paths. This means that the ability to explore is based primarily on what the player has learned about the world, and not a sequence of arbitrary goals. Click for More Screenshots! Whole Hog Games is a team of three developers from Northern California who went to the same high school, went their separate ways, and then subsequently reunited to create video games! Our programmer is Casey Carlin, a Computer Science and Computer Engineering graduate who mastered his craft at ARC System Works, (legendary creators of Guilty Gear and BlazBlue) where he worked on games such as Hard Corps: Uprising and Nurarihyon no Mago: Hyakki Ryouran Taisen. Our Artist, Finn Beazlie, is an Illustration graduate who combines his love of cartoons with his love of video games to give our project its whimsical style. Our game designer is Jake Federico, a Mechanical Engineering graduate and longtime devotee of competitive gaming who combines his trade and hobby to create interesting, interlocked and fun game systems. Without some kind of external funding we will not be able to invest the kind of time necessary to create a really great game. Kickstarter gives us a way to get the funding we need with the best kind of strings attached- the expectations of the people who want to play Full Bore. Kickstarter will let us connect with people who are enthusiastic about our game, and our vision, and the feedback from this community will be invaluable in shaping Full Bore into an exceptional finished product. Funding Goal Breakdown: Max Kickstarter Costs and Overhead: $1,200 Max Fulfillment Costs: $1,300 Two Full-Time Developers Working to Finish by March, 2013: $10,000 Total: $12,500 Stretch Goals are detailed below! We have already completed approximately a third of the game content. This is primarily the first act of the game, where the general story, mechanics and characters of the game are presented to the player. During this segment, the player is introduced to the protagonist, Frederick, and finds out how the little boar gets tangled up in Full Bore Mining Company's financial downturn. In terms of mechanics, there are over ten unique block behaviors implemented, many of which have multiple art styles. We have completed the artwork for two environments. The first environment is a friendly introduction area composed of dirt, rock, and ramshackle mines. After this we introduce a mine shaft called Deep Delve that was recently overrun by a lava flow. At the very bottom of the Delve Frederick may find some things better left untouched... Because the first section of the game is functionally complete and polished, we can say with confidence that the framework for the game is finished to our satisfaction. As part of this process the engine programming and content creation tools have also been brought up to final quality. What this means for backers is that we are already able to quickly build and test new blocks, puzzles, and finished areas. Faster content creation means we are able to budget much more time for fan-feedback and polish and ultimately make you a better game. Along with the game content, we have an original Glitchin’ Blues soundtrack composed by Miguel Acuña and The Adjective Plural Noun. All 8 tracks of the current soundtrack are featured in the demo, but you can listen to one of the tracks below and two more are available at our website. The music has been instrumental in setting the mood of Full Bore and inspiring us to make a game worthy of the soundtrack. The last two-thirds of the game have been planned, but not completed. We have started concept work on these areas and are excited about implementing new block types, environments and characters. The Wider World: Frolic in golden fields of flowers, worm your way through the warrens of the moles, and square off against runaway mining equipment. Temple: Varaha, the mysterious second foreman of Full Bore Mining Co. has been on an extended investigation of the ancient ruins past The Big Door. These ruins contain a ominous blend of old stones, new technology and perilous traps. Mechanical Castle: Deep in the industrial bowels of a ruined civilization, an evil festers and long-dead machines have awoken to serve its dark purpose. More Music: Along with new areas, we want to get more music in the game to support Full Bore’s detailed world. A portion of each pledge that includes a soundtrack will go toward putting more music in the game. Soundtrack: Full Bore showcases an extensive original glitch/blues soundtrack- the demo alone has 35 minutes of original music! The Kickstarter-Exclusive soundtrack will, at a minimum, include the following: Creation Tools: You will be granted exclusive access to our 'Beta' distribution program, which includes a frequently updated version of Full Bore with a built-in level editor. You will be able play new content as it's made and use the editor to experiment with the block types currently in the game, as well as experimental blocks which aren't seen in the demo. Additionally, you will be granted access to developer forums where you can interact with us directly and share your creations with other backers. Print: A signed, high quality 11x17 inch Kickstarter backer exclusive limited-edition print. The print image will be decided by the backers after successful funding. T-shirt: The T-shirt will be like the print- a limited run Kickstarter backer exclusive. We hope you will wear it proudly. Architect, Digital Immortality and Golden Boar Editions: We will work with you directly to meld your content idea in to the Full Bore universe. We will be open to just about any idea, so long as it is awesome for the players. Stretch Goals If we get over-funded, we plan on putting that funding back to work for you. Linux Support: Full Bore was started as a Windows PC game, and though we were careful to make it easy to port, there is still a substantial amount of work involved in getting it running well on Linux Mac Support: With a Linux port done, most of the work for a Mac port will be finished as well. However, none of us own any Mac computers! Any funding we get over the Linux stretch goal will go towards buying Mac hardware and software. Expansion Pack: If we see significant overfunding, we will use that to make more content. This pack, tentatively titled "You Mad, Boar?" will feature a new area focused on increasingly devious puzzle solving. Naturally, the expansion will be distributed for free to all backers. And More: We have ideas for further development, but we need your help to get there! Hey Digging Boar Fans, <url>’ve started packing these up for shipping and will get them in the mail this week. Regarding the game, we have actually been making quite a bit of progress! Full Bore has received a host of technical updates that allow it to run more smoothly on more computers, as well as deliver some neat new effects. Casey recently finished an OpenGL render path that will be used in the promised Linux port. The majority of the puzzles of the Temple area are done, as well as the puzzles of an as-of-yet unannounced area of the game. The Temple area in particular will feel very different from what was shown in our Kickstarter demo, both in terms of appearance and gameplay. We also have a few new abilities for Frederick that will not only keep the game interesting longer, but will also help make the first chapter of the game feel new for people who have already played through the demo. What's Next We have few of things planned for April: We will be taking down the Full Bore demo soon as it is getting very dated compared to what we plan on delivering as the final game. Creative Edition backers will get an early release of the Temple area in a couple of weeks. We will release a new trailer once we put some polish on our latest bit of work. Depending on what we decide to put in this trailer, this could take a few weeks. Our next major game task is the Mechanical Castle - it represents one of the last two major pieces of gameplay that we have left on our plates and we’re planning on having a lot of fun with it. Now the big question that I am sure everyone has on their mind is... When is Full Bore coming out? Based on our prior experience with deadlines and some other things like preparing for a Steam Greenlight campaign, we are not willing to commit to a revised ETA right now, but realistically we have to finish the game within a couple of months. Keeping an aggressive schedule will be hard work, but we’re dedicated to the task. We hope you are all looking forward to our next update! The Whole Hog team has been assembled in the same place today, so we're live-streaming our development to the world! If watching live-streams is the sort of thing you are in to, watch us work at <url>– Second Playable Character For Everybody This new female playable character would swap places with Frederick in the main story. She's just the average everyday sow to Frederick's boar, and has the same average everyday boar-abilities. Like being able to break rocks with her face . We don't have a final design for this character yet, but we'll post an update about her if we meet this Digstarter goal. 9999 Gems is still a secret to everybody Keep up the good work everyone. Get the demo in to the hands of everyone you know and that gem count will soar! Play the Full Boar Demo by using Wine Thanks to the efforts of Full Bore backer Daemoneye , Full Bore's Demo is now able to run using Wine ! Do note that this is not how we plan on doing ports if our stretch goals are reached. We believe strongly in native ports and absolutely want to get Full Bore running native on Mac an Linux. We will maintain this dedicated page with updated instructions and troubleshooting help, but here is something to get you started: Full Bore Demo V4 has been confirmed to run on Wine 1.4+ , may work on Wine 1.3 but will not work on earlier versions. This also means Full Bore's Demo may run on Intel Macs (maybe with Wineskin ?), but we have no way of testing this. If you try running it this way, please let us know at fullbore@wholehog-games.com. Installation: Before running the installer, you will need to install the necessary libraries. We strongly recommend that you use Winetricks to do this. Using Winetricks: Select a wine prefix (i.e. default) Select “Install a Windows DLL or Component” Install these packages: d3dx9 , d3dx9_43 , vcrun2010 Without Winetricks: Like on Windows, you will need to install the following somehow: June 2010 DirectX redistributable And, if it is not installed by the Full Bore installer automatically, the Visual Studio 2010 Runtimes Afterwards, just Run FullBoreSetupV4.exe and play Full Bore! If Full Bore doesn't appear to start, try running from the terminal and send me a copy of the output. (On a default wine configuration, Full Bore should be in ~/.wine/drive_c/Program Files/Whole Hog Games/Full Bore/) Important Compatibility Notes: Under Wine, switching from full screen to windowed mode or changing the V-Sync setting will cause Full Bore to crash. The root cause for this crash has thus far eluded us, but if you would like to help out feel free to email us at fullbore@wholehog-games.com. Performance seems to be on par with windows, but users with 3D-accelerated desktops may experience some slowdown and are advised to disable desktop 3D acceleration if possible. A work around for these issues is to use the following command line switches (these will also work on Windows): -w : start in windowed mode -v [ on | off ] : -v on to turn on vsync, -v off to turn it off -f : makes Full Bore use 1280x720 as its full screen resolution rather than the desktop resolution. Today we are proud to share the story of the amazing people behind the music for Full Bore - The Adjective Plural Noun . These guys deserve the spotlight just as much as we do, as Full Bore simply would not be the same without their contribution. In recognition of that fact, we've decided that a sizable chunk of every pledge that includes a Soundtrack download will be going directly to our esteemed musicians so that they can make us even more incredible music! Those of you pledging $20 or more, give yourselves a pat on the back - you're now supporting twice as many artists! But first, the good news! The Digstarter has already passed the 4500 gem mark and that means that incidental character names will now be pulled randomly from the list of Backers. Congratulations everyone! Because of this unexpected wellspring of digging boar enthusiasts , we may well have to think up one final Digstarter goal by the end of the weekend... Linux Support via Wine First, let us stress that we absolutely want to do a native Linux port , but thanks to the help of one of our Linux-user backers, Full Bore looks like it is very close to running on Linux via Wine! Our programmer Casey is currently working overtime to fix some tricky compatibility issues, but it looks like Full Bore can and will be able to run on Wine- though possibly in a reduced capacity. We hope to have a final word on Linux+Wine compatibility in a day or two. Stay tuned! New Music We're proud to share with you a fantastic new track that is not featured in the demo. The new song, La Cueva Oscura , takes you through the grinding gears of Full Bore's final area, the Mechanical Castle. <url>ña is a second grade teacher living in Cloverdale, CA. He is the main guitarist, producer, and composer for The Adjective Plural Noun , as well as a guitarist and vocalist for First Take Rosa . Matthew Schulman is a musician and student living in San Francisco, CA. He currently plays in First Take Rosa with Miguel and Jeffrey and just started another as yet unnamed band with his former roommate. Jeff is a bassist and freelance musician based in Sebastopol, CA. Years ago he took lessons with Gio Benedetti of Toast Machine . The lessons were brief and the potential was not realized until he came to First Take Rosa . Their Story The Adjective Plural Noun is the musical component of Full Bore. It is primarily the brainchild of producer/composer Miguel Acuña, with the indispensable support of Jeffrey Morrison and Matthew Schulman. Much like the Whole Hog Games crew, the guys from TAPN have known each other since high school, but didn't start making music together until they were in their twenties, as the band First Take Rosa . This began as the duo of Miguel and Matt – both in transitional periods of their lives and rediscovering their affinity for playing music together – and would be joined a few months later by Jeff. Although Miguel had originally intended to complete the soundtrack as a solo project, with Jeffrey still living nearby it became evident that his bass skills would be a valuable asset to the project. After a successful session recording Jeff's part for the first song Go Full Bore , Miguel and Jeff agreed that they should continue to work on the project together. “Jeff's playing throughout the soundtrack is excellent,” says Matthew, “and tracks like Dynamite Cave-In and Bedrock really showcase his songwriting capabilities.” When Miguel moved to San Francisco for the Summer of 2012, he was reunited with his erstwhile bandmate Matthew, who got involved in the project in much the same way that Jeff did. “Matt and I have been very close friends for years,” says Miguel. “Even when I was terrible at guitar, there was nobody I liked playing with as much as Matt. We communicate well musically. We started First Take Rosa together. It seemed like a natural choice to have him on as part of the project, so when I moved to the city I invited him over and we recorded The First Dig into Hard Earth .” <url>“This version of Pro Tools is so basic, it's forced me to learn a lot about production in a fairly short amount of time,” remarks Miguel. “The biggest lesson is, do as much as possible to dial in the perfect sound before recording, because chances are you won't be able to fix it later.” On the subject of composition, Jeff had this to say: "Most of my style was influenced by Flea (Michael Balzary) of Red Hot Chili Peppers fame. What I do is simple. I proactively practice all of my scales and modes up and down, in any key that sounds nice at the time. I get my hands comfortable with playing by intuition. Once my hands are linked to my brain...I sing along with my inner voice and translate that into the motor movements required to make the music I hear in my head." One of Matthew's most notable contributions is the lead guitar track for the song titled Varaha , after the character and Hindu deity of the same name. “For this song,” says Matt, “I relied heavily on modes, unusual scales formed by revolving a scale around a degree other than its first degree. However, while modes are most often formed from basic major or minor scales, in writing Varaha , I mapped out all of the modes for a particular Southern Indian raga. From these modes I figured out what patterns I could use where and just messed around until I found something that sounded cool. For the chorus, I pretty much ignore the scale altogether but for some reason it still works.” <url>"V3" demo, hidden mysteries will now be properly disappear from the map when collected (this applies to mysteries already found.) Starting today, we are challenging our Backers and the general public to try to find as many gems as possible! Find enough before funding ends and we will shower our backers with fantastic rewards . So get out there, send the demo link to your friends, send in tips to your favorite websites, and most importantly, start finding gems. Also, starting today, keep an eye out for Digstarter billboards scattered around the levels. These get updated roughly every 15 minutes so you can check out how everyone is progressing. How do I participate? If you have not played the game recently, be sure to download the latest demo , then hit ESC, and check that the Send Feedback option is set to Yes , so that we can see how many gems you have found. If you have had this disabled before, don't worry, your previous progress will still be sent in. What are the Rewards? There are currently three goals to reach, but blow through all of these fast enough and we will think of something more. As of the time of this writing, the gem count was already 3229. Each player has the potential to find 80 gems , so these goals aren't that far off. 3800 Gem Reward If this goal is reached, backers will be able to stand out in screenshots with dazzling "Kickstarter Green" eyes... ...and be able to demolish nearby blocks with the power of generosity! (Screenshot is a mock-up.) 4500 Gem Reward Live forever as a minor character in Full Bore! Names used in lore text will be chosen randomly from the pool of participating backers when you start the game and will be different for each player. 5400 Gem Reward This huge hall will be a monument to everyone who has backed Full Bore. It will be filled with rows and rows of... tubular... monuments... and special boxes... With at least 250 players to honor, this room has the potential to be the biggest area in the game and will be a huge undertaking, but if everyone can come together and get the gem count up to 5400 we will make it and it will be awesome! Thanks for reading, thanks for playing, and don't forget to tell everyone you know: The Full Bore Digstarter has begun! The Full Bore demo has been updated due to popular demand! This update has no new content, just feature requests from our backers and other players. Download the new demo today! Simply install this demo over the old one and start playing. New Features and Changes Key Config: The keyboard controls for Full Bore are now fully configurable and come with two defaults: WASD movement and Arrow key movement. Bug Fixes: If Full Bore was crashing on start-up, now it shouldn't! If it still does, let me know and Casey will fix it while hanging his head in an appropriate display of shame. V-Sync Option: V-Sync can now be disabled in game, which might improve performance for people running Full Bore on older systems. Language Select Option: Full Bore has a partial Japanese translation that is enabled automatically on Japanese Windows installs, but now you can use it (or stop using it) at will. Feedback Upload Option: If you have changed your mind about sending us your gameplay information after running the game for the first time, now you can change your mind. This will be important for... reasons... to be revealed later. Lastly, we've put up a FAQ to answer some of the questions we have gotten about the demo. If you have any issues, check there first. Hi everybody! Finn here, Whole Hog Games' chief of arting, and I have a couple visually oriented tidbits for you before the holiday. Firstly, The enthusiasm from our backers has been phenomenal! Every time our funding chart tries to flatten out into the mid-project plateau, more people come along and pledge their support for us. Thank you all so much. Secondly, I would like to reveal Varaha, the mysterious second foreman of the Full Bore Mining Co., Who has been away studying the ruins beyond The Big Door. Years of hanging around ancient and unstable technology have changed him into something somewhat... different... from the boar that he was when he went in. Frederick must enlist his help to unravel the puzzles of the vast underground temple that he has been studying. His name comes from one of the avatars of Vishnu in Hindu mythology: <url>"What operating system do you want your digital copy of Full Bore to run on _most_" Backers will be able to download any PC port we make from our website. Sorry to make you worry! We just wanted to see who wanted what. Full Bore will get a Mac port, we just can't promise that we will have it ready with the Windows/Linux versions. Once Full Bore gets a retail release we will definitely have the resources to make a native Mac port, it's just a matter of time. -Casey Working on Hyakki Ryouran Taisen was really fun- that whole team at ARC System Works was yokai-crazy for the whole year XD -Casey Yeah, we've been sitting around the computer watching the seconds tick down. So awesome! -Finn That last room is the test/dev room, Dean's shack. The door is always locked unless you have the level editor/Creative Edition. But we, er... left it in the room count by mistake. Another thing for us to fix for the post-Kickstarter demo :D -Casey Thanks! That is a bug, both in that falling there should force a recall, and in that you should not be able to get there in the first place. We'll have that fixed in the post-Kickstarter demo. -Casey We want to keep demo progress where practical. What gets carried over is going to vary depending on what changes we make to the structure of the game in the next couple of months. Rest assured, we'll try our best to make sure you do not need to replay parts of the game that have not changed. Hang on to those save files! That sounds amazing. -Finn Miguel recorded them in WAV, so they already exist in that format. I think some of the tracks on my laptop are the original wavs. -Finn We'll absolutely put the early and final soundtracks up for download in FLAC! Thanks for letting us know that's something you want. -Casey Miles, I'm really sorry you ran in to those odd bugs on your play through. I assure you that the game is not supposed to have nearly that much black in it. At the part that you got stuck on, Hamm is telling you to open your map with the backslash key and won't let you progress until you do. Thank you so much for backing the game in spite of all those problems. Would you mind DMing me your system and OS specs so I can help figure out what went wrong for you and update our Win FAQ page? You've barely scratched the surface of the demo and I want to make sure you can play the rest. Also, until we can do a native Linux port, I want to make sure getting the demo running with Wine is as painless as possible for everyone who tries. Thanks, -Casey We plan on supporting xbox controllers for release. We may also support generic controllers depending on time. -Jake You guys are getting gems so fast! We are coming up with more rewards now... we have some really cool ideas expect to see an update about them soon. I am glad you are having fun with the demo and thanks for backing! Feel free to email me any feedback or concerns you have. Anything criticism good or bad is helpful! jake@wholehog-games.com And we appreciate it. Feel free to message or email us with any feedback on the demo you may have. -Finn Thanks! Check out our previous updates, they have some more info on our development process. And tell your friends! -Finn On the other hand, a mock-manual themed artbook would make a pretty cool pre-order bonus-type deal. Naturally, we'd give anything like that to backers too. -Casey I think we would like to refine the way in which the game teaches the player and introduces block types better, and try and make the game as self-contained as possible. I think the devblog is a much more explicit way to talk about design process, and its a more public-facing medium than a manual. -Finn A manual isn't something we have really thought about. I would love to do one, and certainly we could put some neat stuff in there. It comes down to time, if we have time we'll pull something together. We are planning on running a development blog for the remainder of the time we spend working on Full Bore. Maybe that will help fill the gap? -Jake Thanks! We had to throw out a lot of ideas to get where we are today. -Finn Oh, blast, I forgot the -Casey. I'm awful at this commenting thing. -Casey Glad you found us Filiecs! Feel free to DM us on Kickstarter or Twitter if that suits you better. We're always up for meeting any of our backers, you only have to go in for the Golden Boar Edition if you want us to buy you lunch ;) Thanks, I'm glad you like the game! Jake will be happy that someone appreciates his work. Jake and I are bronies, but Casey hasn't come around to the greatness that is ponies. Send us an email through our website, and I'm sure we can meet up. We're not terribly interesting people, though, we just really like games. -Finn Actually I think you've found everything! In the demo the only stuff you should be able to reach are 80+10 collectibles and one secret code room. I don't see anyone that has all of the gems in our feedback logs, but you might be the first person to clear the Kickstarter demo. You're the first that we've heard from at least :D The question marks not going away when you find one of the green pearls is a bug. Sorry about that! It is on our list of things that will be fixed for our next update. The screen not scrolling any lower in the "Dig Site" area is intentional. It helps to hide one of the secrets in that area... form the looks of it you have already found the entrance to the "Worm Rock" level. Thanks for all the feed back. It is really nice to hear from people who are exploring the game. -Jake Thanks so much for your feedback, controls and save slots are on the to do list! -Finn Would you mind telling us why you'd like multiple save slots? Currently the save files are stored in your Documents folder so different user accounts on the same machine have their own saves. You're not the first person to ask us for multiple save slots- and I don't mind implementing such a system since the demand is there- but I like to understand why our users want what they want :D -Casey Those are things we've been going back and fourth about internally. When you say you don't like the wasd controls for movement, would you prefer to have the option for using the arrow keys for movement instead? We are all used to the FPS-style mouse and keyboard movement here,where wasd is the standard, so it seemed natural to use it. We've also discussed the save scheme - we'll have to renew the debate! -Finn Thanks for taking the time to play the demo! This is by far the biggest spread of hardware the game has been run on to date. Getting the game running fast on a broad selection of PCs is an ongoing project for us, and we have an optimization roadmap drafted up to get us there. However, the game will always need a marginally powerful graphics card because we rely on lighting so much. Honestly though, one of our hopes with Kickstarter is that we get funded enough to invest in a collection of refurbished low- and mid-range PCs so that we aren't "flying blind" with these optimizations. To address your specific problem, I have found that on slower machines that you can force-disable vsync in your graphics card's advanced settings and the game will be less prone to slowdowns at the cost of some "tearing" in the image occasionally. If the game is still running slow for you let me know. I can try to reshuffle my schedule to get some optimizations in to an updated demo. Excited to see the pig - keep up the great work gents! I'm glad to hear that things are going well and I like the new trailer. For myself, "Summer" is specific enough :-). Any update on a delivery timeframe? March is almost over; do you have an ETA for delivery? works for me, i'm just happy to be playing when it went over the mark :D over the 9999 mark, does it still count? "What operating system do you want your digital copy of Full Bore to run on? Windows / Linux / Mac" Well, although I prefer Linux the only one of those I trust to actually work is Windows, so I'll have to go with that. Do I really have to choose? :( So will Full bore be available on mac? I supported it hoping I would be able able to play!? WOOT WOOT YOU MADE IT!!! Congratulations guys. Great job done by all and pledges well deserved! Read you worked on Nurarihyon no Mago: Hyakki Ryouran Taisen. I love Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan :D Glad I funded somebody who in some way or form helped something related to something I liked. That was a long way to go to find a connection... Grats on the successful funding! Grats guys on a success funding! 4k above your goal is awesome :) aaaand... Time up! I never knew that KS actually counted down the last couple of minutes second by second without having to refresh the page. Addendum: I did find the secret code room that required the use of my mobile phone, so that isn't it. I believe I've fully completed the demo, but there's one thing a little off... <url>"Dig Site", if I go the lowest platform, the screen stops scrolling. See screen "<url>" When I clear the diamonds or go through all the not-yet-trodden-through doors, their signs disappear from the map(s), but when I get one of these green orbs the question marks still remain in the map screen. Not sure if I overlooked something, but that has happened two times know. The WASD-thing comes due to me not being much of a FPS-player, so I play most platformers or similiar games with the arrow keys and the WASD-keys feel unnatural. The save-slot thing is probably due to the fact that I've learned to have multiple saves in most games, since most games I've played over the years had bugs or other stuff corrupting my saves files. Even if it is just one rare occurrence in an otherwise stable game and you have to start all over. As for your saving scheme, I actually dislike games storing their data not in the folder where I installed them. I know that's pretty common these with flash games and others spreading their data all over the system, but I really find it annoying. I fiddled a bit around with the graphic cards settings and that seemed to do the trick. Not perfect, but much faster now. Two more things: I don't really like the WASD-combination for movement and I prefer to have the option of more than one save. Probably stuff that'll be implemented/changed in the final version anyway. I like the pixel animation, really fun (like when you head-but a non-destructible wall). Characters move pretty sluggish in all big maps, thought. Speed gets back to normal in small sized maps. Not sure if my computer is too old (P6100, 2GHz). Well this looks odd, im of to try the demo.