Rome demands BEAUTY! GLORY TO ROME by Carl Chudyk, presented in a new "Black Box" edition re-imagined by Heiko Gunther with breathtaking graphic design and top quality production to make GTR look as elegant as it plays. We are talking about a real game with top quality card stock, etc. in an actual box complete with molded plastic insert tray and (some) overpriced Chinese air. It will be printed and produced by a specialist playing card / games manufacturer using “state of the art” card printing and cutting technology . This edition will include both the original "Imperial" rules (matching the current Glory To Rome I.V edition) and the more stream-lined "Republic" rules based on the M.I.T. secret house rules published on BoardGameGeek in November 2007. This is it, the real deal. A beautiful, "geek quality" edition of the game to rival the versions coming out in French, German, Polish, Italian, etc. - All we need are enough pre-orders for the initial print run! WOW. Just WOW. Glory To Rome, Black Box Edition hit its initial $21K target in just over two days and is continued to attract great interest and pledges! Since then the project has been continuing to attract crazy support - we just broke $48,379 to become the most successful Board / Card Game Kickstarter project so far! Sounds like a reason to celebrate! Firstly, a cool benefit for everyone - if we hit this tier we will expand the Promo Cards to include 10 different buildings (36 cards) instead of 6 buildings (18 cards). By the way, THESE are the cards we're proposing - there's still time to vote for your favorite! Secondly, another across the board benefit - everyone will get a boardgamegeek microbadge! These are exclusive, not for sale items that will be awarded based on your tier; Art to follow once Heiko gets back from vacation! Thirdly, we are now up to six different choices for additional promotional items: 1) Limited edition badge (with pin) 2) Limited edition badge (no pin - use as leader token) 3) Promotional cards for "BLACK BOX" edition (36 total) 4) Promotional cards for previous "I.V" edition: Republic / Promotional Cards - Merchant Bonus Cards, Republic Conversion, Promotional Cards (57 total) 5) Player Mat "risers" - 25 clear plastic feet (so 5 per Camp) 6) "Travel" version of the player camps - 5 tile thickness 3.5" x 2.5" camps Each backer who qualifies for a limited edition badge will receive the following picks - note that apart from "THINKER" these choices replace the limited edition badge mentioned in the tiers: • Three choice if your first pledge is August 9th or later • Four choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $40,000 (August 8th) • Five choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $25,000 (August 3rd) • Extra choices can be purchased for an additional $5 pledge How it works: THINKER / RUBBLE - your choices are in addition to the Badge / I.V promo cards since those are the main benefits from your tier. WOOD / BRICK - see above. These are choices you receive instead of the limited edition badge. For BRICK both sets of choices are based on your first pledge date. BRICK / STONE - you get one set of choices per copy of the game. Also the timing for all the copies is when you made your first pledge, even if it was at a lower level CONCRETE - as an Architect your pledge automatically qualifies for the August 3rd tier. Thank you for your support! STONE - You also get one set of choices per copy, based on the timing of your first pledge. STONE (Honorary Patron) if you arrange pledges for 12 or more copies ($360) then your gets Honorary Patron status and all the benefits of MARBLE (see below); this includes every copy in your group receiving one of every promotional item! MARBLE / LEADER - as Patron or Leader you'll receive one of everything. Thank you for your commitment to making this new edition a success! From here to $75,000 From $61,000 to $75,000 we're going to do a sweepstake draw every $1,000K to give one choice of Heiko's limited edition poster, a personal letter of apology from me, or a copy of one of the international editions of the game (so up to 15 prizes total). I'm really not convinced that we're going to get to $75,000 but if we do then it's going to be another HUGE milestone - these are the rewards we're offering: 1) Another promo choice for everybody. I'm running out of ideas so am open to suggestions for what this should be - so far my best idea is a compact mini-box to go with the travel camp sets 2) A one person "Factory Worker" flights + hotel trip to Shanghai for the weekend of Sept 17th including visiting the printer to help with checking the final versions, assembling the promo packs, etc. I will work out the specifics if it looks like we're getting close. Detailed rules for both sweepstakes are in update #9 but the entry process is the same as before - Follow us on Twitter or Register for our Newsletter - so if you already entered the $60K sweepstake then you're included in the new ones too! Thank you ALL for the incredible support! Background info CAMBRIDGE GAMES FACTORY is (and always will be) a development led company; we publish games, not jigsaws, and given a choice between producing games which are beautiful or games that are playable we will always, always choose playability. Always. Glory to Rome is already in the TOP 100 on BoardGameGeek due to its ingenious mechanics and immense replayability - however our current edition is made with functional clip art and a 'lovable' plastic clamshell box to match our other games. For years, serious Glory To Rome fans have been clamouring for a higher quality edition of the game. The case was made superbly as an "INTERVENTION" by Endersgame at the start of his excellent review of BARONS (our latest release). I laughed out loud when I read it, but then found myself wondering seriously about how to support our "devoted friends on the geek" without compromising our business goals and strategy. About the same time Pastabatman started a POLL asking for interest in new edition of Glory To Rome using the artwork Heiko had just created - it was quickly clear that I wasn't the only one wowed by this new look for the game! Every Backer supporting this release at the "THINKER" level or higher will receive a quality enamel badge from Termight Replicas with original artwork from Heiko Gunther. TERMIGHT REPLICAS are a specialist producer of high quality licensed badges and other comic items run by Wakefield Carter, CGF Commercial Director Just a groan from the dark in honor of Halloween. The last few copies of Glory To Rome Black Box were shipped out back in August and September but for a while it started to look like the months of delays in completing the short sale on my house might be because one of the banks seemed to have invited a predatory investor / foreclosure scammer to the party - that meant I really wasn't able to either post anything here or make any firm commitments about getting the company started again until the house sale completed a couple of weeks ago. My current project is secure until at least the end of the year and so I do have a small team working on getting things up and running again - will let you know real news as we have it. Happy Halloween! Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. Laozi With a couple of exceptions (detailed below) Chris and I have now sent out all the games, missing rewards and parts requests to everyone, everywhere who responded to our July email confirming that we have their correct addresses. The main outstanding issues are: Address confirmation - We're still waiting for responses from 15 people we emailed in July - given the delay we really don't want to send anything to anyone without first confirming that we're sending to the right place. Apology Letters for the US - I thought I'd written all of these last summer, but it turns out I only did Europe and Asia (sorry guys). I'm about to start a two week vacation so I guess I'll be getting them done as homework Chinese Edition - issue here is that it hasn't actually been printed yet. Now that we're getting things moving again I'll contact Swan to find out their timeline, and then follow up with the backers who chose it to agree an approach Minicamps in Europe - I thought I had some here but either I don't or they're buried in a box in my apartment somewhere and I can't find them. Chris is sending me some extras to send out for the last couple of backers One store in the world... ...has Glory To Rome Blackbox in stock right now When I did the main European shipments back in September there was a mix up and Speelkonig (in Belgium) ended up with fewer copies of Blackbox than they'd paid for. I just shipped the missing part of their order, plus a couple of extra copies as an apology. Tom confirmed yesterday that the games have arrived so as I write, they do currently have stock on hand. Next update end of August Chris is still working on chasing down address confirmations in order to get the last few games, rewards, etc. out but I'm on vacation for the next two weeks. Will give another update at the end of the month once I get back. Cheers Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth; when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed; nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it. Tacitus It's been an interesting couple of months. Short version: Since early April I've had neither the time nor the financial security to do much about getting the last of the games shipped, but that has now changed. Long version: The project I am on ran out of money (not my fault this time) and has been 'replanning' since early April with the consequence that half the team has been let go since then; despite being one of the newest members of the team I survived the first round of cuts at the start of June, only to have my position eliminated two weeks later in the very last stage of the negotiation. Fortunately, I'd impressed the Program Manager to be able to throw together a proposal over the next few days to get a new role created for me working for him directly; the contract was signed yesterday giving me work until at least the end of September. That may not sound like much to folks with 'real' jobs, but after about three months of being mentally prepared to hear that I was being given a couple of days to wind up my stuff and clear my desk, knowing in advance that I have at least two months work is a huge luxury. Very, very happy! Where We Stand Actually, the news is fairly good. According to our counts (see below) we only have 42 copies of Glory To Rome Black Box still to send - excluding damages we still have 20 good sets left in Boston and 31 here in Holland, so we do at least (for the moment) have enough inventory left to cover the last shipments. Other rewards and parts requests (e.g., damaged cards) are generally easier - we have plenty of stock of most items although it can take a bit of time to pull the specific requests together Obviously there's the little matter of actually paying for the shipping - not surprisingly, my credit cards were all shut down months ago - but we're estimating that it will 'only' be another couple of thousand dollars which I can cover from this month's consulting income (now I know I'm not going to be out of work in a week). Next Steps We have a list, but we need to confirm address details, etc. before sending games again - especially as these sets were mostly either returned as undeliverable or lost in the post. Chris and I also need to do some co-ordination about what gets sent from each continent. We'll be emailing everyone we know about with details by July 19th and then publishing another update here on the Weekend of July 20th. If you are missing something and have already emailed the information to <email> then please hold off telling us again until either we contact you directly or we send they "You should have been contacted by now" update. If you haven't already emailed <email> then please do so as soon as possible - especially for Blackbox itself our stock is incredibly limited and we really don't want to miss anyone. Will there be a reprint? Yes, eventually. However our first priority is getting the remaining games and rewards shipped out - we're not going to start talking about reprint plans until that has happened. By the way... There was a post on Reddit a few weeks ago wondering whether the that the fact that I live in Holland at the moment means that the house I lost is my 'second home' which started getting reported elsewhere as fact so I thought I'd better explain a little. My house is gone (either through short-sale or foreclosure) but I guess I wasn’t really using it anymore. I moved from the UK to Massachusetts in 2000, renting apartments for the first few years until 2004 when I (with my now ex-wife) bought and lived in a house in Groton. It was my home, only the second house I have owned in my life and - until the short-sale / foreclosure gets finalized - the only one I own at the moment. Given the state of my credit rating right now, probably the last house I will own for a very long time. I'm smart, and resilient and hard working and have no kids. I will bounce back... am bouncing back. There are many people in much, much worse situations than me, including a lot of small business owners who don't have the luxury of "consulting income" to fall back on when times get tough. But no, this house was not some holiday home I could afford to lose - my work and life path right now mean that I am renting an apartment elsewhere but this was my primary residence that I loved and was hoping to return to some day. Finally Starting a new consulting project means my Cambridge Games Factory time is still pretty limited and - I assume - you guys would like me to keep up with the European side of getting these last shipments out so I'm not going to have much time to respond to comments here over the next few weeks; if you have something urgent that needs a response please email <email> so that it makes it onto the team to do list. Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea there is no category of: "does risky exploration, never fails." Seth Godin At this point I’m pretty sure that – with a little grace - I’m not actually going to have to declare bankruptcy. My house is gone (either through short-sale or foreclosure) but I guess I wasn’t really using it anymore. It’s interesting how entirely alien the same situation can appear from different perspectives. I have no doubt that 99.9% of the people reading this, if they have been following enough to care, are entirely convinced that this mess happened because I didn’t pay enough attention to the Kickstarter program and games company, while the 0.1% writing the update lived through the complete opposite – I saw my life’s savings go up in smoke because I let the games company trap me in a set of financial and moral commitments that meant that I couldn’t back-burner my hobby when the “Exploding Project” pressures of my real job demanded it. It doesn’t really matter anymore. You guys (and girls) – mostly – got your games. I lost my house. In any ‘rational’ handling of this situation I would have picked a different course and those facts were reversed but that’s not how I run my life, or my business. A COMMITMENT It may take a while, but I am getting paid again and everything that was promised will (eventually) get shipped to where it’s supposed to be if we physically have the inventory anywhere in the world. LOOK!!! ZOMBIES!!! <url>’m working again – meaning that I have cash coming in again to pay to finish cleaning up the kickstarter mess and get the company back into an operational state. On the other hand, I’m not going to make the mistake –I think I’m safe calling any action that directly resulted in me losing my house as a mistake – of neglecting my core consulting business in order to fix stuff on the games side. We are going to get this stuff sorted out, but the pace is going to be set by the time and cash I have available. Also, don’t expect BoardGameGeek updates any time soon – for some reason my girlfriend has decided that BGG is “the place where I can see the most unthankful, disrespectful, ironic, childish people on earth”. She’s wrong, of course, but I’ve promised not to come back onto BGG until I can convinced her otherwise – sorry, but it’s a condition we’ve agreed for her to be OK with me starting to push the games company again and I need to respect it. Anyway, our immediate next steps are: 1) Getting payroll back up and running so I can get Chris and Amber back on board. I had to lay them both off at the end of October (when the cash ran out), although they’ve both been helping out unpaid since then - especially Chris who spent a week in December moving the games company out of the house so it could be sold. 2) Clearing through our open issues / email backlog. The email tracking software has been working fine so we have all the requests and questions that came in over the past couple of months - although obviously it will take some time to sort through the list. 3) Simplifying and stabilizing processes for sales + inventory management, accounting, etc. – to answer the obvious question, yes we certainly intend to reprint Glory To Rome Black Box this year, but I’m not going to be bounced into printing more games before we’ve shown that we can actually make and sell the inventory we already have. WHAT WE NEED FROM YOU If you’ve emailed a request to <email> , <email>, <email> or sent a Kickstarter message on October 1st 2012or later and haven’t heard back then your request is in our email system and we’ll be working through the list and you will be hearing from us over the next few weeks – although you’re obviously welcome to email us again if you’re worried your email was lost. If you emailed / messaged us before October 1st 2012 (or haven’t emailed us at all) then please send an email to <email> explaining your situation and what is still missing and we’ll take care of it – I’m sure it’s going to take several more weeks to get the remaining shipping done, but once the payroll’s back up and running I’m hoping we can quickly get to responding to new incoming emails within 48 hours. THE TEAM This has been a turbulent year. From the start, I expected he Kickstarter program to be challenging and even to lose one or two team members along the way but also to come out of the endeavor with a “battle-forged” team that would be able to carry the company forwards once we’d got through the process. I guess that is – eventually - where we ended up but with a team that’s half the size of where we started. The survivors are: Ed Carter - Managing Director <email> Rob Seater – Game Development Director <email> Chris Sniezek - Operations Director <email> Amber Ying – Sales Director <email> In addition, two former team members are still helping out, but on a professional basis: Christopher Rao – Rao and Pierce LLC Cambridge Games Factory Legal Counsel <email> Heiko Gunther - Bureau Stabil Creative Director for Blackbox Program <email> Unfortunately my brother - Wakefield Carter - is no longer part of Cambridge Games Factory and won't be part of the story going forwards. Wake has a very different management approach and philosophy to the rest of the CGF teams which had caused conflicts (mostly with me, but also with some other team members) from the start. We tried to work through those differences but in Sept 2012 we agreed they were irreconcilable and Wake split from CGF - although he continued his licensing responsibilities through until the end of 2012 AND FINALLY... A huge amount of work went into getting the Blackbox games sent out to (almost) everyone. It was a rough ride but we learnt a lot in the process, I want to thank every member of the team (past and present) for the effort they put in - with a huge mention to Topher for managing the main delivery process over the summer and Chris for continuing to help long after the money had run out. It's going to be a while before we're ready to run another Kickstarter but when we do it will be from a much stronger and more stable business as a platform. And of course, thank you all for your patience and tolerance as we got these games shipped out to everyone. I'm so sorry it took so long! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea It's been a long hard road, but finally we're at the end of it! Here is a quick rundown on the status of the shipments: Americas Games and rewards packs have all been shipped. (Whoo!) Europe Games and rewards packs have all been shipped. (Whoo whoo! Also, Europe also includes Russia and South Africa.) Asia All games and rewards packs have been shipped directly to backers or to distributor agents (which means that it may take a smidge longer). Breakdown for the distributor agents by country: New Zealand and Australia are en route to the agents and will be shipped when they are received by our agents. Singapore and Japan have been shipped to backers via agents. In summary, if you have not received your games and rewards packs, rest assured that they are on their way! Finally, we at CGF have received a letter of resignation from Christopher Rao, our Director of Production. We are very sad to see him go, but it has been a pleasure to have worked with him. We wish him the absolute best as he waddles out towards the horizon. (Onward, penguin!) Things are wrapping up around here .. It's been exactly a month since the last update. But at least we have some decent news to report. So yeah, for much of the last few months, I have felt much like a hobbit on the way to Mount Doom. Or perhaps, as a witty curmudgeon put it recently, Barticus88 wrote: You are not a hobbit. You are the third string QB the hobbits block for. Or maybe, Randall, I'm both a hobbit AND a football player! (Sorry to non-Americans for riffing on a metaphor about a game that ironically has very little to do with feet!) AMERICAS - As of last Thursday, all Black Boxes have shipped to the US, Canada, and the rest of the Americas (except 2-3 we don't have proper addresses for). EUROPE - As of last Wednesday, Ed has shipped all EU Black Boxes. He still has 14 supporters still to ship to, outside the EU. We hope to ship those next week, but I need to get an exact plan from Ed on this. Greater Singapore Region - As of last Friday, our Shanghai agent has shipped all remaining games to Australasia. Most of these games shipped by air, but Australia and New Zealand were simply too expensive for that, so they have gone by China Post. Australia and New Zealand As I explained in the previous thread, we've gone round and round about what to do for our Aussie/Kiwi supporters, who have on whole been remarkably patient with us, and will likely be getting their games last in all the world. It's too expensive for us to ship a free game all the way from Groton, and giving all you folks an extra pin seemed like too little too late. So here's what we're doing: Each backer in Australia and New Zealand will get one coupon per Black Box they have ordered. This coupon is good for US$10 towards any CGF game bought from any source. Details to follow on how to redeem your coupon. What's next- We still have to deal with a few incomplete orders, slightly damaged boxes, etc. Now that the main shipping is nearly done, we should have time to address these issues properly. And then? Well then we do our second print run, which will hopefully more closely resemble Field of Dreams than LOTR. I want to thank you all, once again, for your enormous patience throughout this difficult journey. We're very sorry for all the delays, but hope you all enjoy your games! I'll update this with more specific info as it develops over the next few days. Christopher Rao (topherr@BGG) Director of Production, CGF [ Sorry for the delayed post here - this went up on BoardGameGeek on 9/13/2012. Crossposting now. ] So this has not been our finest hour. A week ago I had some realistic expectation that I'd soon be able to post an update saying all of Greater Singapore Region had shipped, and that most of Europe had shipped. Europe: Ed has only shipped to a few game stores, and is busy finishing up the packaging for all store and individual orders. Like many Amsterdammers, Ed doesn't have a car. His plan is to finish all the packaging, and then hire a truck to invade Germany ... er, drive to Germany and ship ALL store and ALL individual European orders in one swoop fell. Bad news is that, given Ed's other real world commitments, this could happen as late as October 4, 2012 (3 weeks from today). Ed's time projections are somewhat more optimistic. Mine are not. But this is a date that we should at least be able to make. GSR (Asia/Australasia) After not hearing from our Shanghai agent for a few days, I just learned of yet another snag, which is that the air freight office in Shanghai is apparently demanding phone numbers for each supporter - phone numbers we don't have. At first I thought it was just the agent's request, so I told him that it was simply impractical to get phone numbers throughout the region. Now I'm hearing a new wrinkle. Shanghai Agent wrote: [9:22:14 AM] I will try to persude the air freight post office. They have gave me lots problems in past days. [9:28:51 AM] [9:28:58 AM]Casue we have not the phone number. By tomorrow, I should either report that all the boxes have shipped, or beg you all for phone numbers so that we can ship. PLEASE don't all send me your numbers today. Georgia Sounds easy, right? This is Georgia the state, not the place sometimes beset by angry Chechens. Well, turns out that the Groton team missed 3 pages of shipping labels, and so we basically forgot about a whole state. Worse yet, I had already told everyone that all "conforming" orders had shipped, and didn't notice the issue until I noticed like 5 emails from folks in Georgia who sure thought they were conforming. At least all the Georgia orders did go out yesterday. Stupidity, topherr style I'm usually good about keeping up with hundreds of emails for my day job, and so last week I encouraged folks to CC me on all emails to <email>. Then I got inundated with a bunch of emails. Let me be clear that this should not have come as a surprise to me. But I got behind on emails, and then noticed that I couldn't actually answer a lot of the emails I did respond to without interrupting the Groton team and slowing the shipping down. So somehow I actually posted a message actually asking folks to wait a week and then email me again. In retrospect, this request is not just ill-advised, but inexplicable. BTW, I'm still catching up to emails, and probably won't be fully caught up till this weekend. Really sorry about that brain burp. Irrelevant personal junk On top of all this, (and this is not relevant, I realize) it's been a particularly stressful week of work, dealing with difficult opposing lawyers under tight deadlines and such. In one case we represent a guy who's defending a supposed debt from a huge bank you've all heard of, for tens of thousands of dollars. The bank sold the debt to some company you've never heard of. Our client is pretty sure he already paid off the entire debt, and the holding company basically refuses to show any documentation to validate the debt, arguing that they simply don't have the information and have no duty to supply it (because hey, they just bought the debt, not the documentation!). After three years, the holding company finally offers, not the bank records, but instead a declaration from some guy at the bank saying "I've looked at the records and have determined that it's a valid debt." Really. To top it off, the law firm representing the Bank only gives out a PO Box, not a street address (something I've never seen before). So they can serve docs on our office the day something is due, but we have to mail it out 3 days in advance. Anyway, we asked to serve a motion (under time pressure) via pdf to the lawyer's email. Of course he said no. Yeah, this is my week. The cherry on top? Last night my kids and I all just got the same ... intestinal bug, so they're home from school today. My five-year old is completely non-verbal, so it's particularly challenging because he can't even point to where it hurts. Fun stuff. To be clear, none of this personal junk is an excuse to anyone for any screw-up of mine, or of CGF. I made my own decisions about what to take on, and it's up to me to balance things and get things done. Just venting about my wonderful week.... Yeah, definitely FML. Good News Got this from Amber in Groton earlier today: Amber in Groton wrote: All store shipments in the Canada and USA have been shipped. Personal shipments to Canada are being prepped today. Canada personal shipments are meant to go out tomorrow. Yes, we haven't got to the bottom of all "conforming" orders that somehow got into the wrong pile, but I'm pretty sure that everyone in the US will have at least been contacted (if not had their package shipped) by tomorrow. The vast majority of you have been extremely patient. And for those of who aren't, I don't blame you at all. Especially this week. This week, it's not all the hard to convince me that we suck as bad as some people think we do.... Next week will be better, I'm pretty sure. Don't worry, we haven't forgotten anyone, we're working through all this, we'll keep in touch, and we won't stop till we're done. I'll keep you all posted with new information as I have it. topherr FRIDAY NIGHT EDIT: MORE BAD NEWS - As you may know, I've been busy chasing down various issues in various places - which is what happens when we're shipping from 3 cities on 3 continents, none of the cities are named Seattle.... I learned just today that we have a bigger problem on the last few dozen games to US supporters than we previously realized: we shipped over 200 games from Groton to Esvedium's US relay, rather than from Amsterdam to England. This means that the reserve inventory we were counting on is in Amsterdam, not Groton, and this means that we are short at least 30-40 games in Groton, and that these games can't go out to the last round of US supporters until we get them shipped from Amsterdam back to Groton. And THIS means, very very unfortunately, that at least some of you who have waited incredibly patiently and done nothing wrong are going to have to wait at least a week longer to get your games. Ironically, shipping to Esvedium from Groton also had the effect of pissing off loads of folks in Europe as well, who saw the game for sale locally while waiting for their copy to ship from Amsterdam. So it served double duty of sorts Sorry doesn't quite cut it in this situation, I know. But I am.... Here's what I can say: I've asked Groton for a complete list of unshipped orders by Monday, and by Tuesday, September 18th we'll send out a detailed email to every person whose order should have shipped but hasn't (in several cases, we're still waiting on shipping payment, so those orders were going to sit anyway). We realize that for these orders, we have totally screwed the pooch, even more than for everyone else (in Georgia and Canada, for example), and we're currently brainstorming what we can do for these folks to try to make up for this monumental screw-up. I will try to have an answer for you by Tuesday. But yeah, this sucks any way you cut it. No excuses. I'm going to go crawl under a rock for the night. I'll take my lumps in the morning.... SUNDAY MORNING UPDATED UPDATE: We haven't yet contacted the disappointed US supporters who have waited, mostly patiently, only to discover that their games are in Amsterdam, not Boston, will arrive much, and have a greater chance of minor box damage issue from getting shipped across another ocean. I've already said we're really sorry, now I have news regarding what we're going to do about it. To all US backers who paid a copy of GTR BB and paid for shipping but whose games have not yet been sent: When we get the games in from Amsterdam we'll ship them to you along with a complimentary copy of Zombie in my Pocket. If you already have ZIMP, let us know and tell us if you'd like a free copy of Pala, Quills, or North Pole (yeah, that's my game!) instead. To disappointed KS supporters in Europe and around the world who are also still waiting for their games: As you can imagine, deciding how to make up for numerous delays in various regions fairly, and in a financially responsible manner has been a challenge of its own. We decided to make this offer because this specific category of US backers are getting their games much later than other US backers, and because our shipping fees are obviously cheaper to US backers than to other countries (where we are offering free/nearly free shipping). We hope you understand, and hope you realize that we are working hard to get you all games, wherever you are. United States A couple of weeks ago, I said that our conservative estimate was that we would ship all conforming US individual games to supporters by this Friday, September 7th. The good news is that we've about done that, at least (last games, for Massachusetts supporters, packaged this afternoon, ready for drop off at post office in the morning). We've also started shipping some sets to Canada, South America, and Israel. So what's left for the US? We still have over a hundred "non-conforming" individual supporter orders, and over a dozen store pickup orders, including orders: Order is lacking posters (which are coming from Europe, but are not to MA yet). Order is lacking packs of other 2011 CGF games (which still need to be assembled) Order is lacking international editions of GTR (which we await from Europe) Supporter chose the wrong number of reward choices for her/his order AND has not responded to at least two emails asking for clarification. Supporter has not yet paid for shipping AND has not yet responded to email reminders. Supporter paid for shipping after July 15, 2012 (the date confirming orders were printed) FLGS hasn't responded to various emails/phone calls requesting shipping info confirmation. There are also several supporters whose games shipped, but still need one or more rewards. Chris and Amber (and team) will start working on all these non-conforming orders tomorrow. Tomorrow, Chris and Amber will also start responding to email questions/concerns/complaints sent to <email>. But the priority is to finish shipping, so quality issues with minor box damage and chipped jacks will likely wait until most all shipping is done. Greater Singapore (just my way of saying Asia &amp; Australia &amp; New Zealand) After many communication issues, those should have finally started shipping yesterday or today. I will edit this update to post a confirmation that all such orders have shipped from Shanghai, hopefully within a day or two. Orders going to Brunei, (EDIT: Taiwan), Thailand, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Philippines and China will go directly to each individual supporter from Shanghai. Rewards will go out separately, to each individual supporter, after all Black Boxes have shipped, from the US. Orders going to Japan, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand will first go to our local in-country agent, then get re-shipped domestically along with rewards for each supporter shipped to from the US to our in-country agent(yes, this is our plan to offer free/nearly free shipping). All in-country agents are GTR Kickstarter supporters who have agreed to help us ship in-country. Details to follow with 7-10 days. EUROPE Ed has told me that between 10-20% of all game boxes suffered damage, presumably at the hands of nefarious Dutch customs agents who may or may not also be zombies. He is nevertheless planning to start shipping to game stores this week and individuals next week. I realize that this isn't very detailed information. I will edit this header with more information later this week. CANADA We're still sorting out whether we can save all our Canadian backers customs fees by importing directly into Canada, then having our Canadian agent re-ship throughout Canada. As I've posted elsewhere, I believe that this is pretty much cost-neutral to CGF. The main impetus is to save customs fees for our Canadian supporters. I hope to have an answer to this by Friday, and to have everything shipped from Groton, either way, by next Tuesday. Two final points: Shipping questions for the US and Canada are best sent to <email> - but I have no problem being CC'd on each of these emails if you like (my address is <email>). Please please please confine all questions/complaints/insults to this thread. It's hard enough for me to keep up with 10 different threads, and it's even tougher for folks looking for answers to their questions. I'll answer all questions here as fast as I can. Thanks so much to all of you who have been so patient (and even to those of you who haven't). We are working hard to get all the final shipments made as soon as we can. topherr Welcome to another week at the warehouse! If my inbox is any indication, I know that you have tons of questions, so thank you so much for being so patient so far. If you're still here, then you're still with us to the end. For that, we are all very, very grateful. Quick recap: Week of August 5 Ship to GenCon for backer pickup (DONE!) Ship to game stores in America for backer pickup (STARTED) Ship Rubble for Americas (DELAYED) Ship to backers in Americas (DELAYED) Ship to backers in Asia (DELAYED) Ship to all in Europe (DELAYED) I can hear the cries now: What's with all the delays?! Here's the scoop: Americas We didn't plan on shipping to GenCon originally but due to the positive feedback we got for the idea, we decided to do it. We want to get games to backers any way possible! So we took time to ship to GenCon, which meant that we had to take time away from other tasks. Also, half the team came down with a very contagious illness that knocks you off your feet, so they were out for the week. Could they have come in and worked through their sickness? Sure but that would have been demanding for Matt and Mithu and would have gotten ALL of us sick, which means that EVERYTHING would have been delayed. But we are getting games out! So far, games for these stores have been shipped: Aero Hobbies &amp; Games Ancient Wonders Black Diamond Games Cloud Cap Games Crazy Squirrel Game Store DiceHouse Games Dr. Cain's Comics &amp; Games Epic Gaming Game Kastle Gamescape SF Gator Games Guardian Games Legends Comics &amp; Games Pair A Dice Games Red Castle Games LLC The Last Grenadier Asia We got delayed by an unforeseen logistic hurdle, but we are shipping game to backers in Asia now! Europe Our fearless leader, Ed, has signed off and picked up the games, but unlike here in America where we have four people (when everyone is healthy), there is only one person to take care of all the shipments in Europe. He will be working hard this week to get all the packs together to be shipped! In other words, we're doing what we can with what we got. We are getting the games out though! Plan for the week: Week of August 12 Ship to game stores in America for backer pickup Ship Rubble for Americas Ship to backers in Americas Ship to backers in Asia Ship to all in Europe We're already shipping to stores in Americas, and we can say for certain that we will be shipping to backers in Asia and Americas later this week. Europe, we will be getting your games out to you ASAP, too! But how will you know about what's happening? - We will email you if there is a problem. If you haven't heard anything about a problem from us by now, you are all set. - We will also email you once your game is on its way. I know that a lot of you are excited for Black Box, but you don't need to check your mailbox every day! Just your inbox. ;) - Every moment we spend answering your questions about where things are means that we are taking time away from getting the games to you. I know that all of you have tons of questions and valid concerns, but unless they are related specifically to a change of address or verifying a store, we can't prioritize it. We hear your cries of getting games out to you, so we are doing that. That's all for now! Now back to shipping ... With the games in our warehouse centers for the Americas, Europe, and Asia, we are finally looking at the final stretch, which is getting the games out to you! Hoorah! I'm so excited that we are here! Finally! So here's the deal: I'm going to outline our shipping schedule and policies. Please understand that this is an outline, and tasks may be moved up or down depending on how the weeks go. Week of July 29 Pick up games (DONE!) Ship rewards packages for Europe (DONE!) Send emails to double-triple check correct addresses, rewards packages, etc. (IN PROGRESS) Ship to games to Asia stores (STARTED!) Week of August 5 Ship Rubble for the Americas Ship to all reviewers Ship to game stores in America (beginning with backer pickup) Ship to backers in America Ship to games out to Asia backers from Shanghai (tentative) Ship all in Europe from Amsterdam (tentative) Week of August 12 Ship to backers in America (continuing - there are a lot of you) Ship all in Europe from Amsterdam (definite) Week of August 19 Ship to all distributors Ship rewards packs to Asia (tentative) Week of August 26 Ship rewards packs to Asia (definite) If the outline seems confusing, here is our reasoning: We want to get the games into your hands. Given the choice between shipping just the game vs entire rewards package with a delay, we are going to get what you REALLY want, Black Box, to you ASAP. So backers will be getting games, whether through store pickup or personal shipping. We also wanted to approximate shipments so that people will be getting the games about the same time. Logistically, the way to best to do that was to give Asia and Europe a little head start over the Americas. We are going to take care of you. Can't pick it up in a store or at a convention? Didn't make a local pickup date? We have solutions. Every person's situation is different so we will be contacting you if there is an issue. If you haven't heard from us by next week, know that you are okay. We are going to be really busy taking care of you. The games are in, our very top priority is getting the games to you, and we need all hands on deck to get all those games to you on that schedule. I know that you probably still have tons of questions, but since we are ALL busy packing shipments, communications will be delayed. That's about it! I know that there are additional questions about Canadian customs and shipping to South America and the Middle East. For the former, the most I can say is that we are in the process of working it out. We have absolutely no intention of saddling any of you with customs fees. For the latter, we got you covered. The games are going to you. Thank you all so much! I almost can't believe this is happening. But I have to believe it, because I saw the games sitting right before me. This is real, people! (Yeah, I know it's the image I posted on Twitter, but I feel like it's like looking at the light at the end of the tunnel. So sue me.) -- Amber Ying, Operations Director [ Amber's note: What the title said. Many thanks to Christopher for updating while the Groton team was out getting 5 tons of games in! Below is a mirror of what he posted on BGG. Again, there are questions in the BGG thread that are being answered. See if your question is answered there: <url>’s where we’re at: DELIVERIES TO STORES - Our Groton team has been trying to nail down shipping arrangements with all your local game stores. The good news is that only two stores have said no. The not as good news is that several other stores have been unresponsive to us and/or annoyed with us for these delays (go figure). Matt and Mithu are on the phones pretty much every day to get authorizations from the remaining stores. Also, we want to make sure that stores don’t authorize shipping of your Black Box, then just sell your game to someone else. At some point, we'll have to arrange a workaround for stores that won't agree to accept Black Box deliveries or aren't responsive to us. Rest assured, we'll keep you in the loop when we have something to report. U.S. - The games are warehoused in Boston, waiting to get through customs. Apparently the Bill of Lading I emailed was not an “original” Bill of Lading, so we have a new one coming from the Shanghai factory (also by email, but this time in .pdf, not MS Word, because apparently that's what it takes). So it looks like Amber or Chris will be able to pick up the games on Monday or Tuesday and drive them to Groton. Once we get the games, our Groton team will be busy making sure that rewards for each backer get sent to the right address or store, as appropriate. (Note that games to South America will be shipped from Boston as well.) CANADA - It’s been our goal to take care of all shipping costs for Canadian customers, including customs and GST. Hence my several hours of wading through customs’ regulations, talking to shipping companies, customs officials, etc. However, a couple of Canadian backers in an earlier thread seemed fine with paying the customs/tax themselves, upon arrival. So here’s our offer – If you’re a Canadian backer and you don’t mind paying your own customs/tax upon the game’s arrival, just email <email> and the Groton team will mail you your game, alongside the games they are shipping to US customers. If the game is going to a game store, you’ll need to confirm that you've worked it out with your local game store. In the mean time, we’re trying to work out a strategy to get the rest of the games to our Canadian supporters, free and clear of any taxes/customs fees. My best guess is that this means an extra 2-3 weeks, but I can’t promise anything right now. EUROPE - We have received a notice from the shipper that the goods were scheduled to arrive on about July 21, but I have not yet received the actual arrival notice, possibly because our customs agent is on vacation until August 6th. There's little doubt that the games are there, but I need to coordinate with our agent to get the games through customs. Oh, and also, we don't actually have a warehouse in Holland yet, so Ed is arranging that part. As soon as the games are through customs, Ed will double-check rewards for European backers, then send out the games throughout the EU himself. ASIA/OCEANIA - No, we haven't forgotten about you, but have not yet resolved the box damage issue. After getting photos of box damage from 3 backers (IIRC, from Malaysia, Australia and New Zealand), I sent these photos to our Shanghai agent. His response was “It's a little strange cause we have packed it very well.” Needless to say, this did not exactly comfort me - which puts us in a tough spot. We can either just go ahead and ship the remaining hundreds of Black Boxes around the region, hoping that these games are packaged more carefully by our agent (who assures us “I will pack them better than first time.”), or find another agent. I hope to have an answer for you all by middle of next week. APOLOGIA - This has been an extremely ambitious project for a tiny, mostly-volunteer game company. In fact, the international shipping logistics (and costs!) alone prompted our then-Operations Director (a bright, hard-working, Mandarin-speaking import-export professional) to quit, more or less on the spot. So I volunteered to be in charge of Black Box fulfillment. I don’t speak Mandarin, and until a few months ago I knew nothing at all about international shipping. But I’m what you’ve got (well, me plus our stellar Groton crew, plus Ed and Wake and Rob). We're gettin' there, but of course, there's still plenty of things that can go still go wrong. If you have any comments/questions/tomatoes to throw at us, please only post onto the most recent update thread (this one for now). With everything else going on, it’s a bit unwieldy to monitor several threads at once effectively. I will try hard to answer your questions as time permits, but frankly what time I have beyond my family and high stress day job is probably best sent tackling these somewhat mesmerizing logistical challenges - so please understand that although we may not update quite as often as you'd like, we are working hard to fulfill each and every order for our supporters. I can't promise that there won't be more delays. Or slightly dented boxes. Or uncooperative local stores. Or zombie penguins. I can only tell you that we won't stop trying to get it right. We appreciate your patience very much - and completely understand why some of you are no longer patient. We remain hopeful that however you feel now, you’ll like the game once we finally get it to you. topherr Director of Production and Itinerant Game Designer Cambridge Games Factory UPDATE 28.1 (Sunday night) : The pdf Bill of Lading was just emailed from Shanghai to Shipco in Boston. I'll double-check with Shipco in the morning. UPDATE 28.2 (9:16 am, Monday) : Nope, turns out that the Shanghai guy sent the wrong Bill. He says he'll send the right one tomorrow Shanghai time. So assuming he gets it right, looks like a Tuesday pick up. UPDATE 28.3 (5 pm, Monday) Turns our that Tuesday proved impossible for our Groton team, so now we're shooting for Wednesday. Also, I checked with Chris in Groton, and we're a go for shipping USPS to any Canadian supporter who agrees to pay customs fees (if any). Finally, looks like we're going to go ahead and send the rest of the games throughout the AS region using the same Shanghai agent, and are currently working with him to ensure better packaging for the shipments. Amber or Chris will respond separately here to questions regarding when shipments will go out from Groton. And I will post another micro-update when we actually have the games in hand. Guess what we have in our warehouse? Yay! We have Montana! (We also have Quills, too!) How exciting that we have new releases out! But I know that you aren't here for that news. You're all dying to know what's going on with the US shipment. So I'm going to give you the scoop. As of Thursday, July 19, 1:10 PM, here's the boat: That's right! The games are almost in Boston! If you are interested in where they are in real time, keep your eye on this link: <url>® Legion reviews "Glory To Rome, Black Box Edition" I'm delighted to finally have Glory To Rome given the proper Playmobile Legionary review treatment - thanks Mya! Incidentally, if you've not seen Mya's reviews they're well worth checking out - who would have thought that a set of kids toys could do such a great job of explaining Euro games - here's a scene from the Zombie In My Pocket review she did a couple of years ago: The PLAYMOBIL® Legion reviews "Zombie in my Pocket" The Main Shipment We hit one more ridiculous issue with export licensing earlier in the week which meant we missed this week's shipment window, but we do now finally have the Shanghai pick ups scheduled for Monday, with the ships leaving port on Thursday and Friday next week. The games are scheduled to arrive in Boston on July 19th and Rotterdam on July 22nd, so with a few days for customs clearance it looks like we'll be sending the main shipment sets out in the last week of July / first week of August. I know: more delays, yuck! On the other hand, we have pick ups scheduled!!! This means that the dates are (finally!!!) getting pretty firm - I can't believe how long this took but I'm incredibly glad the games are now moving! The main air shipment was collected today. I don't have the booking sheet yet, but we should see the copies here in Groton, MA either end of next week or start of the week after. Asia / Australia / New Zealand Sorry guys. The extra complexities in getting the main shipment out of China also got in the way of planning and setting up the local distribution for the sets being sent directly out of Shanghai. Good news is that we are now (again... finally!!!) moving there too - on Friday our shipping agent confirmed receipt of the 420 copies. I need to get timing confirmed but I'm expecting the advanced shipments to be sent next week with the remaining sets starting to ship the week after that. Rubble / Thinker Backers Your packs will go out after the main air shipment arrives - so they should ship out in the week of June 29th Local Pick Up Firstly, local pick up is now closed. Right now it looks like everyone who has a pickup ID of 41 or below will get a copy. If your number is 42 or higher then chances are you'll have to wait for the main shipment, although that will also depend on your location. Amsterdam copies were given out last week. Wake confirmed that he received the Oxford copies this morning and so they're available for collection. US copies are mainly coming on the air shipment next week and then need to get sent out to the various locations, so it's still going to be a week or so before we get them into your hands. We will give more details once the shipment arrives. Active Duty Services, Wedding Presents and Special Pleading Once the main airshipment arrives we'll be holding back a few copies here in Groton "just in case" but unless we do actually find we start needing them then we'll be able to start releasing them through July as the main shipment gets closer. If you are an active duty service person deployed (or being deployed) in harm's way, or there's a clear reason why you need the game on a specific date (e.g., as a wedding present) then please let us know and we'll see what we can do about getting you a copy. Note that we're talking about at most five or six sets - or none at all if we start getting "Where's my advanced shipment" emails and find that a few people slipped through the cracks on the original distribution - so no promises, but let us know and we'll see what we can do. Huge, huge, thank you!!! Jacky Xu from Shanghai Dafa spent almost a day last week helping us get the export licensing issue resolved - I can't tell you how grateful I am, especially since Glory To Rome, Black Box Edition is actually the first of our games since 2010 which has been printed by a different company. Seriously though, I can't recommend Jacky / Shanghai Dafa highly enough - Jacky has been an incredible and patient business partner through the various ups and downs we've had over the years and working with Jacky has been an education in getting stuff done in China. His company printed Plato 3000 so if you are a publisher (or considering a kickstarter run of your own) you'll have a sample of what he's capable of. Plus his office chair looks like it came out of a racing car - what's not to love! Back in America I got back home Tuesday night with half a dozen copies of Blackbox in my luggage after being out of the US for almost a year. When I left the house was still full of my ex-wife's stuff (including a baby-grand piano) and we'd just started moving the games company in from the garage; I've coming back to find the place a working small business with the personal stuff I have left in the US in boxes upstairs. It's strange to be back, especially as it's only for a few weeks (I'm planning to return to Europe in mid July) but I do truly love this place, even if I don't get to live here much anymore. It's easy to be glibbly think "If I mess up I lose my house" when it's 3000+ miles away; tougher when I'm actually here sitting in it. The past few years have been tough times for a lot of people, and while I've had quite a few scares I've been blessed by always being able to pull things together successfully in the end. My new project is starting next week, so Amber will be taking over the updates for here forwards. Sorry, yet again, for the rough ride. Putting the games onto a boat next week will be a huge milestone though - and so while I'm quite sure there are a few more hiccups to come, we really should be starting to get through the worst of it. Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field. Dwight D. Eisenhower The Origins pick up went according to plan - now it's done we can admit that we sent about 3 times as many sets as were requested and virtually all of them were handed out (although we did run out of some of the Promo Items). The initial feedback we're getting from people who have received their copies are extremely positive - you can see an "unboxing" video here. <url>"unboxing" photo story from "DiceHateMe": Note these are from regular backer and not affiliated with us in any way - I couldn't be happier with the video he put together but it's his personal opinion about the set. European and American advanced copies (including Merchant Patron sets) were all sent out last week so should now be arriving. If you've not received your copy yet please contact us at <email> and we'll check the tracking numbers. I'm afraid Asian / Australian Advanced copies are still in Shanghai - more details below - not good, I know, but it's high on the list to get fixed. Now that we're through Origins and the US / European Advanced copies are out we're shifting gears to making the main shipment work - there are a variety of updates. I'm afraid that some of the news isn't great. We're making progress, but slowly. Jeremiah Lee leaving Cambridge Games Factory After four years working with Cambridge Games Factory, Jeremiah Lee handed in his notice shortly before Origins. Over the years Jeremiah has been our main face at US conventions as well as this Kickstarter project; he's accepted a similar role with Indy Board and Cards - doing what he loves without risking the choppy seas of Geek fury and occasional (light-hearted?!?) death threats to his children. When we started this Kickstarter I was extremely pleased with how the Cambridge Games Factory team was coming together but knew this project would test the team to its limits - especially when we came in almost four times higher than our request amount. These past couple of weeks I've actually really enjoyed the luxury of being able to dedicate time to getting things back on track, but it's been bitter-sweet knowing that Jeremiah won't be an active member of the team when we get there. On the other hand, I'm delighted for Jeremiah. This is a great opportunity for him and I have immense respect for Travis and the Indy crew. We'll be continuing to collaborate with Jeremiah as a designer (Zombie in my Pocket is one of my all time favorite games). Amber Ying takes over as Kickstarter lead While I do intend to replace Jeremiah eventually this doesn't feel like the right moment to bring new leadership onto the team - so short term Amber Ying (Operations Director) is taking over as primary contact for the Kickstarter program, as well as managing the store contact program and handling day to day sales inquiries. Amber has been reading through the threads on BoardGameGeek, etc. so she knows what she's signing up for but please be nice to her. Amber is the one who kept the company together when our previous Operations Director quit last year and I've no idea how we'd get the games to you without her running the factory. That means I'm going to have to take her off the 'front line' if she starts getting the same kind of heat that Jeremiah was taking - and I'm running out of people to step into the role in her place. Wakefield Carter takes over store updates Another key area of Jeremiah's responsibility was providing regular updates to our store community - especially those that have also pre-ordered the new Black Box edition. Wakefield Carter (Commercial Director) is taking over this program. He's in the process of putting together an update which should get sent out in the next few days. Store Pick Up Program / Now Hiring!!! So far Jeremiah and Amber have had confirmations from about half the stores on our list that they're interested in participating in our store pick up program - and only a couple who have outright rejected the process - but with Jeremiah leaving and Amber's responsibilities increasing we need a couple of extra hands on deck to complete the calls in the next few weeks before the main shipment arrives. We're therefore looking for a couple more people to help out with getting the Kickstarter out the door. Cambridge Games Factory makes a point of being a company run by gamers, for gamers so if you're interested in a few weeks of work and are within commuting distance of Groton, MA (where our factory is) then we'd love to hear from you. The roles will be a combination of outbound calls to stores and assembling promotional packs, etc. - please email <email> for details. REMINDER : Promo Item Packs for Advanced / Asian Copies The games themselves are heavy, while the promo items are complicated (who came up with the idea for all those choices!?!) so we're splitting up the collation / distribution process. Most of you won't notice any difference but Advanced shippers and shipments to Asia, Australia and New Zealand will come in two parts - you'll receive Glory To Rome, Plato 3000 and the BlackBox Promo cards first, followed by a second shipment with risers, mini-camps, I.V Promo cards, etc. Shanghai collection running behind schedule While the operations team (Amber and Chris Sniezek) are full time employees, and Jeremiah was paid for the Kickstarter project, right now everyone else (including me!) are doing this unpaid because we love being part of a (hopefully someday successful) games company. The upside is that we all get to work with a skilled and engaged team with far more experience than we could afford to hire based on our turnover; the downside is that tasks owned by this management group can be at risk to outside scheduling pressures. Across the management team, Christopher Rao, Heiko Gunther and and I are most "swingy" - we all run our own businesses and so can usually carve out time when we need it (it's good to be the boss!) but also have periods where a project breaks and we end up with little or no time for the games company. Often we can see these periods coming (and plan for them) but not always. Unfortunately for various reasons Christopher's schedule has been extremely tight over the past couple of weeks which means his current tasks - getting the games picked up from Shanghai and setting up the Asian / Australian shipping process - have been taking longer than expected. Yesterday we did finally get the corrected quote back from our shipping line but that's still not quite a firm date - the next steps are submitting the booking forms and export clearance so that we can get slotted onto a specific vessel. Once we've done that we'll finally know the arrival date and be able to provide more detailed plans / schedule for delivering the main shipment. Christopher and I have discussed the situation and he's assured me that his agenda is much clearer now so he'll be able to start making better progress going forwards. I've asked him not to respond to questions about this on BoardGameGeek until the pick up is actually scheduled since I (and I hope you) would much rather he was spending his time getting us moving again rather than getting caught up in trying to explain why we are behind. At the same time I recognize that given our track record, "Christopher says he has time now" does not inspire much confidence. This is an area he knows better than I do so I'm not keen to switch it to someone else, but am monitoring the situation closely and will move it in the next couple of days if we don't start to make better progress. Asia / Australia / New Zealand Different topic, same story. We've been slipping on the schedule due to Christopher's availability. With Origins completely (as well as Jeremiah's transtion) I will be able to get more involved now - more info in the next update. Local Pick Up As a reminder, we have a few spare advanced sets which will be available for collection in the following locations: Cambridge, Massachussets - Amber Ying Ann Arbor, Michigan - Jeremiah Lee Seattle, Washington - Christopher Rao Saarbrücken, Germany - Heiko Gunther Oxford, United Kingdom - Wake Carter Amsterdam, Netherlands - Ed Carter Everyone who's already signed up (and received a pick up ID of 28 or lower) has an advanced set reserved for them; we still have a few more left and so we're adding two extra pick up locations: Portland, Oregon - Christopher Rao is at the 18xx convention from June 21 to June 24 and can bring copies for collection there. Oakland, California - within a few weeks of our first publishing Glory To Rome back in 2005 it was being played in Oakland by a dedicated group of supporters. We're a New England company and so it was stunning to discover these guys, 3000 miles away, playing a game that had sold less than twenty copies. The story of how it happened was involved a failed games convention, a burglary and a set of guys who fell in love with the game despite it's terrible artwork and square cornered cards - at the time Carl and I were still hand assembling the decks which we'd printed like business cards - and so since we still have a few early copies to send somewhere it feels like that's the right place to do it. Advanced pick ups are on a first come, first served basis - please email <email> if you want to reserve a copy. My Schedule As I've made clear, Cambridge Games Factory isn't my main paid employment. Over the past few weeks I've been dedicating most of my time to getting things back on track but I've also been putting together a proposal for my next full-time project. It is looking like that will start either next week or the week after, at which point you will see my active participation in the project scale back again. That doesn't mean I'm down to zero participation - just that I'm going to drop back behind the scenes and focus on making sure the work keeps moving while letting Amber, Wake, etc. make the public updates. In particular, I've arranged to spend the first few weeks of my next project back in Boston, so I'll be on site during the next critical weeks to make sure the promo packs are being put together properly, etc. before returning to Europe in early July to lead the European distribution process. Thank you, yet again, for your patience - it's been a long road with far too many twists on it, but truly - we're in the home straight now. Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www. cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea Another quick update - I just spoke to Jeremiah and he's now on the road to Origins. Everything arrived on time so the games (and all promo choices) will be available to pick up there from tomorrow onwards. ADVANCED COPIES - ON THEIR WAY! Americas: In addition to frantically preparing for Origins, Jeremiah has also got all of the American advanced copies packaged up and ready to ship - right now they're in his van, but he's promised to get them to a UPS store tomorrow, so they'll be with you extremely soon. Europe: I also packaged up and sent out the European Advanced copies today (via Post.NL / TNT) so they'll be arriving in the next couple of days. Asia / Australia: Still a work in progress - I need to get an update from Xu Bo / Christopher but right now it's looking like they'll be shipping early next week, with the regular sets to those markets going out shortly afterwards. LOCAL PICKUP To make absolutely sure we could get games to advanced backers first we sent a few extra sets to both Europe and America as 'safety stock'. Some of these are going to reviewers, but we will have a few available for local pick up. More details to follow once we know how many sets we have available, but if you're in any of the following areas and wish to pick up your game early please let us know by emailing <email> Cambridge, Massachussets - Amber Ying / Factory Ann Arbor, Michigan - Jeremiah Lee Seattle, Washington - Christopher Rao Saarbrücken, Germany - Heiko Gunther Oxford, United Kingdom - Wake Carter Amsterdam, Netherlands - Ed Carter Stock is extremely limited and so for each location we'll prioritize requests based on the order we receive your email - please respond quickly to avoid disappointment! A FEW OTHER TOPICS Firstly, sorry about our sloppy email responsiveness throughout this project. It's an area where I've had concerns for a while, but I didn't realize quite how bad it had become until a couple of weeks ago when I had time to re-engage in the project. Since then I've switched us over to an automated Email tracking system so that at the very least I'd know that every email coming in had an owner and was getting dealt with - we're still working through a few teething issues (e.g., "Yes - you do need to send an acknowledgement email for every change of address") but we're getting there. Secondly, there are a few things that simply should not have happened: 1) Indicating that we were almost finished sending out the I.V promo packs to Rubble Backers when actually we weren't even planning to start until the rest of the promotional items (including Plato 3000) arrived. The false information got out due to a stupid internal miscommunication - stuff happens - but we should have done a much better job of correcting the misunderstanding once we realized what had occurred. 2) Our original schedule which had the Origins sets arriving in the US before the Advanced shipping games. Fortunately you guys spotted it before the shipment had been picked up so we were able to correct the issue - huge thank you to Chris Lacota, especially - but the initial plan was poorly thought out, sorry. I also recognize that we're badly overdue with an update to stores and distributors - with Jeremiah and the team heads down getting ready for Origins I've not wanted to push the issue up to now - we'll aim to get specific information out sometime next week. FINALLY I've hinted I have some ideas about ways to make up for dropping the ball on this stuff over the past couple of months. It's certainly not the only thing I have in mind, but one thing I do intend to do - once the games are shipped and the dust has settled a little - is facilitate an open "Lessons Learned" session on BoardGameGeek, including the whole Cambridge Games Factory team to make sure your feedback is heard and acted upon. Thank you for your patience - we've never produced anything of close to this quality before so I'm really looking forward to hearing what you guys think of the games now that we're starting to get them into backers' hands! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea Firstly, I need to give a huge, HUGE thank you to Betty Xu over in Shanghai who just did two things: 1) Confirmed that the Advances / Origins copies have been picked up - and will be in Michigan (with Jeremiah) and Amsterdam (with me) by Tuesday of next week. 2) Accepted the role of Production Director to make sure our print runs go much more smoothly going forwards I don't think I need to tell anyone that production has been a "development opportunity" at Cambridge Games Factory for a while. I'm really looking forward to working with Betty to get it fixed! ADVANCED COPIES United States, Canada, Latin America: Jeremiah is aiming to mail the advanced shipment games out on Wednesday (May 30th) before he leaves for Origins. His schedule is extremely tight, though so it's not certain that he'll get all of the games out in time - any not sent by then will be mailed after he gets back from Origins. Worst case, all sets will be sent by the middle of the following week (June 6th). Europe, Middle East, Africa: Ed will mail out the advanced shipments by the end of next week (June 1st) Asia, Australia and New Zealand: Now that the air shipments to Europe and America have left Betty and I are starting to plan the local distribution. Provisionally, we're aiming to get the advanced copies shipped by the end of next week (June 1st) but that could slip by a few days once we finalize arrangements. RUBBLE / THINKER BACKERS Your packs will be sent out from Boston once the 'main' Airshipment arrives (the one where we didn't spend an extra $1000 to ship in 2 days instead of 5!) - current estimate is that they'll go out by June 8th, although that could slip by a few days if we get held up in customs. MAIN RELEASE I am delighted to announce that Christopher Rao has agreed to take on the role of Release Director, responsible for both making sure that our games get to market after they're produced and ensuring they are properly marketed when they do. Right now he's talking to our shipping agents to arrange the main pick ups for both Europe and America - we'll have details next week - but back of the envelope this should have the games arriving with us at the end of June, and getting sent out to you in the first and second weeks of July. PROMO ITEM PACKS The games themselves are heavy, while the promo items are complicated (who came up with the idea for all those choices!?!) so we're splitting up the collation / distribution process. Most of you won't notice any difference but Advanced shippers and shipments to Asia, Australia and New Zealand will come in two parts - you'll receive Glory To Rome, Plato 3000 and the BlackBox Promo cards first, followed by a second shipment with risers, mini-camps, I.V Promo cards, etc. T-SHIRTS It's a long, long time since I last printed a T-Shirt - who knew that Girls' T-Shirts are cut differently from guys? Right now we have only one request for a woman's T-shirt size - if you'd like to switch please let us know as soon as possible by emailing <email> - we've printed enough of both but Jeremiah is going to be sending out the American T-Shirts with the advanced shipments, so they'll be leaving in a couple of days. Also, these T-Shirts were never intended as a Kickstarter exclusive so we're going to be selling them at Origins ($17 each) - if you'd like to add one to your Kickstarter order just let us know and we'll be happy to include it. AND FINALLY... Sorry the last update was short on specifics. We knew we had to get a status update out, but at the same time our first priority was making sure the games actually got to Origins as promised and so I was more focused about making sure that the printers knew exactly what was going on than you guys. Also, to explain my own situation a little better: Cambridge Games Factory has several full-time employees, but I am not one of them - right now I'm taking a couple of weeks off between projects to get things moving, but once the team have found their way again I will need to get back to my "real" work - I love running a games company, but it certainly doesn't pay my mortgage. I'm happy to make amends in all sorts of ways (e.g., Plato 3000, better card stock, $1000's in extra shipping fees, etc.) but my livelihood depends on my ability to keep my consulting customers happy, so when the chips are down I have to put them first. I'm sorry that some of you find that disrespectful - but not so sorry that I'm willing to lose my house over it. On the other hand I do recognize that we're way behind on expectations, and that we still have ground to make up. I already have a couple of ideas about how to do that which I think you'll like - but lets talk about them after we've started getting games into your hands! Cheers Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea It's not what you don't know that kills you, it's what you know for sure that ain't true. (Mark Twain) After a rocky period, I completed my "real job" project here in Amsterdam about a week ago and so I have some dedicated time to get things moving again while I seek out my next assignment. An immediate first step has been to switch our weekly team meeting to a daily one; we're structuring it as an Agile "Scrum" to help get blocking issues surfaced and fixed more quickly. I also finalized the shipping plan / quantities over the weekend, including identifying 28 separate shipment / distribution locations. The next urgent task is getting games available for Origins pick up, as promised in the last update. Note that since we're not going to be selling copies there ourselves this is going to be a very small shipment - if you are hoping to collect there and haven't told us yet, please confirm ASAP to reserve your copy. Also on the list for this week is rescheduling the main air / sea shipments so we can get the the games out of the factory - the original dates we were working to slipped because we didn't get our quantities / paperwork finalized in time . I'm as disappointed as everyone else that the games are still sitting in Shanghai right now - they won't be there much longer, promise! Sincerely, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea FOR THOSE WHO CARE In 'real life' I'm an independent consultant / project lead, which means that I live (and / or die) on my ability to deliver as promised and on time. Not doing well here, I know... When I got on the plane to Shanghai at the end of February I was winding up one project with a firm lead on an E-Commerce project that would have kept me in work through July. I knew we were behind with arranging shipments, etc. but I had a full week scheduled to work on Cambridge Games Factory to get caught up - what could possibly go wrong? Well, all sorts of things, as it happens. My project 'exploded' as soon as I left so that I ended up spending most of my time in Shanghai working a European day to get things back under control. Fortunately this was my second project with the team and after being burnt almost exactly the same way on the first project I'd anticipated the risks and written them into the project proposal / charter so I was stuck with a couple of frantic weeks getting caught up after which I should (I believed) be able to pick up the pieces of the Shanghai trip and finish planning and scheduling the shipments, order fulfillment, etc. So far so good. By late March my project was winding down again and I was ready to get back onto the games company. As a stroke of luck, a new Chinese friend was not only an Import / Export specialist but also finishing her contract in a few days and very happy to help out while she looked for a permanent position. Perfect! And then... Words you do not want to hear the day you start User Acceptance Testing a new website - "Oh, that load function is broken. It's a known bug" Not known by me, unfortunately. I'd just spent three months of my life planning and crafting a data pipeline to hit an existing load template precisely to avoid time consuming changes to the main website. Now I was stuck working on a major bug anyway, discovered so late that it threw the project back into catch up mode, incurring repeated delays to starting User Testing as we struggled to identify and fix the root causes. The worst is that with a couple of hours testing the existing functionality back in January the issue would have been on my radar from the beginning. Lessons for next time... A more pleasant set-back was that my Chinese Import / Export friend landed a new job less than a week after finishing her old one. Great for her, but rather got in the way of having her take on planning our shipments, etc.! If you'd like to pick up your game at Origins Game Fair in Columbus, Ohio, send me an email with your email, backer username, and your name. Make the subject line "Origins Pickup". <email> If you're going to have a friend pick it up, let me know their full name, in the email you send. People that paid for advanced shipment will get theirs before Origins. Other backers can sign up to pick it up at Origins. We'll make sure we get enough for every backer intending to go to Origins, not first-come first-served. I expect we will have all the backer extras for people picking up their games at Origins. Best, Jeremiah Some glorious news, we're excited to share. 1) Plane for advanced shipping orders leaves next week. 2) Boat for regular shipping leaves next week (though they've let us know that it's possible that it'll leave some days later, pending the boat filling up). The games have been printed, and this is the earliest we could get the arrangements together for shipment out of China. 3) Advanced shipping orders are planned to arrive in May. 4) We will have copies to give to backers going to Origins Game Fair (May 30-June 3, 2012) will be able to pick up their copies. We'll also have a copy to demo. We will not have any available for sale. 5) Pending boat vs. ocean, and then customs, we expect games to be arriving at your doors in the summer. Best, Jeremiah Things at the 'factory' have really taken off. The ship containing Barons and Pala arrived from China, went through customs, and was dropped onto the tables at the CGF headquarters, ready to be assembled. If you haven't taken the time to check out Barons, you should. There's a lot of great fun to be found in Barons, especially for you, since you like GtR so much. This game had a big impact with a limited release, and with the game landing on local game store shelves already, we know it'll find a lot of tabletops really soon. Here's a view of the factory, getting chips ready to go into Pala. Ed is in Shanghai checking out the final processes, and to getting ready to get the games onto the ships headed for you. It's really exciting to be at this point! You asked for pictures of some of the bonus items, so here they are: * The Black Box version of the Republic cards * The GtR IV version of the Promo cards * The GtR Badge! The GtR Black Box T-Shirt Plato 3000 The game is coming with your copy of GtR, fine-upstanding-GtR-Kickstarter-supporter. There have been some questions about this, and I just wanted to make it clear. We're giving you a copy of Plato 3000 (formerly Utopian Rummy on BGG), because we think you're special, we think you'll like it, and we messed up on some earlier things and we'd like to make it up to you. Best, Jeremiah Lee Commercial Director, North America Cambridge Games Factory CGF is headed to China on February 28th to check out the final product, and to bring back suitcases full of games for those of you getting advanced shipping. It's really exciting, and a lot of work has gone into making this happen. I'm really excited to be part of it with you. While there, Ed and crew are going to make sure the games get on the boats (one to North America, and one to Europe, with other orders going out from China). We've just shipped Barons and Pala across the ocean without issue, and they're being assembled and sent out to your favorite game stores already. With this experience, we're feeling good about getting GtR:Black Box moved around the world and onto your gaming table. We're really excited to share some of the artwork for your bonus game too. Images of Plato 3000 are on BoardGameGeek.com right now , and here are two of them, head over to BGG to see another : Thanks so much to our artist Steven Bagatzky for the great visuals. Best, Jeremiah Commercial Director, North America Cambridge Games Factory YES! We'd love to see your game idea. We're moving closer. The proofs came back a little while ago, and they looked great, so we're one step closer to having the games in your hands. Pictures are on BGG: <url>’d love to see your game idea Sorry guys. SHORT VERSION HERE. I received this email a couple of days ago. It seems like a pretty good summary of the rather obvious question right now: &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Hi, Please can you take the time to let us all know the situation with GtR. I don't think that it's a great mental leap to assume that from the 'radio silence' the game won't be arriving on schedule - it's pretty easy to write an update to say 'Printing's done, games are shipping shortly' - so I can only assume you're worried about the response to any further delay. Speaking for myself, I'm fine with it if there is a further delay ( I work in printing, I know these things happen ), I'd just appreciate it if you could give us an idea of how much longer we'll have to wait for the game. Please don't take this as too critical - I'm just an excited gamer looking forward eagerly to a new great game! Thanks, Jim &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; As you can imagine, I’m pretty disappointed to be posting this update. In the run up to Christmas I knew things weren’t progressing as fast as I (or you!) would have liked but a couple of major deadlines in my day job meant that I didn’t have time to step in, find out what was going wrong and fix the issues. To explain a little further, in “real” life I’m an independent consultant which means that my job security is entirely based on my ability to deliver on my promises – making sure my projects achieve their objectives in the agreed time-line. Ironic, I know, given our performance so far on this project. Like I said, sorry guys. So, What Happened? Do not yield to misfortunes, but advance more boldly to meet them, as your fortune permits you. Virgil I’ve never had much time for a working style that I think of as Three Envelopes management. It’s tough to build team spirit if some members are too focused on making sure they are not blamed if things go wrong, especially when that extra investment is probably precisely what the team needs to ensure the project succeeds. So. We messed up. And it’s my company, so it’s my fault. I’d hoped that a couple of days concerted effort between Christmas and New Year would have been enough to get us back onto the right track but it ended up taking a bit longer to unravel exactly what happened, why it happened and – most importantly – what we are going to do to make sure it doesn’t happen anymore. After wading through the “He said, she said” stuff, I do now have a pretty good picture of what went wrong this time around. We submitted artwork a couple of months ago but the printer had questions about the file and because of a mix up on our end we missed them completely. It basically comes down to me delegating tasks to people who didn’t exactly know what I was expecting, and then not staying on top of ensuring that critical steps were actually getting done as planned. The good news is both that I am back in the loop again now, and the team have a better sense that they need to escalate issues if we start running into trouble. Still, “Will do better in future” is not much comfort right now and short of inventing a time machine (Rob – any progress?) we’re not going to come close to even the revised date we gave you, so we’ve come up with a couple of extra bonuses by way of an apology. Glory To Rome Black Box This is certainly not the timeline we were expecting when we started this project, and also not a level of service I’d be happy with our team providing going forwards, but the current status is as follows: The Blackbox artwork is now submitted, the printer has approved the files. We’ve also got approval on final specifications. The printer is now working on preproduction (converting the files to make them printable in a four color process printer). We’ve been promised digital proofs by January 15th so we can approve them before the Chinese New Year holiday. Actual printing won’t start until after the holiday, which means the made up games won’t be ready in Shanghai until late February / early March – which will have advanced copies arriving in late March and the main shipment arriving in late April (yes, I know. YUCK). Either Christopher Rao (CGF Production Director) or I will go back to Shanghai when the games are finally ready to make sure they’ve come out OK, and also sort out the international shipments, etc. Rubble Expansions were printed in October, but only got picked up for shipment in late December. They’ll be arriving in our factory in the last week of January, and will be shipped out at the beginning of February. For those of you who requested free shipping to a local game store, we’ve now contacted almost all of the stores on the list and the vast majority of them are extremely happy to help out. In the few cases where they did not want to participate we’ll be in contact with you to make other arrangements (at no cost to you!). We have now also submitted the Geekbadge list – you should be receiving it in your geek account in the next few days. These have been done based on the information we received in the Kickstarter survey so if you’re missing your badge after they get issued, please let us know and we’ll investigate. As compensation for the delay, we’re going to be providing two additional bonuses to both Kickstarter backers and other pre-orderers: Insanely expensive Heiko quality cardstock. When we were at the printers back in October, Heiko fell in love with the best quality card stock they had available. The printer kept trying to persuade us to try something different, and the reason became clear when the pricing came back – it increased the printing cost per game by 20%. I originally vetoed it and went with the stock I’d originally requested, but we’ve now upgraded the entire first print run to the better quality cardstock. Free Copy of PLATO 3000 by Sheamus Parkes . Every Blackbox kickstarter backer / preorder will also receive a free copy of PLATO 3000 – a revised edition of Utopian Rummy that we will be publishing in the next couple of months. Finally, I know there have been concerns about Kickstarter backers receiving their games later than people who simply waited for the game to be available for purchase. We certainly have plans to offer more “Blackbox” kickstarter projects in the future (e.g. Zombie in My Pocket) so we certainly don’t want to have that happen for CGF projects. For this reason, back in August I made this commitment: For as long as I am Managing Director, Cambridge Games Factory will never, ever sell advanced copies of any Kickstarter game at any convention without offering Kickstarter backers (and any other consumer pre-orderers) the option of free pick up at that convention. Details HERE . It is hard to be quite so categorical on shipping games to Kickstarter backers versus stores and distributors but as an initial target, I’d like to propose the following: I n each country we will aim to get all Kickstarter backer orders sent out within 2 weeks of the first order sent to any store or distributor in that country. Does that sound reasonable? The issue here is that hundreds (thousands!) of individual orders are much more complicated to send out than a few big ones, meaning that we can quickly clear the warehouse space to be able to work through the packing and sending of all the individual orders. Other Games Unfortunately, the delays with Blackbox have also impacted other games we’ve published recently. And while I’m currently very confident that we’ll be able to ship the Blackbox sets by late February early March, as planned, our track record here is poor enough that I’m not willing to hold up production for the other games anymore. Current Status is: Barons Reprint / Pala – on the water, arriving in Boston Jan 23rd. Will be shipping in early February Quills / Montana – partially printed, but we still have a few components to print, which we were originally planning to ship with the Blackbox games. We’ve just sent the “Go” to the printer and they should be on the water by early Feb, arriving in Boston early March and on the market in late March. Plato 3000 – we hire an artist a few weeks ago and are still finalizing artwork; right now it’s looking like it will make the Quills / Montana boat for release in March; if not it will ship with Blackbox and be released in April. And Finally A huge win for us this week was finally closing the deal with Alliance (the largest US Distributor) – this will make it much, much easier for local game stores to buy our games; it’s a measure of really having “arrived” as a company. That – for all sorts of reasons – it took us almost a year for us to complete a conversation to sign up the largest prospective customer in our industry is a measure of the poor performance we had last year. And yet, I feel gratified that we have progressed from “Don Qixote” in 2010 to “Keystone Cops” in 2011 – I’m not convinced that we’ll make it to “A-Team” in 2012, but I am confident that we are on a path that will get us there eventually. Sorry again, and thank you for your patience! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We’d love to see your game idea Wow, Cambridge Games Factory has been busy getting things ready for Glory to Rome. After our trip to Shanghai , we went to Essen's Speiltag International, where Heiko, Wake, and Jeremiah showed off the great new releases from CGF ( Pala , Montana , &amp; Quills ), as well as Heiko's hand-built copy of Glory to Rome : Black Box. We had the chance to talk to lots of great Kickstarter supporters, and hand out some of the promotional items. Thanks to everyone that stopped by. After Essen we had a couple of smaller conventions to attend, and gamers are really loving the new CGF games. Thanks, again, to everyone that had the chance to stop by and say hello. We love to meet the gamers that love the games we make for you! Glory to Rome is, as most of you know by now, expected to be to you in January. We're staying on top of the production, to make sure you get the perfect copy of Glory to Rome. If anything changes on your end (especially your shipping address), let us know. If you have friends that missed the Kickstarter campaign, send them to their local game store. Game stores need to know you want the games in order to get them to place orders. There are already a lot of stores signed up, but we're always happy to support your local game store. Thanks for being dedicated to this project, and to this fantastic game. We're really excited with the way things are progressing, and we're looking forward to playing the game with you, and hearing about how your gaming group likes the new design. Best, Jeremiah Lee Commercial Director (North America) Cambridge Games Factory YES! We'd love to see your game idea! Hi there, Heiko, Christopher and I are just winding up our trip here in Shanghai and while we achieved a lot while we were here there's one piece of news that's rather embarrassing - the printer we're using doesn't speak English and due to a couple of unfortunate mistranslations it turns out that they hadn't started the production process. This was completely my fault - I'm used to working with printers who can turn stuff around extremely quickly, so I confused the "sample" time with the actual production schedule. I guess "top quality" takes a little longer! To explain a little further, this is the first time we've worked with an actual game manufacturer rather than getting components printed / sourced separately and assembling ourselves - hence my not immediately assuming that the short timelines we were given were unrealistic. We are in the process of getting a revised quote / timeline and I will post a more detailed update once we have that information. Worse, I'm afraid this also means a slight delays in our other Essen releases (Pala, Montana, Quills) since we were expecting them to be printed on the same timeline, although for these games we're able to move much more quickly since we've switched printing back to our non-Black Box printer - we completed prepress for them yesterday night, but with only a week to go it doesn't give quite enough time to get the games to the stand. The games are on there way though, and we will have final artwork, digitally printed prototypes to show you what to expect. That said, the other (non printed) promo items are still on track - I'm wearing my GTR badge right now - so if you are going to be there we'd love to hand out Kickstarter "goodies" to anyone who is there; and obviously we'll come up with another way to get games to people who signed up for Essen pick up - details to come. I don't want to second guess the revised schedule until I see it, but from our meeting my suspicion is that Advanced shipping and Asian copies will still make it out before Christmas; Europe / North America by sea copies are probably going to be in January now - sorry guys! One piece of good news is that in addition to the other games, we've also switched the "Award Losing" version of the promo cards / Republican expansion to the quick printer, and since there's minimal assembly we are intending to airship some decks (along with Barons) to Essen so that they will be available at the stand. Have to run for my flight - will try to provide more info when I land back in Amsterdam this evening. Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea Depending on what time you're reading this update, your cards could be rolling off presses at the same time. What started out as a grand idea is reality. You demanded beauty, and we've been working to make it happen. It's happening now. A team of CGF leaders are headed to Shanghai soon. We're going to make sure the demands are met, with quality components being such an important part of this. We're committed to making this dream, your dream and our dream, become cards in your hands. The games will be shipping all over the world soon. If you haven't already had the chance to read " Glory to Rome Black Box Around the World ", head over to BGG and find out why Singapore, Iceland, and New Zealand might just be the most "Glorious" countries around. What goes well with a brand new copy of Glory to Rome? A new Rome Demands Beauty T-Shirt for all the qualifying supporters. I'm excited to see you wearing your shirt at Essen (visit us at booth 4-231), at GenCon, and at your local game conventions. We'd love to see pictures. BUYING THE GAME We've had a lot of requests for news on how to purchase the game with the Kickstarter campaign over. Glory to Rome Black Box Edition will be available at fine game stores near you. We're already talking to stores and offering them great promotional deals. The best way for you to make sure this part happens is to stop by and ask your local game store to carry Glory to Rome Black Box Edition. The more they hear about the game, the more they'll order, and CGF will get the support it needs to publish more great games. WHAT'S NEXT Ed announced it already, but this is the first time I get to publicly talk about Zombie in my Pocket being the next Kickstarter campaign from CGF. As the designer of ZimP, I'm so excited. The chance to have this little dream of mine go from a hand-drawn print and play game to a full-scale production with Heiko's amazing art direction is wonderful. ZimP has been a community project since it's release on BGG in 2007. You created variants, scenarios, upgrades, and completely new games based on the system. It makes absolute sense to have ZimP jump into Kickstarter. ZimP has a community of players already dedicated to the game and now we're going to break it into a new community. Thanks again. Thanks to all of you. Best, Jeremiah Lee Marketing Director Cambridge Games Factory YES! We'd love to see your game idea! Hi there, A quick update - I just started a new assignment in Amsterdam a few weeks ago, but before I left I promoted one of the factory team to "Office Manager" and trained her to take over the Kickstarter communications, etc. Unfortunately she went out sick the day I left (we haven't seen her since) and we had another team member quit at the same time; not good news at precisely the moment I was both 3,000 miles away and heads down in catch up work on my day job. PRINT UPDATE We are still finalizing arrangements / timing but Heiko, Christopher and myself will be in Shanghai for the weekend of October 8th - our aim is to review the final printing then and also sort the badges, promo cards, plastic feet, etc. into individual sets for each backer - with pick up the following week and so the games arriving in stores in both US and Europe in late November / early December - this time line is still going to get us an air shipment in time for Essen pick up, although it is now starting to get extremely tight. Good news on the badge (not printed) - we're extremely happy with how it came out! NEXT STEPS As I mentioned I am back in Amsterdam and my project is running well so I do also have a few hours per day for Cambridge Games Factory, but I'm certainly not in a position to work on games anything close to full time right now. Thankfully, Jeremiah Lee (CGF Marketing Director) has agreed to step in and take over running the Kickstarter communications - he will be answering emails going forwards and also posting updates here to keep you guys up to speed with our progress. Right now Jeremiah is working through the survey responses, preparing our plan to contact stores, updating the sheet with all the "please can I change X" edits and generally getting this show on the road. This whole process has been an incredible experience for me - especially getting to live a few short weeks where managing the games company was truly more important than keeping up with my "day" job - but going forwards I know I can give you much better service by handing over the reins, especially to someone as committed and capable as Jeremiah! I also want to thank Christopher Rao and my brother, Wakefield, for the BoardGameGeek updates they have been providing over the past couple of weeks - as well as Amber Ying who has now taked over as Operations Manager, with reponsibililty for our assembly team. QUICK ANNOUNCEMENT We haven't finalized timing yet, but we have decided that our next "Black Box" project will be ZOMBIE IN MY POCKET (by Jeremiah Lee). Our game is a semi-cooperative, multi-player version of Jeremiah's award winning print and play game - with a vicious set of prisoners dilema rules, carefully crafted to reward well timed betrayal. This is one of my favorite games in our assortment - I love how it combines 15 minute diplomacy with an addictive story narrative that keeps me wanting to play. Check out this FREE DOWNLOAD of the solo game if you'd like to find out more. By the way, one huge benefit of being in Amsterdam right now is that I am definitely going to get to join the team at Essen this year - really looking forward to meeting many of you there! Thanks again and sorry for the gap since the last update - with Jeremiah on the case we'll keep you much better informed going forwards. Cheers, Ed CarterManaging DirectorCambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea These have been an incredible few weeks. Like most of you, this is my first time on Kickstarter, so I really didn’t know how this process would turn out although I guess it was a clue how things would turn out when I finished writing the original Kickstarter announcement and saw we had already received several thousand dollars in pledges! I knew that this new edition would be popular with people holding out for better art (well… most of them) but was worried that would turn out to be a few hundred people willing to pay $35 for the new set, not over a thousand! WHAT’S NEXT We will shortly send you a survey asking for your shipping information, promotional choices, etc. At the same time, Heiko is now back from vacation and is finalizing the rulebook and other artwork for the Black Box edition, while www.clipart.com and I need to spend a few hours putting together the new I.V promotional cards – we will post samples as they’re available. Our immediate need is to get your final promotional choices so we can finish planning the print run so please respond to the survey as quickly as possible once it reaches you. We also need to work out where we’re sending all these games so that we can plan our shipping strategy and get details for the stores where you want to pick up at so we can get stuck into contacting them to confirm. Note that we intend to have games available for collection at both ESSEN and BGG.CON, but to manage the process effectively we really need to know in advance if you wish to collect your game at either convention – we’ll include this as an option in the Backer’s Survey. Thank you all for your support! It looks like Heiko and I will be meeting in Shanghai next month when we check the final games and make sure the promo sets are assembled correctly – I can’t wait to get my hands on my Glory To Rome Black Box set! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We’d love to see your game idea We are now into the last few hours of the Kickstarter project and we just broke $71,000! The most recent prize winners are: $64,000 - Vincit Sweden $65,000 - NightmareFuel (Twitter) $66,000 - yossarians (Twitter) $67,000 - Jeremy Fridy $68,000 - Rusty_Lantern (Twitter) $69,000 - Carlo Sobrevinas $70,000 - Geoffrey Stilwell $71,000 - Jeff Paul We've now created a complete list of prize winners on BoardGameeGeek What's in it for Stores? We have a number of benefits planned for stores who agree to receive games for us, but the biggest answer is actually "Free Shipping" - we'll be offering these stores the chance to buy copies of Glory To Rome Black Box and get them shipped to their store for free without needing to meet our usual minimum shipping costs. In addition, once the Kickstarter project completes we (Cambridge Games Factory) are going to stop taking additional pre-orders, while we will be promoting all of the stores who have agreed to receive games as an option for pre-orders. The end of the beginning... THANK YOU! I've been humbled, even a little shocked by the scale of the response to the Glory To Rome, Black Box - I certainly understand that creating a tidal wave of pent up demand by responding to clear customer demand several years late is neither smart nor sustainable, so while I do envisage Cambridge Games Factory running more Kickstarter projects in the future, I certainly don't expect our next projects will be at a similar scale. This has already been an incredible experience, but while the Kickstarter funding phase is about to complete, the work for Glory To Rome Black Box is only just beginning. In particular, I will be flying back to Shanghai along with several members of the CGF leadership team to help make sure that your games get shipped out properly. Cheers, Ed CarterManaging DirectorCambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea I ROLLED SOME DICE and so have some winners to announce: $60,000 PRIZES 1) Advanced copy of new "SILVER" game once it is published by Cambridge Games Factory, signed by the author (Reiner Knizia) Joaquin Mejia, Kristian Grossman-Madsen, Geoffrey Stilwell, Kafka0622 (Twitter), Melody Case, _dalai_ (Twitter) 2) Advanced copy of new "GARDEN" game once it is published by Cambridge Games Factory, signed by the author (Reiner Knizia) Jesse Miller, gmar79 (Twitter), Adam Hennebeck, jeffanhder (Twitter), Kate Tryovac, Joyce Lam Neither of these games are going to be ready before Essen and we're going to be pretty busy over the next couple of months so not much more to share right now - one is a card game version of an existing Top 501 game on BoardGameGeek , the other is a brand new filler / family game that we're excited to be ranging next to North Pole by Christopher Rao From $61,000 to $75,000 We're going to do a sweepstake draw every $1,000K to give one choice of Heiko's limited edition poster, a personal letter of apology from me, or a copy of one of the international editions of the game (so up to 15 prizes total). At $75,000 we will also offer a one person "Factory Worker" flights + hotel trip to Shanghai for the weekend of Sept 17th including visiting the printer to help with checking the final versions, assembling the promo packs, etc. I will work out the specifics if it looks like we're getting close. Entries can be made by either Following cambridgegames on Twitter or Registering for our newsletter on www.cambridgegames.com - entry is independent, so if you do both then you will receive two chances to win. Also existing followers / newsletter subscribers are already entered. Judges decision is final (I'm the judge). We reserve the right to modify the competition in any way (including cancelling it completely) if something comes up. Cambridge Games Factory employees and directors are not eligible. $61,000 PRIZE: saltaprime (Twitter) $62,000 PRIZE: Jason Elliott $63,000 PRIZE: C3NTURY (Twitter) Promo Cards We've now picked the FINAL CARDS for the promotional set. If you have time we'd love to get your help playtesting them! CASTRA (Rubble) - Think at end of round in which you lost at least one card from hand to a Legionary. DOMUS (Wood) - Upon Completion: Perform one Patron action CASTRA PRAETORIA (Brick) - You may show an incomplete building to demand with a Legionary. Upon Completion: May put the material from this building into your clientele. WATERMILL (Brick) - In Addition: After you lead or follow a Laborer, trigger all of your Architect clients. CLEPSYDRA (Concrete) - When you complete a building using Architect, you may move 1 material from the building into your stockpile. This may immediately apply to Clepsydra. AERIUM (Concrete) - Use the highest influence among players when determining vault and client limits. QUINQUENNIAL NERONIA (Stone) - Upon Completion: Reveal cards of the deck equal to your influence. You may put one into each of the following locations: your vault, your stockpile, your clientele, begin as a foundation on an in-town site, add as material to an incomplete building. Leftovers go to your hand. STATIO VIGILUM (Stone) - You may use a Craftsman action to tear down one of your complete buildings. Add its material and foundation to your stockpile. Add a matching out-of-town site to your influence, if able. TRICLINIUM (Marble) - In Addition: At the end of turn in which you lead or followed a role, may put any or all of your matching clients into Vault. PLEBIAN COUNCIL (Marble) - If there are more total Laborer clients than Legionary Clients, and you have more Laborer clients than any other player, then you immediately win the game. Huge thank you everyone who participated in this process! Fourteen people contributed to the final 10 cards and may receive either an extra copy of the game or advanced shipping: Thibaut Palfer-Sollier (tublefou) – 6 cards Anthony Boydell (tonyboydell) – 4 cards Chris (darthnice) - 3 cards Simon (earlyworm) – 3 cards Randall Bart (Barticus88) – 2 cards Dany Majard (sevem) – 2 cards Daniel Hammond (dlhammond) Hanibal Sonderegger (hanibalicious) KAndrw (KAndrw) Mont A.(Typhon) Scott Seifert (golden_cow2) spacedogg (spacedogg) Tim Seitz (out4blood) Tiwaz Tyrsfist (TiwazTyrsfist) Special mention to Thibaut, Tony, Chris and Simon - each contributed to at least 3 cards and between them they influenced EVERY card in the set! As an extra thank you each will receive a set of our 2011 releases (same offer as the $35,000 prize). 6 HOURS TO GO If you haven’t already checked it out, FLASH POINT: FIRE RESCUE is well worth a look! The project is closing in a few hours and I just got my pledge in; I don't normally go for co-operative games but really like the Smoke =&gt; Fire mechanism they’ve come up with. I can really see this being a great game to play with my Nieces and Nephews over Christmas. INDIE BOARDS AND CARDS are a great new company - we shared a stall with them at Gen Con - love their stuff! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea I have a 7AM call I'm still finishing up preparing for so I don't have time to do the $60K drawing until tomorrow morning, but I'm excited about what we've got coming next so wanted to get a quick update out right now. From $61,000 to $75,000 we're going to do a sweepstake draw every $1,000K to give one choice of Heiko's limited edition poster, a personal letter of apology from me, or a copy of one of the international editions of the game (so up to 15 prizes total). I'm really not convinced that we're going to get to $75,000 but if we do then it's going to be another HUGE milestone - these are the rewards we're offering: 1) Another promo choice for everybody. I'm running out of ideas so am open to suggestions for what this should be - so far my best idea is a compact mini-box to go with the travel camp sets! 2) A one person "Factory Worker" flights + hotel trip to Shanghai for the weekend of Sept 17th including visiting the printer to help with checking the final versions, assembling the promo packs, etc. I will work out the specifics if it looks like we're getting close. One note, though, is that while I have no problem with the winner transfering this prize to a friend or family member it is a pretty huge prize for a company of our size so if the winner isn't able to use it then we'd like to auction it on Ebay and donate the money to a charity of the winner's choice rather than have the winner sell it on at a profit. I will post more detailed rules for both sweepstakes tomrrow (including I'm the judge and can change the rules / prizes at will type stuff) but the entry process is the same as before - Follow us on Twitter or Register for our Newsletter - so if you already entered the $60K sweepstake then you're included in the new ones too! I'd better get back to work - thank you ALL for the incredible support! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea We've been adding a lot of promo choices over the past few tiers so next up is a sweepstake. There are going to be 12 prizes which we are extremely excited about - here is a CLUE and there are more details in UPDATE #6 (Backers Only). Note that we have revise the entry process since it turns out that "Thumb to Enter" competitions are rather discouraged on BoardGameGeek. These new rules replace those original terms and I'm afraid any entries made on the original thread have been deleted - I don't have access to the list and so you'll need to re-enter to get included. Competition Rules The prizes will be allocated randomly based on entries we receive on the linked thread before midnight EST on the day the Kickstarter thread hits $60K, or at the end of the Kickstarter program, whichever comes first. Entries can be made in one of two ways: 1) Follow cambridgegames on Twitter 2) Register for our newsletter on www.cambridgegames.com Each entry is independent, so if you do both then you will receive two chances to win. Judges decision is final (I'm the judge). We reserve the right to modify the competition in any way (including cancelling it completely) if something comes up. Cambridge Games Factory employees and directors are not eligible. Racing Onwards We are now just over half way through and the commitments are continuing to stream in - thank you all for your pledges! One quick heads up - we are now at 23 CONCRETE pledges and 21 STONE pledges. When I offered rulebook credits to the first thirty CONCRETE / STONE pledges I was really just picking a high number I didn't think we'd come close to hitting, but I guess we're getting very close now! Thank you all for making this project such an incredible success! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea This target is a big one - it will make Glory To Rome Black Box the most successful Board / Card Game Kickstarter project so far! Sounds like a reason to celebrate! Firstly, a serious benefit for everyone - if we hit this tier we will expand the Promo Cards to include 10 different buildings (36 cards) instead of 6 buildings (18 cards). By the way, THESE CARDS are the ones we're proposing - there's still time to vote for your favorite! Secondly, another across the board benefit - everyone will get a boardgamegeek microbadge! These are exclusive, not for sale items that will be awarded based on your tier. Art to follow once Heiko gets back from vacation! Thirdly, we are also including two additional promotional choices: 1) Limited edition badge (with pin) 2) Limited edition badge (no pin - use as leader token) 3) "BLACK BOX" promotional cards (18 total) 4) "I.V" Republic / Promotional Cards - Merchant Bonus Cards, Republic Conversion, Promotional Cards (39 total) 5) Player Mat "risers" - probably clear plastic feet 6) "Travel" version of the player camp - probably 3.5" x 2.5" Tile thickness Since this is Glory To Rome, there's quite a DEBATE GOING ON about exactly what options we should use for these two new items - we'd love to hear your opinion! Finally, If we hit $48,379 then everyone will gets two additional promo choices - so the new levels will be: • Three choice if your first pledge is August 9th or later • Four choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $40,000 (August 8th) • Five choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $25,000 (August 3rd) • Extra choices can be purchased for an additional $5 pledge Thank you all for your pledges and support - we always believed that this new edition of Glory To Rome would be popular but to have reached almost a thousand pledges in only 9 days has been an amazing experience! By the way, our business model is to always be on the look out for new designers, so if you have a game idea you'd like us to take a look at, please take a look at our SUBMISSION GUIDELINES . Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea We passed $35,000 this morning and the seven winners are: 1) Brian Winkleblech 2) Charlie Reif 3) Ian Gregory 4) Jason (MERCHANT) 5) Jeff Wiles 6) John Morrow 7) Rick Byrens You will each receive a full set of our 2011 New Releases with your games including Barons , North Pole and Hot Potato along with the three new games we are working on for ESSEN ( Quills , Pala , Montana ) as long as they don't hit production delays. Next Stop $40,000! Once we hit $40,000 we are going to expand our promotional items lists as follows: 1) Limited edition badge (with pin) 2) Limited edition badge (no pin - use as leader token) 3) "BLACK BOX" promotional cards (18 total) 4) "I.V" Republic / Promotional Cards - Merchant Bonus Cards, Republic Conversion, Promotional Cards (39 total) Each backer who qualifies for a limited edition badge will receive the following picks: • One choice automatically (instead of limited edition badge) • Extra choice if your first pledge was before midnight EST on August 3rd • Extra choice if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we hit $40,000 • Extra choices can be purchased for an additional $5 pledge RUBBLE ANYONE? If you have played the current version of Glory To Rome you'll know that there are six different materials - RUBBLE, WOOD, BRICK, CONCRETE, STONE, MARBLE. With the requests that have been coming in we'd set up tiers for most of these but I realized that RUBBLE was still missing. The questions was what to include on this reward tier. I wanted it to be less than WOOD, so it couldn't be a full game; then I realised that at some point we'd need to create the REPUBLIC and PROMO cards for the regular edition, and thought "why not now?". Also, with Heiko chasing me off the creative team, I'd love to have one last chance to demonstrate my "Award Losing" graphic design skills before finally hanging up my mouse and closing down INDESIGN for the last time. Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea Wow is getting kind of redundant but after four days the pledges are continuing to stream in - we are already only $2,500 from hitting the $35,000 tier and picking 7 lucky winners to receive a complete set of our 2011 new releases. At this point I'd love to hear some ideas for new tiers, although I do still have a couple of tricks up my sleeve - for example a big part of my plan for $45K (the next tier) comes from me looking for the answer to a really obvious question that nobody is asking yet. The best place for suggestions is RIGHT HERE PROMOTIONAL CARDS If you have time, please check out this CARD IDEA LIST Lots of great suggestions - exactly what we were hoping for - but there's still a little time to either propose new buildings or provide your Thumb feedback on the suggestions that are there. This is our planned time table: SAT AUG 6TH, 12:00PM (EST) - this round closes and Rob and I will review the entries and suggestions listed here. Saturday Afternoon / Evening - Rob and I will post a new Geek List, with 3 to 5 finalists at each power level (so 9 to 15 powers in total). We'll base our decisions on both the Thumbs different entries have received and our opinion of how they would work in play. We'll run the second round for a week for both thumbs and comments, ending on: SAT AUG 13TH, 12:00PM (EST). Rob and I will review the final list and announce our decision by the end of the weekend. MERCHANT BONUS Serious thanks to Kareem Koh for suggesting the STONE tier to let him organize sign ups from a few of his friends - we now have five separate groups with total pledges of $1,110! This is a huge win - and much appreciated - so we're adding "Merchant" supporter rulebook credit for the first 30 people to sign up at this level. In addition, anyone who makes at least 12 sign ups will receive honary PATRON status, with all of the benefits of the MARBLE tier. With 14 sign ups, Kareem is our first qualifier - THANK YOU! THE POSTER A couple of people have asked us to offer a way to buy the poster for less than $175. Sorry, no. This is going to be an incredibly limited edition, hand screen printed poster signed by a guy who (not that I'm biased or anything) is set to become one of the defining games illustrators of the 21st century. Ok, so I'm exaggerating a little (maybe) but Heiko's stuff is incredibly good and this kickstarter offer, now, is essentially the only place that this particular poster is EVER going to be printed. The poster... it's great... buy it! SERIOUS RECOGNITION An unbelievable number of people have helped to make GLORY TO ROME a success but there are three people, in particular, that we'd like to recognize for the incredible difference they made to the buzz around the game. ENDER WIGGINS wrote a ridiculously clear and comprehensive review of the game that truly put Glory To Rome on the map: A Comprehensive Pictorial Overview: Is this the game that Race for the Galaxy wanted to be? TOM VASEL struggled through our first edition rulebook to review the game shortly after we published it, putting Glory To Rome into his TOP 100 list and creating the initial buzz that helped to get our company out of the starting gate: It has a steep learning curve but offers a huge amount of options each turn [...] quickly becoming one of my favorite new games He gave us a second GLOWING REVIEW two years later when the current I.V edition was published. PHIL ALBERG bought a copy from Carl the day we released the game and then stsarted playing it constantly - he wrote the first GTR SESSION REPORT . In those first days Phil did more than anybody to help build awareness of Glory To Rome in the New England area. Phil also took this PHOTO of Carl teaching GTR the day we launched the game! So, firstly I'm not complaining (at all!) but that was way too quick - I really thought it would take at least a day to get to $25,000 - so I'm planning to give the double benefit (promo cards and badge) to any pledges that come in before midnight EST today. Also we'll count the time based on your FIRST pledge, so don't worry about making changes later. The conversation about what the cards should actually be is now in full swing over on boardgamegeek - if you get the chance please stop by this geeklist to give both your thumbs and suggestions: YES! We'd love to see your Glory To Rome card idea I'm really, really pleased to be able to make these cards at the same time as the main print run - it'll make a huge difference to their consistency in both card stock and color! Thanks everyone! NEXT STOP, $35,000! We are starting to run out of things we can give to everyone, so how about the following: When we reach 35,000 we will select 7 luck pledgers to receive a complete set of our 2011 new games releases - Barons , North Pole, Hot Potato and whatever new games we release at Essen (but not rereleases of existing games). REVISED RULES (Friday, Aug 5th): The prize will be awarded randomly based on people who have either pledged or emailed me using the Kickstarter system (so no purchase necessary!) at a time selected by me within 24 hours of the total reaching $35,000. You only get one chance per Kickstarter ID (so emailing me does not increase your chances if you have already pledged) except for BRICK and MARBLE tiers who get one vote per set ordered - so that people who've teamed up to order multiple copies together don't get penalized. Detailed rules of the promotion are available on request and I reserve the right to modify or change this offer for any reason (just in case) but you get the general idea. INTERNATIONAL EDITIONS Cambridge Games Factory is the English language publisher for Glory To Rome, but there are new editions in the works and getting released right now in many different languages around the world. If you're interested in buying Glory To Rome in another language you can find it in: POLISH from Boat City Games GERMAN from Lookout Games FRENCH from Filosofia Editions SPANISH from Homo Ludicus HUNGARIAN from Gamer Café Ltd . ITALIAN from Uplayit Edizioni In particular, hats off to Igor Wolski and the Boat City team for the superb job they've done putting together the European look for the game - as you can see it has turned out incredibly well! The last couple of pictures are from the Italian edition which is still in development. Cheers, Ed Two days in and Glory To Rome, Black Box Edition has just hit it's $21K target - as I write we have 545 backers and $22,423 in pledges. I guess I'd better start writing my apology letters! Thank you everyone who has pledged for Glory To Rome, Black Box edition in the past few days! This has been a humbling experience. I always knew we'd get a few hundred sales from people who have been holding out for the new art, but really expected that after the first $8K or so the pledges would really slow down as we switched to getting sign ups from people who have not played Glory To Rome before and were intrigued by the buzz we've been getting.I guess things have moved on a bit since I was going to the post office a couple of times a week to ship orders personally to every store anywhere in the world that carried our games. PROMOTIONAL CARDS @ $25,000 A few weeks ago we started talking over on BoardGameGeek about offering a few PROMOTIONAL CARDS in addition to the main game. This will be 18 cards - 3 each of six different types to match the 6 role types / card colors. We are both interested in getting your feedback on the suggestions that are already in, and also are wide open for you to make new and interesting promo card functions. Provided that we reach at least $25,000 in pledges then we will print out these cards and make them available as part of the Kickstarter offer - anyone who pledges before we hit $25K will receive both the badge and the promo cards; anyone who pledges after that will get a choice between receiving either the badge or the promo cards. We're also working on an boardgamegeek microbadge offer which will be exclusive to this promotion - will provide more information in our next update! FEALTY BY ERIC REUSS Just wanted to give you a heads up about another great game up on Kickstarter right now! Fealty is by R. Eric Reuss - a long time Cambridge Games Factory playtester - and so I can promise that it is well worth checking out! It's a territory control board game which plays quickly but packs a SERIOUSLY STRATEGIC punch - the modular boards also give it lots of depth and replayability. I wish we were publishing it ourselves but the game got snapped up by Chris Cieslik from Asmadi Games - the company publishing Carl Chudyk's latest major strategy game, Innovation For more info check out FEALTY KICKSTARTER PROJECT You won't be disappointed! Cheers, Ed Carter Managing Director Cambridge Games Factory www.cambridgegames.com YES! We'd love to see your game idea MORE GLORY TO ROME: Hey there. Sorry for the lack of communication. We have been so busy shipping! But I hear that there are a few concerns that we have been sending games to stores for sale but not to backers. That's simply not true. We only ship to stores with backer pickup. We are deep in the middle of US shipments, for backers in stores and personal addresses. We're still waiting for customs clearance in Europe. Sorry but for now Europe is out of our hands. :( -- Amber The promotional items for Asia are in a separate shipment. They will be shipped later this month! Let me know if you have any further questions. Best, Amber Ying Operations Director Hi Jason and James! We plan to start shipping next week (Aug 6) but we can't guarantee that the game will arrive by your birthday (Aug 14). Since that's a week and some change, I'm fairly sure that it will get there before then, but I am not going to make any promises. ;) James, as far as I know, we will be working with the current agent, but let me toss the question to our export specialist who may have an updated answer. Thanks! Amber Ying Operations Director Hi Tegs, That is correct! If you have any further questions, shoot an email to <email>. Thanks! Amber Ying, Operations Director Hi Levi! Has not yet. We're on the last leg though! :) Best, Amber Ying, Operations Director Hi James and Jason! Thanks for your feedback. I hear your concern. There are hundreds are games stalled from shipping, and we have been quiet about what's been doing on behind the scenes. I assure you that we have been mum because we've been busy tackling the problems, e.g. the Asia investigation! Unfortunately, I don't have an update about the Asia games right now. I have nudged our Import Specialist, Christopher Rao, to give an update soon. Jason, just checked the map, and it looks like the ship is going to arrive in Boston today! (The little point of the ship is the direction it's going, and it's definitely pointed to Boston.) It will take a few days for customs to clear, so it looks like we will have the games in the warehouse next week! How exciting! Don't know what we're talking about? The Cosco Kobe is the ship that the games are on. You can check out its progress into the Boston Harbor here: <url>"more-info" and the "fewer-emails" groups happy. I'm hoping we can do that with this system. BGG isn't always the best place to spread info, but for the people that are involved, it is easy. Perhaps you could use an RSS reader (google reader, or some other one) to watch this link : <url>"Friendly" in friendly local game store. Hi there - sorry for the delay. We're working on an update - will post one in the next couple of days. Cheers, Ed Thanks go out to everyone for being so careful about making sure their addresses are correct and updated. If you have questions, feel free to send an email to Ed/Jeremiah. There's a link on the bottom/right of each Kickstarter page with Ed's picture, and a link that says "Send a Message". It's easier for me to keep track of what everyone needs through that. I'll try to answer comments here, as well, but a message works better. Again, thanks everyone. This has been an exciting experience for everyone involved, and with the big game fair in Essen coming up quickly, we're really busy and having a great time getting ready. Best, Jeremiah Lee Marketing Director Cambridge Games Factory Hi there - sorry about the lack of updates. I just started a new assignment (in Amsterdam) and we had a couple of staff changes in our US team which have slowed down responses to questions, etc. Cheers, Ed Hi Greg, On the BRICK survey you should get choices of 0, 1 or 2 for each item - so you should pick the total items you want! If you've already submitted your survey then send us an email and we can adjust it for you. Cheers, Ed Hi Ryang - I'm sorry, but I need to be pretty strict about only allowing one of each promotional choice. We would be OK with selling you an extra copy of the I.V promo cards for $5 additional pledge though - please send a message if you'd like to go that route. Cheers, Ed HONORARY PATRON BENEFITS - everyone in your group gets advanced shipping + all 6 promo choices, but only you get the other Marble benefits (T-Shirt, Poster, Apology Letter, Intl Edition) - so it's only one copy I'm afraid! BARONS + OTHER GAMES - we're certainly hoping to have them at Essen and should be offering some kind of pre-order process. When we do we'll mention it here and on our newsletter. Right now, though our big focus is making sure we get Black Box done right! Essen / BGG.CON Pick Up - enter them as if they were a game store; although you don't need to add an address (we know where they are!) For pledge changes - use questions 6.1) to explain the change and 6.2) to say how much it should be. We'll actually collect the money once we have all the surveys in Our aim is to get the games onto boats going to the US and Europe in late September, which would have them arriving with us in Late October and gtet out to you guys for early November. Cheers, Ed Hmmm... or not. Seems like maybe I can't chance the FAQ anymore As a heads up, I'm getting a few questions like this one (will add to FAQ): Q: What exactly are the expectations regarding setting up arrangements for game store shipping? A: We're looking for contact info for the stores from you and then our team will be contacting every store to make sure they're OK receiving the games and also (hopefully) selling them a few more copies in the same shipment! If for some reason the store contact you suggest won't receive the game then we'll still work out a way to get the game to you with free shipping - either by sending to a different store in your town or finding one backer in the area who is willing to receive and distribute the sets. RUBBLE - yes, 39 is now 57! We're not allowed to change text like that after anyone has pledged for the tier but you'll get the full set of promo cards for your initial pledge Hi Michael, For RUBBLE you get the I.V edition cards plus three more promo choices - so you can actually get two sets if you want them, or make other choices. Cheers, Ed Oops, I knew I was missing something. For ESSEN / BGG.CON, just put the Convention name into the Game Store section. Cheers, Ed Hi Mark, Thanks for your update! We have a number of benefits planned for stores who agree to receive games for us, but the biggest answer is actually "Free Shipping" - we'll be offering these stores the chance to buy copies of Glory To Rome Black Box and get them shipped to their store for free without needing to meet our usual minimum shipping costs. In addition, once the Kickstarter project completes we (Cambridge Games Factory) are going to stop taking additional pre-orders, while we will be promoting all of the stores who have agreed to receive games as an option for pre-orders. Cheers, Ed Yes - we became the most funded board / card game when we passed Eminent Domain at just over $48K. On the "Most Funded" tab in the Discovery section there's a Video Game Secret HQ at $64,965 (on a $2,000 target!) - if we pass that then we'll become the most funded game project to date of any kind! Hi Morten, Yes - you can make those choices. Option 4) is the same cards in the old artwork format so it is really only for people who already have the game. Once the project completes we'll send you a survey asking you to provide your specific choices, so you don't need to worry about it until then. Cheers, Ed How high? We really didn't know! Obviously Glory To Rome has a lot of supporters, but most of them already own the game so we had no idea how many would really come out and buy it again. Realistically $21,000 felt like a pretty safe target, but I was expecting it to take at least a week to get there - not 2 days! As a heads up, my computer says it's now August 9th, EST so the 40,000 tier is now closed at $42,366 - wow, a busy day! Thanks everyone! JC: On upgrading - it looks like whatever you did worked fine. I'm now showing you at the higher tier. Essen pick up is fine - we'll be there so it's for free. You don't need to pay the extra $5! Hi there, $40,000K was about 4AM this morning (Aug 8th) so anyone signing up right now is still in time. Cheers, Ed Hi Ken, Don't worry - once we get to $40,000 (which seems pretty likely!) you'll be able to get the RUBBLE expansion as a free promo pick. Cheers, Ed $35,000!!! - I am working on the sweepstake now. All pledges up to chearns are included LATIN - sorry, I'm afraid not. It needs to be a language some-one has licensed to print. Italian is coming up later in the year, though... Ping I live in Winnetka California. I have received nothing. So, any chance i'll see the foreign language edition copy i pledged for? I received both of mine, and love them! I am still pretty disappointed about the condition of the box I received. I hope any future campaigns will be handled better. I'm still waiting for my copy of the Black Box and rewards too. Have received nothing here in the UK (although, as noted by others, copies have been on store shelves since at least September 2012). No response from CGF to my e-mail sent to <email>. I haven't received mine either. So far nothing has arrived. It's almost February and there have been copies on Amazon, EBay etc. for a while now. Why are actual backers in Asia, like myself, being forgotten? I still haven't receive my game, who should I contact? Received mine today.. Brisbane, Australia... Now it's over six weeks since the China Post parcel to Oz was sent. Has it turned up this end? Do you know where it is? Is there anyone out there? *crickets* Can you please confirm (A) that your Australian distributor has received the US-shipped portion of the Australian orders and (B) that you'll let us know when the China Post parcel arrives with the distributor? I got it already, But no risers and mini camp came with the package. :( I'm not sure that it will come later? Still waiting on the game arriving. If all sent by last Wednesday - even given the poor speed of Royal Mail and my location at the back end of the Universe I would have thought it should have arrived by now Just wondering what's happened to the various bits and pieces still missing from my pledge - got the games, the poster and the promo. Got a letter (great!) but not the one with the (ornate?) apology :-) No badge, risers or tee-shirt (!) yet... Silly question: if I put those little plastic feet on the player camps to elevate them, will the camps still all fit in the box? Or will the added height to each piece of cardboard make them hard to fit in? As a US, should I have received mine. I have moved in June. Hopefully you picked up new address. I still have not received the game, can this be collected at Essen? I still do not have mine and I live in California. A friend of mine who also did this campaign, who lives a mile away got his three weeks ago? So I guess I am forgotten? @Tegs: Last info I saw was from a week ago, on the BGG thread ( <url>"those should have finally started shipping yesterday or today. I will edit this update to post a confirmation that all such orders have shipped from Shanghai, hopefully within a day or two". That was three weeks ago. I assume no news is bad news, but could we please have another update? Got mine!! Thanks. Loving it. > Is there anywhere to go to get shipping status? Not here apparently... Come on guys, the last update is from 06 september. We are almost in october!!!! I know it's not pleasant for you to post here because people (including me) are angry, but hey, you owe us $73,102! I think it deserve a little more respect! Is there anywhere to go to get shipping status? Toronto, Canada -- Received a parcel of 2 games today. Have to pay extra CAN$20 for tax and handling fee. I am happy with the new game design and quality. But this KS project was not a pleasant experience, with the year-long wait and extra cost despite i already paid for shipping. Can you provide some details on Australian shipping? 14 days ago the update you were going to post an update 'within a day' of orders shipping in Asia. The game was made in Asia. How is shipping in the region so hard? The Chinese postal system is incredibly cheap and pretty efficient in my experience. Just send them to a damn post office and stop faffing about with middlemen. You cannot have more than a hundred odd games for Asia. When I backed this project OVER A YEAR AGO I did not expect so many delays and so much misinformation. Eventually ,one day, hopefully within this calendar year I will receive the game, and spend most of my time whilst playing relay a tale of customer service woe. Thanks John! @axelfudge, mine arrived yesterday in Canada via Canada Post What is the address to send the 5.00 for shipping! No response in 3 days! I need my games! :) I just know I'm going to walk into my FLGS an see GtR:BBE sitting there... and CGF still can't tell me how they are shipping this to me in Canada. Still waiting. C'mon, folks. So, my FLGS shipment apparently got lost. One year wait for naught! They did sign off the package one week ago and to the date I have yet to receive a proper answer about what happened. Lesson learned, at the tune of $35 and a year wait. This user's account has been deleted. This project has gone Titanic! Just got mine (& other than a pretty bunged up corner of the main box, making opening it a little fiddlier than usual) everything looks very nice, can't wait to try it out :D @Dale Totally agree with you ! I am dissapointed. Until now I have been concerned but have written it off as a kickstarter thing, but its not like this is the first product from a brand new game publisher with no other products under their belt. I have to jump on the bandwagon of people posting about stores receiving the game before I have, since at least one of the local stores I frequent received copies for retail sale on Wednesday this week. This is very dissapointing that the people who made this kickstarter happen are not being taken care of in a timely manner and before the retail stores. Not too mention that the backers are paying more than the stores are charging! Information has been sporadic at best and then the information contained in the updates has been like a shotgun blast into the blackness of a land locked night at the sound of a ship on the ocean or a shipping container being moved that you thought you may have heard. It would be nice if someone, anyone, associated with Cambridge Games would actually collect and disperse correct information in a timely manner and address the backers posted concerns. I really hope someone steps up to the plate here and decides to actually take care of the backers and make things right! My game arrived on the 5th... I haven't had a chance to play it yet, but it feels solid, and I love the texture on the cards. For folks who haven't gotten their copy yet, hold out hope! This project is *finally* delivering! I just got My Black Box Delivered at my Place. Hope to Play over the weekend. I just picked up my black box at Chicagoland Games. AWESOME. For those still waiting, it will be a serious treat when it arrives...Thanks guys. @Shawn This is poor organisation for sure. This project smells bad since the beginning. We got false promise every updates and sometimes no update at all. I don't know what's worst : no news or false news ... I have not received any response from Cambridge Games or emails about my FLGS stating either that my copy has shipped or that they have even accepted the game. I contacted my FLGS that I listed when purchasing the game and they have heard nothing from CG's. I'm not sure whether this is from poor organization, or if Canadian's are just being scammed. Customer service and responding to issues should be an important aspect of any company, and this one, so far, has failed miserably. There are MANY people getting copies from actual gaming stores, but yet I sit home without any notice or response. I feel ripped off and will be filing a complaint to KS within a day unless I hear some proper feedback. Hey I just got an email saying my game has finally shipped...still not sure how it is shipped a week and a half after I saw it for sale but at this point I am just glad it is finally on its way! I got a change to play the Black Box Edition last night and it does look nice. Unfortunately it was copy my friend purchased from an online store (at a lower price and actually got it a few days ago). I can understand him getting it at a lower price. I can sort of understand stores getting it before backers. I can some what see how someone could get it delivered from an online store and paying a lower price. What I am having trouble understanding is how the ONLY comminucation I have gotten about all of this is form this forum in which I was told "I hear that there are a few concerns that we have been sending games to stores for sale but not to backers. That's simply not true." Hello! Any news about the shipment to Asian backers? I just saw copies for sale online at Noble Knights! :( Hello! Any news about the shipment for european backers? I have to say that the fact that it is available for purchase when some US backers have not even had the email noting their copy has been shipped is very disappointing especially since the updates indicated shipments to US backers would occur a couple weeks ago and yet comments below indicate shipments to US backers are still going out. I have not recieved notice of my shipment yet and have to chock this up to "over promising and under delivering". I get this is a large scale project and one of the first of its kind for Cambridge but you guys have severely damaged your credibility. Still no email and as a backer in the US how do I not have this when I can now get it from many sites (who have it in stock and seems I could have got it from them faster): <url>". How are they personalized? They look like regular cards to me. I don't see instruction on how to incorporate them into the game. Finally, what are the little rubber dots for? Just wondering what % are shipped in the US. Have you got to the individuals yet? Thanks Steve I received my game today. Thank you so much it was so worth the wait. Thank you for everything. I know there were problems but thing like this happen. Saturday game night is going to rock. We now have another new game to play. -steve I just picked my game up, and I'm glad that you sent a demo copy along with mine to Jupiter Games. My copy was in great condition, and a few demo games were played the night before I picked mine up. The game was well worth the wait, you and everyone else at CGF have done a great job. We just received our copy and other than bubbles and a few tears in the laminate, it looks great. We can't wait to play this week, and thanks for Plato 3000. All in all more than worth the wait. Any update on Asia shipments? How far through are they? I picked up my copy of the game today at Rockhead's Comics and Games in Kenosha, WI. My box is slightly crumpled, but nothing major. I am very happy with both Glory to Rome and Plato 3000. Allen, the owner/operator of Rockhead's wanted me to thank Cambridge Games for sending a free demo copy for the store. That was a very pleasant surprise to find in the shipping box. One other backer's copies were also delivered today to the store. <url>"When we ship the game out to you, you will get an FYI email." - Amber Ying, <url>#9781602 No email received = no shipment? Is anyone out there? Waiting for update... Euro backer, still haven't received anything. I have not received my copies yet and I am a US backer. What is the word? Have you shipped to all US backers yet? If you have I've not received my copy. <url>"Glory To Rome Black Box", but didn't get the "promo cards" and "Plato 3000".. are they in a separate shipment? ***Also, the promo items is not here yet too... Now it's the 'middle of next week' can you tell us, over a month after the delayed Asia shipments were due to ship, if you'll be shipping them with the current agent ASAP or have gotten a new agent? Thanks. Any chance I'll get my copy in time for my birthday (August 14th)? :-) Cambridge Games posted an update on BGG, but it looks like it wasn't cross-posted here. Here's the link: <url>"update almost every day" list: a month ago. The only mailboxes that aren't full are those of backers - that goes for email and standard mail. Kickstarter mailbox is full also Jerimiah's inbox seems to be full. I sent an email about picking up my copy at Origins but it bounced back as not deliverable. I sent another copy of the message to the kickstarter email. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I want to get it shipped to my house instead of at the store. How do I make that happen? I'm leery about the store pick up option because I think there's a real possibility that my copy will end up on the shelf for sale or they're going to expect me to pay for my game at pickup time. Thanks. Matt @ Ramon, according to Update 20, in the Summer (which I think means before September). Unless you're one of the advanced deliver backers. Hello, when can I expect the game? I sent a msg to you. Hope u have received and read it! I'm still not clear on coordinating this with a local game store (free shipping). Is CGF going to be taking care of this? Do they still have the info of the game store I submitted? Will they be contacting the game store to make sure that they are OK to receive it. I don't want to be out of the loop on this and just have it show up and be rejected none the wiser. Hi there, Looks like you're checking here and not messages. I'm moving to London in May, so the store shipping option isn't going to work for me. How do I get this changed? Cheers, Thomas @ Mathieu There are almost always delays beyond the original estimated shipping date, but people aren't always so antsy about it. Is it always like this on kickstarter ? The link is below. 1612 people is a lot so cut these guys a break (NB. Terry Patnode). For lazy ppl: <url>"Pck up at Essen" option? Given that I don't wantto pay for shipping (I live in the UK), I'd now liete "Ship (for free) to local game store option" to be available to me now. Is that possible? Thank you for the update. It's been a week now ... Also curious on timing. An update would be great. Thanks. Any updates? Where is the game? August 22nd to January 2nd? Where is the game? Seeing as I've just received my D-Day Dice microbadge, I thought I'd check how the GtR microbadges are coming along? Any word on the advanced shipping? You are killing me here. 1612 backer and potential life-long customers left hanging and getting agitated because someone couldn't take 10 minutes to get an update out. Poor form. @C. Scott Kippen - That'll work, we'll use that address. Thanks. @Tom - Sorry I missed your question. I've replied in email as well, but yes send me on an email address of a game store you'd like to pick it up from. @Laura - Things are progressing, and we expect the game to show up to you in about mid-January. We'll get an update out soon to help keep everyone updated. Hi again, can you please respond ? Is there a way to get the game plus the promos ? Especially as someonje put the game up for the Jack Vassel fund ? Hello?? Tom Any new news? Last update was almost a month ago. Hi Jeremiah, i fear you oversaw to anwer my question - can you please tell me - as i couldnt pick it up at Essen - will we have to provide a store now or will you send it to our home adresses? Tom I also put in my address in the form as there was no address for BGG.Con. Is that sufficient? The mugs can be purchased from <url>"Brick" do I just select the options I want once per copy? Hmm i finished the questiononaire before that and put the info about the Essen Pickup in the last questio - hope thats okay? And what about Barons can i also get one? in Essen please :) Is there any way to increase your pledge to cover shipping at this point? Hello Ed, on the survey there is this question: "Q3.3) Which International Edition would you like to receive? (Honorary Patron Only)". Will it be one more copy of the game in the additional chosen language, or? Just a heads up, even if you put personal address as your option, it still wants a store's information. i just Dashed it out. You'll need to do the same for the contest ones, even if you didn't win. Rubbing salt in the wound are you? ;) Can we get a (rough!) estimate on when things will ship? I'm moving between continents in the coming months, so it's kind of important for me. :) This user's account has been deleted. I'm having problems completing the survey. Keeps telling me "error Please enter a response for all questions." And the 39 cards in the RUBBLE description is really 57 cards (not 39) right? Thanks! The survey asks me if I want the 57 promotional cards for the I.V Edition as a promo choice. Is this not what I selected with my RUBBLE level??? Ed, thanks for an amazing project, can't wait to have it in my hands! Just a quick question about the survey (I'm new to this): What do we put for shipping details if we're going to pick the game up at Essen? Thanks! So many people to thank for this! Congrats CGF on a very successful project. I hope future endeavours prove to be as successful. Look forward to playing this beauty! Congratulations CGF! Can't wait to get this in my hands and play it for the first time! 25 minutes to go, almost 73k$. Congratulations CGF ! Hi, will you bring Barons to Essen ? If so is there a way to preorder it? It seems quite rare and i would loveto get my hands on it. Tom I had the uncomfortable conversation with my FLGS about my support of this project and asking them in advance if it would be OK to have the finished game shipped to them. After the look of 'why didn't you order this through us?' and the conversation about it not being available through their game distributor, they agreed because I am a good customer, 'as long as there is no liability for us'. So I have to ask the obvious question - what's in it for the game store to accept our order? Please excuse me if I didn't see the answer in my quick scan of the updates and other comments. They look like standard card size, 63.5 x 88. Do we know yet what size the cards will be? I'd like to have sleeves prepared for when this arrives. :-) Wow!! Congrats guys =D!! The highest funded boardgame/cardgame/videogame ever! We've smashed past the $64,965 mark!! Woooooo!!! 3 days to go. Will be wonderful if we smash past 75000! XD When will these start shipping? $2.000 away from being the most funded project game to date! My bet is that we'll reach 66.000 before the time limit. I just received a new card game from Small Box Games, and the cards are the best I have seen in the hobby. Ed, would you take a look at their card manufacturer and consider it for GTR-KS? Also, my preference would be that the card dimensions match a standard Ultra Pro hologram sleeve. These cards will get a lot of mileage because of the pride the owners will take in the product. Investing in top quality production will pay dividends long term. Congratulations to Ed for a grand slam home run here. And to KS for allowing little guys to be venture capitalists. Why do I have a nagging suspicion that we might see more CGF games funded via Kickstarter in the future? :P Congrats Ed! Pretty amazing. Already 1000 past the 60k limit! Come on guys, let's make this the most successful game project ever! :) I really like the idea of the portable box! Your progress is amazing! The folks at the "Far West" RPG Kickstarter project have done exceptionally well and are claiming that their progress is a record for an RPG project - is your progress a record for a board/card game? I've haven't seen one go this high in the past, though I may not have seen them all. $60,094.00 Pretty impressive. What a bunch of superficial snobs we all are, as we had to wait for a "deluxe" version of the game before throwing our money at CGF. =) Wonder if, with 5 days to go, what is the likelihood of yet another tier? Only $853 to get to the next reward level! I'm in and I've got wood! @Todd: In the FAQ at the bottom of the Project Home page there is a section saying that the backers will be receiving an email once the project funding is complete. I just sent my pledge! There didn't seem to be any way to post an address for free shipping to a game store anywhere in the world. How will that be done? @Jacelyn: I'm a wood level pledge. No advance shipping for me. Of course we will, there's no doubt. :) Sweepstakes!! Wondering if we'll hit 60k... @Brendan: Did you pledge extra for advanced shipping? That would also determine when the game might arrive. With funding just 8 short days away is there any idea when the game might ship? Well this is just very, very lovely. I was wood backer #1000. Makes me smile, congrats guys! Thanks for the quick reply Ed - much aappreciated! Thrilled to see how well this kickstarter project is going. Best of luck to you guys in the future - can't wait for a similar update to Barons (but leave Zombie in my Pocket as it is ;) ) This is a bit confusing to me. I just pledged $35 today, August 12th, which puts me into the "after August 9th" groupe of backers. As I understand, this enables me to choose three of the six bonuses, right? Does that mean that I can get ALL of the promotional cards (promotional items 3 and 4) AND the "travel" version of the player camp (promotional item 6), or do I have to pledge more to get all of this? Also, when do I get to choose the promotional items? Thanks in advance. Best regards Morten I just want to say... That was the best product video I've ever seen on Kickstarter. If I hadn't already donated, I would have right now, just for that. Dude should be in commercials. Next? Wow... I can't believe this game has over 1,000 backers and $48K with 10 days left. Pledged total sitting at $48,250.00 ... Not long now! Congrats on making Kickstarter history. Well you were my first Kickstarter pledge... Why? Because I played your game for the first time last night and then I saw the backers at 999... I had to grab the 1000 slot :) Great game, great challenges, great rewards... This is how Kickstarter should work! Hey Ed, do you know what dimensions the cards will be yet? I'd like to be sure I've got enough sleeves to protect them from day 1 :) I always thought of Glory to Rome and enjoyed the cartoon art a bit. This art just looks so classic and designer and such....that the second day or so it was announced I had to have it. The game's reputation is high so it was a no brainer. Keep up the good work. So, so excited. I'd been putting this one off because of the art. Ed, just curious - how high did you expect this kickstarter to go? And how quickly? Michael: Check Update #4. There are 4 promotional items: badge with pin, badge without pin, promotional cards for black box edition and mini expansion for current version (= Rubble pledge). You can choose three of those because you pledge so early... (and there is no need to change your pledge from wood to anything else to get those three promotional items.) Normally, the way most Kickstarters work, you get the rewards at your level and below. So if you pledge at Wood, you would also get the rewards for Rubble and Thinker. That's how all the others I have seen work. I'm confused. On August 1st, I made a pledge of $35. Since then, several new incentives have been added. What do I need to do in order to get the rubble expansion? If I select manage my pledge, I cannot choose both rubble and wood.... Please help, -Michael Re: Tom Hoefle In the top right hand there is an icon that says "me". You can click on it and it will give you the infomation you seek, or you can click on the blue button just to the right of these comments to see what you pledged and can change it from there. The min pledge for a copy of the game is $35... to get the t-shirt you have to pledge at the $75 level. All of the different levels are listed in the grey area to the right. where can I see when exactly i pledged - as i want to get all promo cards and maybe the t-shirt ( if its avaibale in 4XL :) ) how much do i have to pledge? ( for a firsttime kickstarter its kinda hard to get all this info ) We should start a betting pool or speculative market based on how high this project will be pledged. Very sad that I couldn't qualify for the August 3 stuff since I was busy at WBC, but glad I could sneak in while it's still August 8. This might seem like a really dumb question, but I'm new to KickStarter, and I scoured the BGG "Black Box" forum and couldn't find an answer. How do I change [i.e. upgrade] my pledge to a higher level? Do I re-pledge the new higher amount, or the difference [e.g. cumulative pledge]? If I live in the UK but want to pick up my copy and promo bonuses from Essen, do I pledge $35 for the Wood or do I have to pay the extra $5 as it's not shipping to a store? Are you guys planning to remake Barons in a similar fashion? I fell in love with Barons, but I can't seem to find a new copy. Also the artwork on the Rome Black box is very sweet. I wish I found out about this before (/sad panda can't get rewarded for the $40k mark). Did this hit $40,000 on August 7 or 8 EST? Check the "Backers" tab and see what day it records your backing as occuring on. Woohoo! $40,001!! How do I know if my pledge was before midnight EST on August 3rd? I know I pledged on that date, but I am in Romania and I am not sure if I qualify... OK. No I have a problem. I am a WOOD Backer, but I also would like the rubble awards. The system doesn't allow you to pledge at 2 levels. Any chance of a WOOD+RUBBLE tier? and have any of these cards been playtested? and by expansion cards I mean exclusive promo cards.. Can someone explain the rubble tier in a little more depth?...will the merchant bonus cards and republic buildings be in the black box edition? and are the expansion cards artwork similar to the I.V. edition as well? I second Indru Daniel's comment about the insert design. How about custom sleeves like Ascension? Absolutely amazing, good looking version of a great game. You have really shown how to fund using kickstarter! Can the foreign language edition on offer to Marble be in Latin? If you are looking for another neat give away for a new donor level, may I suggest uncut sheets? I'm very happy that CGF has responded to the fans and pushed through a graphics update...this was a long time coming. Sad to say, but I am one of those who was put off the game because of the graphics. Even though the game mechanics look great, I wouldn't be able to find friends to play with me because of the kiddy looks alone.. I had to back this the moment I saw the new art direction. What stunning design. Congrats to the graphic designer for creating such beautiful illustrations. I would love to get a Glory to Rome poster with new art, but 175$ is too much for me. Are there any other chance to get it? OK, I'm in. This really is the way to go for game project funding, especially for established game special editions where we know what we are getting. How about a "Glory to Rome" Kickstarter card? Smething that gives you a boost. With a donky kicking on it...? Very impressive guys! Yep, same here, promo cards pushed me over the edge. I had planned on waiting to purchase from ThoughtHammer.com (no local game stores) but since I can now get promo cards that I can evenually throw into the mix like an expansion to the game... I backed it. The promise of promo cards pushed me over the edge! I always liked the game and meant to pick it up eventually. The new styling, promo cards, and supporting the design effort made this the right time to buy. will you be including the recent 6 untested buildings from that BGG forum thread? i'm obviously interested because my DOMUS (brown, when built: you may take a patron action) was an admired design! ;-) Impressive, the goal has been reached after what, about a day? Congratulations are indeed in order :-) Congratulations !!! Please make sure that the new insert also accommodates sleeved cards, as some of us like to sleeve EVERYTHING, no matter how good the card quality is. :) Goooooooooooooooooooooood!!! ^^ Pledged $35 with "ship to gamestore" option. Anyone know which Paris gamestores would receive this? I admit this was my first time with Kickstarter. I wish they would have just added shipping into the cost. If you want it shipped to you add $5 to your pledge. If you go back to add it, increase your pledge by $5, don't just make another $5 pledge because it will change your overall pledge to just $5. You can do this under the Manage Your Pledge button. Even though "Free shipping to any game store (anywhere in the world!) sounds exciting, there is no game store close to me. So, I added $5 to my pledge ($40 for Wood Level) to get the game shipped to my regular address. I'm assuming that's a correct assumption? I've never seen a "ship to a game store" option before. :o) I need this. I did indeed put my money where my mouth is! What the "Rome demands BEAUTY!" T-Shirt, Limited Edition Enamel Pin" will look like? Will we see a preview before the pledge time is up? Any change that you'll get rid if the incorrect Middle Ages spelling "Coliseum" and use the original "Colosseum"? Very excited about this, pledged instantly. Might be a good idea to throw some of the pictures of the new design I saw on BGG here on the kickstarter page -- the more pictures the better. It looks great! Always meant to, but never picked up the original. I like this versions art better though, so I'm in for one :). I honestly didn't mind the original art and style, so if this never came to, I wouldn't mind. However, I do like the changes and perks, so why not? Great stuff! I have I.V. and can't wait for the upgrade. When you get art for the poster and T-shirt please post. Awesome! I already have the reprint, but I'm totally up for the art restyle!