What's a go-comb? Go-combs are combs that fit right in your wallet like a credit card. Made from a variety of plastics and metals, they're durable, waterproof and work well in all hair types! Some even double as a mirror, for the ultimate grooming accessory. Who are go-combs for? It's pretty simple: if you have hair, you could use a go-comb. We have a variety of materials and styles to provide stylistic options for everyone, men, women, kids, pets, you name it! Whether you carry it with you every day, or use it when you need it (travel, beach, night out, etc.), you'll find it's a handy piece and a fun gift. Tell me more about the rewards. Below are some photos and descriptions of each reward level. If you have more questions, please don't hesitate to ask! Plastic go-comb The classic go-comb: waterproof, slightly flexible and durable plastic, works in all hair types. Choose from 1 of 3 styles through a survey at the end — we'll offer styles for men and women, including the mirror go-comb (other two may differ from above). go-comb Designed by Julia Rothman: A Campaign Exclusive We've teamed up w/ talented illustrator Julia Rothman for an exclusive go-comb, only available through this campaign. This will be a plastic comb with her original design. Aqua Steel go-comb: A Campaign Exclusive Snag this bright Kickstarter-only go-comb. With a base of stainless steel, this comb is super durable and coated with a fresh layer of aqua, providing a smooth surface for the hair. Waterproof and works in all hair types! Personalized Stainless Steel go-comb Made of stainless steel and finished with a smooth coating, this is a super durable option with an industrial edge. Pick between regular or fine teeth and submit your personalization through a survey at the end of the campaign. Personalized Brass + Mirror go-comb This durable comb with smooth coating has a beautifully etched design and personalization on one side, with a chrome finish on the other, doubling as a mirror. Submit your personalization through a survey at the end of the campaign. Design-Your-Own Stainless Steel go-combs Flex your creativity and have your design etched onto 10 stainless steel go-combs. We can help execute your vision, whether from a photo or sketch to technical drawing. Other Rewards The rest are multiples of the above, so more for you or share the go-comb love! Why are you raising money? So far I've been able to run my go-comb production through laser cutting. This was a great way to test out the product and concept, without a lot of up front cost. Now that the interest in go-comb is growing, I need to bring manufacturing up a notch to meet the demand. Your support of go-comb will go toward two areas: Scalable Manufacturing I've done a lot of research and have found local manufacturers I want to partner with — we've come up with a new process that will both bring costs down while improving quality. These processes require a significant up front investment, which is why I need to raise some funds. Personalization Equipment One thing I've learned (and love) is that people enjoy giving go-combs as gifts. Whether a stocking stuffer, a Father's day gift or groomsmen/bridesmaid set, personalized go-combs were really popular when I offered them. In order to offer personalized options again, I need to invest in my own laser cutter, which will allow me to fulfill personalized orders quickly and efficiently. Last but not least... I want to give a huge THANKS to everyone who contributed to building this campaign: my awesome friends who braved the camera, Andrew who lent us legit photo equipment and most importantly my husband Zack who shot and edited the video — I love you! And here's an advanced thanks to anyone who decides to support the campaign or shares it with their friends. This will not happen without you! Hi Backers! It's been a while since I completed the campaign, and sent out thousands of combs to ~850 backers — it was quite the journey. Thanks again for your support, it was a huge step in go-comb's growth in the last year. Updates Maxine is here! Who's Maxine? Maxine is the new laser cutter I purchased, thanks in large part to you. It took longer than expected to find a good laser and to be confident about the purchase, which is why your personalized combs through the campaign were etched locally, so that I could meet the holiday deadline. Maxine is a 30 watt Epilog Mini, which I purchased used (and it was still a hefty price but she's worth it). I'm happy to say Maxine is all settled in and ready to churn out custom go-combs, allowing us to personalize in-house and ship quickly! Check out personalized go-combs here . Here's Maxine in action: Spring Line of Metals Our coated metal designs are winning the popularity contest, so I've released new designs and colors for spring. Plastics have been going well, but I'm considering changing the production process to injection molding (vs die cutting as they are now). It will be another big investment, but I'm determined to find the best method. Discount for Backers If you'd like to add to your collection or gift a go-comb, use the code SPRINGKICK on go-comb.com to get 15% off your order, through April 30! Feedback &amp; Product Suggestions Survey The best way to fine tune go-comb is to learn from you; most of my product improvements have been a result of reviews. Soon I'll be sending a 1-minute survey out to gather product/Kickstarter feedback, I'd greatly appreciate it if you could share your thoughts. Haven't received your go-comb? Oh no! Please reach out to me if you haven't received what you ordered and we will get it squared away — everyone should have received their combs by now (heather@go-comb.com). That's all folks! Happy Spring and thanks again, -Heather P.S. If you want to stay abreast of the goings-on at go-comb, follow us on Instagram , Facebook or Twitter . Hi Backers! The last big batch of combs shipped a few days ago, personalized brass mirror: If you ordered Brass Mirror, you should receive them by the end of this week if you're in the US, and within 2 weeks if you're abroad. A few had to be redone — if yours is one that needs to be remade, I emailed you earlier today, thanks again for your patience. Holiday Discount - Just for you! As a thank you for backing my campaign, I created a 10% off coupon code: GOCOMBKICK . If you liked your go-comb and want to pick up more as gifts, you can use this discount until November 30 . We're offering gift packs too for extra savings, including assortments for men and women: Note we don't have personalized combs listed on the site yet, they might be available around Dec. 10. Questions about your order? If you haven't received your order (and didn't order brass personalized as those are still en route), or if you have any other questions, please email me at heather@go-comb.com and I'll be happy to help! Thanks all! Heather Hi Backers, Just wanted to send a quick update on the brass personalized combs — they are en route to the last step in manufacturing, and I'll need some time to package and prep the orders after that. I expect to be shipping personalized brass the week of 11/10, still plenty of time to deliver before the holidays if you purchase yours as a gift! Thanks for your patience, this is the first time we're doing personalized stainless steel and brass so it's taken a little longer than expected. All my best, Heather P.S. reminder if you have any questions or concerns about your order, you can message me on Kickstarter or email me at heather@go-comb.com Hi Backers , I wanted to update you on the personalized combs — the first batch (stainless steel) arrived and look GREAT. Just spent a good chunk of my evening alphabetizing all 300 of them! Single and sets of 5 personalized stainless steel combs will be going out over the next couple days, and I'm expecting to receive brass personalized by the end of the week. Reminder again that orders with multiple rewards are being held until all of the rewards are here and ready to ship, but I *expect* to ship everything out by the end of October, as promised! Thanks and if you have any questions you can reach me at heather@go-comb.com! Best, Heather Hi Backers , All Julia Rothman design single-combs are going out today! You should have received a shipping notification to your email address that's connected to your Kickstarter account. US backers should get them next week, international backers within three weeks. Here's a pic: Thanks again to the talented Julia Rothman for creating this beautiful design. As always, please email me if you have questions or concerns about your order: heather@go-comb.com. Thanks and have a great day, Heather P.S. Reminder that if you ordered multiple rewards, they will all ship out together as soon as they're ready! Hello go-comb backers! Just a quick update here. Still working on production, see below for specific updates on each reward type. While your combs are being produced, I'm getting a head start on shipment preparation for all 846 packages :) Plastic Combs These are at the decorators, and will be stamped out into combs hopefully by the end of the week. Estimated ship date: Mid-Oct. Julia Rothman Combs Just saw the print samples — they look great, I'm so excited my first artist collaboration is with Julia. See a pic below! Estimated ship date: Mid-Oct. Aqua Steel Combs These are currently being coated in the fresh aqua, and will be ready to ship mid-Oct. Personalized Stainless Steel &amp; Brass Combs These are all getting their messages etched onto the combs, before they get their smooth, clear coating. There are almost 700 personalized combs, so in order to ship each comb to the right backer, we'll need a little extra time to keep organized. Same estimated ship date as before, late Oct. Custom Combs We're moving at our own pace with these, but once I have designs to share (with permission of course) I'll post updates on these! Reminder that if you ordered multiple reward types, we'll wait until all of your go-combs are ready to ship together. If you have any specific questions on your order, feel free to email me at heather@go-comb.com. Thanks! Heather Hello backers! Chugging along here to get your go-combs out on time. I want to share a quick update on how production is going: Plastics &amp; Julia Rothman: The plastic go-combs are going smoothly and will likely be done first! Julia Rothman designs will take a little longer, given they require a multi-color decoration. Expected ship date: Early Oct. Personalized Stainless &amp; Brass Mirror: Just finished my first set of personalized brass samples, they turned out great - see photo below! The personalization adds an extra step to the process, so I expect these to ship by late Oct. Mixed Orders: If you ordered more than one reward, your entire order will ship together, as soon as all your go-combs are ready. Finalizing Your Order Details If I'm missing your shipping address or details on your order, I'll be in touch in the next week! Message me on Kickstarter if you have questions or need to change your shipping address, as you won't be able to do so through the survey after the next 48 hours. Thanks all! Heather Hi go-comb backers, Thanks again for backing go-comb — without your support we wouldn't have been able to meet our goal. We're already gearing up for production, and we're excited to deliver your go-combs as soon as possible. In case you haven't heard already, you can add more rewards to your original pledge. Go-combs make awesome gifts and stocking stuffers, especially the personalized combs, offered exclusively through the campaign at 33% off the future retail price: Stock up on your gifts now, and they'll arrive by October! If you'd like to increase your pledge, simply edit your pledge on the campaign page , and add the amount of the other reward you'd like to add (ex: if you ordered a $10 plastic comb and want to add 5 personalized stainless ($60), change your pledge to $70). At the end of the campaign I'll send you a survey asking for the details on your additional options. For detailed instructions on adding shipping if you're international, please see the first FAQ on the campaign page. If you're set and happy with your current pledge, please take a moment to share the campaign with your friends: <url>— the metal combs are just a tad thicker than a credit card, and the plastics are a little over twice as thick as a credit card. All fit right into a credit card slot in any wallet. Dimensions are approximately 2 x 3.25". Here's a photo for reference: I hope this helps! - Heather Wow we made it already! Thanks so much for all of the support, it's been great to see familiar faces and tons of new folks backing the campaign. Keeping up the momentum... As you might know, on Kickstarter you aren't able to receive any of the raised funds unless your goal is achieved. With that in mind I set a fairly low goal, figuring what it would be worth to create the campaign. If funding stopped today , I would have enough to offset *some* of the production investments for go-comb, but would still be contributing significantly from my personal savings. I would love to be able to offset more — plus — the more funding I get, the more I can reinvest in developing new styles for you! Either way, I'm very grateful and excited to get to this point. Thanks again, and please continue sharing the go-comb story! All my best, Heather Hi all, Thanks so much to everyone who has backed the campaign so far, I'm so grateful for your support and for those who have shared with their friends. Some people have asked about adding on to their original pledges, say if you want 3 combs, or one personalized brass and one personalized stainless. If you'd like to do this, you can add the appropriate amount to your original pledge, and I'll collect the additional order information at the end of the campaign through a survey. Ex: if you'd pledged for a plastic comb ($10) and also want a personalized stainless ($16) simply increase your original pledge by $16. Feel free to message me with any questions, and please continue to tell your friends! All my best, Heather Hi Davis, The few brass combs that were damaged are being picked up today and will be shipped tomorrow/Saturday. So sorry for the long delay and I'll include more info when I reach out with your tracking number. Thanks! Hi Adam, I'm sorry to hear that, it may have been defective — I'll reach out to see what we can do. Thanks for the feedback Marmael! Thanks Ali I'm glad you like them — and Davis thanks for your patience :) Brad - thanks for voicing your reaction. I did try to keep all production in the US, but was surprised to find that none of the manufacturers I spoke to who use this metal process were willing to make my product. I found one option in the US and one in the UK, but it turns out they were outsourcing the production to China anyway. It's a highly technical process and after doing my research, learning about the technology required, what the factory is set up like, etc, I feel I made the right choice. The metals are finished in the US - where they're coated and then packaged. All of the plastics are made in NJ. Regarding the finish of the brass - It's a thin brass finish on top of stainless steel. Then the whole comb is coated in a thick clear coat to round out the edges and to be smooth on the scalp and hair. This coat will protect the brass from varnishing and scratching, so you won't need to use a brass cleaner, in fact I'd recommend against it and just use soap and water for cleaning. Another note on the finish, it needed to be coated in a high gloss because any other coating would cloud the mirror. I hope this information provides more insight into why the brass comb is made the way it is! I do appreciate your feedback. Best, Heather Glad you like them, Dmitriy and Maris! Maris we are working on an even finer tooth comb, just have to make sure the teeth would be strong enough :) Hi Joshua, Your package was shipped and says it arrived already - I'll reach out via email to sort it out. Other backers - please feel free to email me directly if you have shipping questions, it will be the fastest way to get help! (heather@go-comb.com). Most packages have shipped with the exception of the brass personalized, which are shipping later this week :) So glad you like it Ben! Definitely took some time to figure out the best way to finish the comb. That's awesome Elizabeth! Hi Gary - I'm not sure what you mean by plastic peeling off, but I'll contact you to check! If anyone sees a defect with their comb, please contact me directly and we'll figure out what happened (heather@go-comb.com). Hi Nathan! Nothing new right now - if you see my last update I mentioned the estimated ship dates. We're on track for now! You're all set riOtrOcK! I just sent an update regarding shipping times for clarification - I couldn't edit the Kickstarter notification to provide accurate shipping info. Hi James - I think I probably won't do that since the original stainless were uncoated, and I received a lot of feedback that it was too rough on the hair/scalp, which is why I'm now coating the combs. Hopefully even the coated works well enough to serve both purposes! Hi James, I'll send you a message to get your corrected personalization. Gadgetstorm - you're right, the brass only comes in regular tooth width. The stainless steel mesh could be used as a grater but because it's coated it won't work as well as a real grater. Interesting question! Hi Jessica! I think you're referring to plastic? In the question asking which style you'd like I included a link to view the options: <url>— up to you! Both sides are brass, one side is brushed finish, the other side is a chrome finish. Hi guys! I plan to ship via USPS with tracking, for both domestic and international. Hi Mark, yes the brass is only in regular. In the future we'll be making a fine tooth brass mirror, but that won't happen until after the campaign. - Heather Hi Cam! Please see the FAQ "Can I order more than one reward?" to see what to do if you're international and would like more than 1 reward. Thanks! Hey Jason! This has definitely been part of the design process. I've thought a lot about finish and feel and teeth strength. The metals are coated so that they feel smooth on the hair. The plastics are durable but have a little bit of flex, and if you have very long hair the plastic will probably be the best for tangles, as the metal is stiff and not as forgiving. This campaign is the first time we're able to provide these finishes and materials, so I'm really excited! Good question! Just posted a photo in this update: <url>"extra value" which is always nice if you want a good reputation and returning customers. I wanted to love this product and back it since I thought it was a clever ideal. After receiving the item I was very disappointed with made in China stamped on the packaging. Besides that the item is Alot smaller then a credit card so it moves around in my wallet slot. I've felt brass I love brass and chopper but this comb feels like aluminum with a gold shine on it. I could be wrong but I feel if I take bras cleaner to it I'll ruin the comb. Besides the negative I do still like this product and hoped it would of been at least made here. Or in the future at least. But I feel this is a as seen on TV product that ends up at dollar tree. And I'm not the only one who agreed with me on this product. I just received them, and they are truly top quality! Especially the stainless-steel one. I liked them so much that I ordered another one. Keep up the good work Heather. Sad for the delay, but its OK, thanks for update! Best of luck! Good day! Received a comb today (Russia, October 22 sent, 6 November arrived at the place of delivery) for my wife. It is very cool! Good packaging. Heather, thank you very much! Received my 5 go-combs, top quality! Maybe i wanted the teeth even more closer, but it is ok already. :) Hey I was just wondering are u still sending out combs because i never received mines and its well over October :( Just got mine, is wonderful! I second what Ben said. This was the first Kickstarter I backed and I'm glad I did. Got my comb yesterday, it's great, thanks! I got a metal version and I was concerned that it might be rough on the scalp, but it wasn't. It was smooth, works well, and looks great. Lol I saw my SEXYTIME comb in the update! Yay I'm getting my comb soon! Showed my beautiful Julia Rothman co-comb to a friend today and she went nuts over it. So I guess I know what part of her Christmas present will be. Just ordered a three pack from your website lol. Got my very pretty go comb today. Thanks!! got the aqua for my SO. looks great. that was a kickstarter with a fast turnaround if I ever saw one! Just got my Aqua GoComb and I LOVE it! Is much nicer than I was expecting, works fabulously and fits great in my wallet ^_^ @Creator Thanks! Mine arrived earlier this afternoon & I immediately put it into my wallet. The quality is perfect & fit right-in with my other cards. Mine just arrived today: opened it and it's better than I expected. This is the best $14 I've been ever spent :D Mine just arrived today: opened it and it's better than I expected. This is the best $14 I've been ever spent :D got the comb. worst kickstarter item i got. quality: bad. plastic is peeling off already. regret backing this. I just received my comb in the UK. Its a lot nicer than I expected and perfect for my shorter hair. Very happy with it! Just got my aqua comb. Love it! Thanks I am just wondering if there is any updates? Ok thanks I just received an email that you guys are shipping soon...im wondering if i did my survey i really forgot please help thanks I'd also like to opt out of the cheese grater/hair comb combo. Haha! I'm with Jeff. No cheese grater version for me please. :-) Please send me a comb that DOES NOT also work as a cheese grater. Thanks Is it possible to receive a reset email to change my personalization, sorry for the inconvenience. I am an idiot, is it possible to change my personalization? Sorry. Thanks Heather, maybe an uncoated "Raw" stainless steel version that could double as a grater could be produced in the future? Hi Heather, I guess there is no option for fine or wide teeth for the brass comb. I haven't heard from you. For the stainless combs, are the edges sharp enough to be used as an impromptu grater for herbs and cheese for example? Hi, I accidentally put in more than 10 characters for my personalised comb.. How do I correct this? Survey didnt ask me if i wanted fine tooth or the other,,, thanks Is there somewhere we can see the different design options? I can't really tell what the designs will look like based upon the survey options. Thank you!! :) Congrats Heather. Wondering if the there is an option for fine or regular teeth for the brass pledge. Also, for the stainless steel design with the holes which look almost like a mesh, how sharp are the edges for the holes. I am thinking that if the edges are not bevelled or cambered, then one can use it as an impromptu grater for let's say herbs or cheese? Try it out and tell us? Hi Heather, I backed at the $16 level and your reward survey didn't ask for my tooth preference. How do we get this info to you? Thanks, Jamie H Heya Heather, I ordered 1 personalized stainless steel go comb at USD 16 + USD 5 (international shipping) and paid additional USD12 for an exclusive Julia Rothman GO-Comb at USD 12 + USD 2 ( international shipping) making it a total of USD 35 for 2 items with shipping. I don't see these options in the survey as you had mentioned only the information for personalization my comb. Also for both regular ones as option. How can i be sure i get both combs in order please ? I filled out the survey but wasn't given the option to choose between regular or fine toothed comb. I'd like a regular comb, please! Maybe try to contact Stores like Hema (Orginal Dutch store) <url>ÜPS but since these are combs, they could easily just go regular mail. Where's the survey? to choose from 3 styles for $10 pledge! Please tell me you're not using FedEx Thanks Heather. Genius idea! Glad to support it. Is the brass comb only available in regular, not fine toothed? I'd like to pledge for additional items, but I'm based in the UK. Do I need to pay the additional shipping for each item, or is there a way to pledge again without having to pay an extra 5 dollars? Have you considered head and hair health? Will the comb ends be finished and rounded so they do not snag hairs or damage the scalp? Can u post a picture of thr product sude by side with a credit card? Thanks Love your product! Just backed for 5! One for the whole family As a fellow comb manufacturer I am proud to back your project and look forward to evaluating the fit and finish of your comb. Thanks, great idea! I may need to do something about my recent loss of hair though =p Here hoping for a fairly standard stainless steel model. Im a low profile kind of guy. Perfect Heather. Knowing this, maybe I'll back a few more! Really interesting project! Quick question: The teeth look really thick and fairly far apart in the pictures. How does this differ for the fine toothed combs? Can you give some measurements? Thanks! Best of luck!! :) Good luck, Heather! Thank your father for this pledge. Hi Go-Comb, I'm pledged for a stainless steel comb, but would like to get a second brass comb for the wife. Can I just add $18 to my pledge to make that happen? Thanks!