Did you miss the campaign? It’s not too late to PREORDER the game, visit <url>"God auditioning for the role of a dead body on Law And Order","Bill Cosby eating shrooms", or maybe "Jeff Goldblume complaining that MTV doesn't play music videos." Whatever the scene, we promise you'll be laughing so hard your face will melt off like those jerk Nazi's in Raiders Of The Lost Ark. It's so simple, even you, can learn to play in 46 seconds. Check out our interview on the game theory blog. Just in case you don't have an attention span of 46 seconds here is the only rule for God Hates Charades: While acting you can talk, yell, dance, or pantomime fellatio all you want, but say any of the words printed on your cards and its no points for you. The game comes with two decks of cards, the actor cards and the scenario cards. The actor cards feature both fictional and real characters from pop culture. While the scenario cards are absurd events, situations, or actions. Pairing the two cards together makes a scene. As a player your job is to act out scenes and guess other players scenes. These button designs are a work in progress but guaranteed to feature Damien Weighill's awesome artwork. You can vote right now which sketch will become a limited edition art print. Support us so your friends get to be the idiots acting out scenes instead of ours. GHC comes with 100% more fun than actually talking to your friends guarantee. The primary role is that of the actor. Oh lucky you! When you're not acting you are guessing. We call this role, The guesser. But remember God is always watching. So don't bore him. He's been around FOREVER. We won't be successful without your help! Help us get the word out. If you like what you see here or know someone who might, or maybe you want to challenge your ex to a 'who can act best' like "Batman having his heart broken by someone he really trusted", then please share our campaign. Hey friends we're back on Kickstarter with all new content for the game you love. God Hates Charades: WRATH is live on Kickstarter. We're still reaching for our goal and need your help getting there. Please support our dumb little game. As fans of the game you've shown us that there should be more God Hates Charades-- and now you have it! It's the best jokes we've ever written and fits in your original box. Back us now on Kickstarter! It's time to laugh until you vomit from pure pop culture induced hysteria. All the games have shipped. If you want to track your order log into your account on Backerkit ( <url>"Let's go see him together, I've got nothing better to do." - Indiana Jones --------------------------------- We'll start shipping first thing next week! The games have been inspected and delivered to our warehouse. They are being packed up and we have an estimated cost for shipping! ...Now all that's left for us to do is cope with all our brilliant ideas like offering free shipping and increasing the total number of cards in the game. While we figure out how to run a real business we want everyone here to watch this: gif that we put way down here. Chase with this gif way down here We've already shipped out 75% of the swag, only a few more orders to go! Keep an eye out for an email with your tracking codes. This is SWAG ONLY, so don't rip open the packaging expecting to salivate all over your damn game! Right now its sitting in customs... ...and they're talking forever, but we finally have an appointment to get checked out on May 26th . From there we will send it to the warehouse, they will packing it all up and ship the games out! So at the end of next week start looking for shipping notices. Questions? Praise? Hate? Just let us know in the comments! Thats 948.6 KG of game in 93 boxes sailing(not really) on the high seas! That's not the only good news we have today. Shirts have arrived which means that Swaggageddon is starting today! We'll keep you updated with more boat news as it arrives. So it's April, which is after March, when we said we get you those games... Whats the deal?? Sit yer ass down and get ready for some genuine proof of life: The games are ready! Just send me my game! Our printer has finished up the main game and they're nearly done with the expansion, we're talking this week. Shipping takes roughly 2 weeks to cross a mother fuckin' OCEAN. So you're just sitting around doing nothing?? We're ordering all the swag, shirts, buttons, sticks and all that other shit. We're going to send that stuff out separately so be on the lookout for 2 shipments(we'll send some tracking codes when it all goes down)! Got anything else for me to do while I'm just sitting here without my game? Sure follow this handy chart: - obviously - follow our new friend and super fan / Do you like Star Wars? \ - no, not really - print n play this new game we made While waiting for God Hates Charades to arrive from China, the team over here made a fun little skin on the classic Mafia/Werewolf style party games called Dinner Murder Party. You can download the game free on its site, dinnermurderparty.com . Oh, we also got our game company all set up. So welcome to the world, "God Hates Games." May we make great games for awful people forever. Cheers, For the record we think Ron Paul is bat shit. Regardless of your political leaning we are all grateful for China, right. Thanks China! Cheers, Jason &amp; Grant Shipping update time. We just read the best sentence known to man or at least to men who run a gaming company. Yep, it's time. We are now in final production mode. What's that mean to you? 30 days from now our game will be sent to our fulfilment warehouse, and then shipping begins. And as long as teddy bears don't take over the earth we'll have our crude joke filled baby to you by the end of April. We do have a couple test prints to show off. For more updates follow our blog . Until next time, Jason &amp; Grant. It's finally 2015 as Hollywood prophesied in 1985 we have Hoverboards and self lacing shoes ! But we still don't have the party game God Hates Charades. Why Marty, why? Terrible Excuse Number One Regarding Our Lack of Updates: Printing is a son' of a bitch. So as we mentioned before we had an issue with our previous printer. Mostly they kept raising their prices due to either being greedy or us being morons. We are hedging on the side of us being complete assholes. But needless to say when they came back with a quote increase of 40% we decided to pack up our assholes and go play in another sandbox. Enter our new printer. So here is the legit deal. Our new printer is cheaper which lead us to get a better quality box (thicker is always better) with a neato spot uv coating; which will look fancy as fuck, more copies of the game, and we added more content. The bad news: The game won't be in your hands in March. Terrible Excuse Number Two Regarding Our Lack of Updates: We wrote a 64 card video game expansion and added 100 new cards to the core game. So stop judging us. Terrible Excuse Number Three Regarding Our Lack of Updates: We got lost in Jabba's fat folds. The good news about this excuse is that these are coming to your door very soon. This beautiful art looks great in a frame or thrown on the floor like seen above. Either way you look like you know about art. Which makes people want to bang you. So that's it? No. Not even close. Thanks to the help of the community we updated the rules of the game and added two new variants for more strategic game play. We also moderated over 500 new cards submitted by the community and started tying our card pages to "you tube" to pull in videos of people acting. Thanks for reading. And finally because you read all the way to this point we wanted to offer a discount to share with your friends on our new pre-order site . At check out use the code, "Save A Fiver For Beer", thats $5 dollars off the game! It's been a while... We've been busy working on lots of stuff but we don't want to leave everyone hanging! What about those art prints!? Damien has been working on perfecting this masterpiece, which doubles as a Star Wars spinoff pitch we'll send to JJ Abrams in 2015. We're gonna print that using a special process called Risograph. It's like a fancy-as-fuck copy machine that has a awesome looking color palette. Cards from players like you. We've been getting a ton of submissions, thanks to everyone who helped out! We're approving, rewriting, and perfecting the cards as we speak. Keep them coming! The rules are in. It's super important for us to get the rules correct so we need everyones help to review them and make sure they're clear. To help us out review the latest rules in the link below and share any feedback, spelling errors or areas where the game is unclear. <url>™... We recently made friends with Pixel Guardians, it's a fast paced 8 bit style dragon building &amp; slaying card game. It looks awesome and like us, they only have 8 days left! But there is more! For those of you who back both the games we have a special 8-bit themed pack of cards which we'll include in the game, just cause you're so awesome. Oh and did we mention they've got a sweet deal too?? Back them and you'll also get The King and The King's Guard, exclusive cards for Pixel Guardians! Who knows if this will ever happen again, we don't. So get over there and grab a copy of Pixel Guardians! Our 8-bit Pack will have some awesome cards like... You're strong! We should hang out! Refresh... refresh... refresh... 399 Backers! We need everyones help to get to the finish line, please take two minutes and click every button on this page. This will spread the good news of God Hates Charades to the masses. <url>#1- Jabba the Hutt Feeding Cats to an ATM. #2-Mother Teresa Eating Someone's Brains #3- Cthulhu Making Love to a Blow Up Doll We are sure this piece of GHC art will turn your boring apartment into a LUX palace, fit enough for a king/queen/or whatever you are these days. And as a bonus, here's a video drawn by Damien for Jason's band Giggle Party. <url>’s help to keep the project moving towards the finish line. There are a few different ways you can help: Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/ghcharades Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/GodHatesGames Share our Kickstarter everywhere(Facebook, Twitter, or wherever) you can with this handy link: <url>’ve got one question so far which we’ll answer here, but if you have any more questions please let us know! Q: What will the buttons look like? - Joshua A: We’re not sure yet, but we can guarantee they’ll have some of Damien Weighill’s awesome artwork on them. Here are are some of our ideas so far: From here on out we’ll be sending regular updates to keep everyone posted on progress, news and awesome things going on with the project. Thanks again to everyone who has supported us so far, we can’t wait to share the game with everyone! Grant and Jason @Khaled, On the USPS site it does say Customs Cleared, but then right below it says "Does not meet customs requirements - Return to Sender"... We didn't get anything back, so I'm going to call USPS tomorrow and see if they can give me a straight answer on where the game is at. If this doesn't work we'll use a different shipper when we resend the game. Either way we'll figure this out and you will get your game, sorry it's taking so long, we'll make sure it's handled this week. @Khaled, I'll look into that for you and see if we can't figure it out. @Hon Sing Sim your copy is on its way, I'll PM you to make sure you have your tracking number. @Steven, Let us know how it goes! Anime Sucks-- thank you for being a gentle soul. I just ripped open mine. -Jason Heh, yeah tuck boxes are the worst. I think pinching the sides helped, either that or grabbing it with your teeth and tearing it open. @Hon Sing Sim I send out an update shortly, but in short, the games are sitting on the docks in LA waiting to be reviewed by Customs, our shipping broker says it'll be reviewed by the 26th then shipped to our warehouse. @Timothy, we've been working with our shipping broker. They manage receiving, and sending the game to our fulfillment partner in LA. We signed all their papers, verified that we're a legitimate business(which is also new for us!) and now we're waiting for the game to clear customs in China!, from the date it clears customs in China it should be on the ocean for a couple weeks before we get it. We'll post as soon as we learn that the shipment is on the boat, and again once it reaches US shores. @Hon Sing Sim We're waiting to clear customs in China, should be any day now. We'll update as soon as it happens. @Tim, you better believe it! We'll have an update shortly with the current state of things. We just wrote an update about shipping! Thanks for being supportive of our game. @Chris, we have lots of news to share. We'll update everyone this week! @Tim: We're working on a new update right now that we'll be sending out soon. Sorry for the delay. Thanks for answering your BackerKit early! We may release them at a later date as a separate purchase, if things were going really well for us, but they wouldn't be part of the Kickstarter delivery. We're still hopeful that we can make it in the final few days! Thanks everyone, we're excited to be so close to the finish! @Luke: Thanks Luke ! Thanks @Marc! @Matthew Kennedy: Thank you Matthew. Share it around. We are very excited about how quickly it's picking up steam! Thank you, Jason and Grant This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Not sure why my order is stuck in Canada since June 8, and cleared customs there, while I live in Dubai, UAE. info please. Thanks. Why I haven't got mine yet? Got mine here in Canada today. Can't wait to play this weekend! Mine arrived yesterday in the UK, seriously can't wait to play it! :D Got mine, looks great! Can't wait to play this weekend! Tuck box open! I grabbed a screwdriver, shoved it in the butt, pushed up to the mouth.. and pushed it open.... gently Got my cards today, really excited to play! Thanks for the great work guys! Can't... open... 8-bit.... tuckbox.... How excting! Received my deck today . Can't wait to play Cards are not here yet. Any news on shipping? Any word Are you shipping already??? Shipping? Awesome!! Can't wait :D So is the game still coming out? No updates since January. Soooo April? Love the update, and thanks for the good news. Still on schedule for March? Updates? My pleasure, and looking forward to the update! I can't wait to embarrass myself with this game. Any word on production? I haven't received anything for the Backerkit thing. Has anyone else? Yay! Wow, what a buzzer beater! Great end to a great campaign, congrats to Grant and to all of us for being the first wave of people to play and get the word out on a game that will take over CAH's dusty, **** laden mantle! Booyah! and someone joins the fray! w00t! 13,000 stretch goal completed! so close to that 13,000 stretch goal...so close <email> Looking forward to leaving stuff. The top pledger on humble bundle led me here! This game looks so fun! Glad I made it in before the cut. Just saw this on BWL, Holy crap this game is going to be fun! Glad I didn't miss this one. if the stretch goals aren't met, will the spite cards be available as an add-on? Congrats! Funded!!!!! Saw the link to this KS in Humble Bundle top contributors. Looks fun! I can see the finish line. Saw these guys at PAX and had a blast. Great game that I look forward to drunkenly playing with my friends! After PAX Prime, these guys gave me and my friends their entire booth. The blue bench is my loot. Hell yeah I'm backing this! Good luck at PAX Prime! Played it last night at the bar. Everybody joined in. Tons of fun. Good luck guys! #atrollbeingatroll The top contributor of the humble bundle led me here. Glad I found it Congrats on being the first project I've pledged towards. Hope you reach your goal; it's going strong so far. I've been looking forward to this Kickstarter since I first heard about the game. Good luck! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.