UPDATE #2: Platforms A Plenty! - We need your help to make the Grapple Knight experience the best it can be across all major computer platforms! UPDATE #3: We Partner with RetroZone! - SNES Controllers added to the All Physical Rewards pledge. UPDATE #4: Reward Spotlight - Adventure Knight Poster - We shed a little light on the amazing watercolour poster created by Adventure Time's Andy Garner-Flexner. UPDATE #5: Stretch Goals Revealed! - We give the campaign a once over with visual reward descriptions and a completely revealed stretch goal tower! UPDATE #6: Box Design Polls Now Open! - We start the backer only vote to determine which design will become the official box design for Grapple Knight! UPDATE #8: Palm Kingdoms Lends a Knightly Hand! - Add $10 to your pledge level to receive a PC and Mac copy of Palm Kingdoms 2! Stretch Goals revised to be cooler and cheaper! UPDATE #9: Wii-U Within Grasp! - We add Wii-U development to our stretch goals and finally celebrate reaching our funding goal! UPDATE #10: Final Hours! - We say our thank you's and good byes, also PayPal support! For every stretch goal we hit in addition to the major goal, we will also be adding a certain number of additional tracks and achievements to the game. This allows us to grow their content passively the better the campaign does, so let's help Jouren blast his way down through the tower! $16,000 - We have heard back from Nintendo and release on the Wii-U is within our grasp! This tier will cover the costs for getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U and submitted to Nintendo as well as paying for QA testing to make sure that the console release is top notch. Lets get Grapple Knight onto one of the best consoles of the coming generation! $21,000 - Need a 1up or feel like your score could be a little better? Perhaps you just need something short, fun and new? After every boss fight as you move to the next stage, you will get to play a bonus stage to earn more points and rewards! Destroy a statue of the Alchemist before the time runs out or maybe you will have to ride a minecart down into the caves before the stage begins! $26,000 - Someone left the door to the alchemists laboratory open! Aside from the end stage bosses that will award Jouren with powerful moves and abilities, we will create all original act mini bosses that will provide a world of new and intense challenges for players on this epic quest. $31,000 - A bonus stage and all new environment will be added to Jouren's quest to defeat the Evil Alchemist. You will be in for the battle of a life time as you take on a whole new set of enemies and bosses, but you will be proportionally rewarded with an ultimate and all powerful ability! $41,000 - We will break out the spit shine and polish Grapple Knight to a blinding sheen. With the creation of even more character animations, transitions, custom special attack animations and animated multi-emotional character portraits, you will be hard pressed to find another pixel platformer out there with this level of absolute completion! $51,000 - Taking the story to an entirely new level, an animated opening and ending retro cinematic will be created for Grapple Knight to truly pay homage to Jouren's long and difficult quest in the best way possible. How did Jouren begin his quest and what happened after the alchemist was defeated? Watch and find out! $56,000 - A secondary play mode will be implemented for Grapple Knight, once a stage has been completed in "Story Mode", you will be able to replay these stages in a timed mode where you will compete with others across the globe for the fastest time and highest score. Also great for speed runners! $66,000 - All main character genders will be swapped in this bonus game mode with the story, dialogue and portraits adjusted accordingly. Play as Louren and her spirit companion Stride as they fight to defeat the Evil Alchemist (who will also be female, all names tentative). $86,000 - We will take the bonus stage from the $25,000 stretch goal and make it the beginning of an entirely new chapter with a total of 4 stages, each with its own set of new gameplay mechanics, powers, enemies and bosses! $???,??? - We have made it to the big leagues! Grapple Knight will be ported and released onto one of the amazing handheld platforms out there that would be perfect for our game like the Playstation VIta or the 3DS. Backers will then be able to specify which system they would like their purchased copy of the game sent to by way of digital redemption code! Grapple Knight is still a work in progress and as such the visuals and features currently available are not indicative of the final product Download and play the latest Grapple Knight demo here: Windows: v0.1.8.7 Macintosh: v0.1.8.7 Linux: v0.1.8.7 **new and untested** How skilled are you? Grapple Knight is a fast paced 2d platformer that is currently in development for Windows, Mac, and Linux. Alongside a retro inspired artstyle and soundtrack, Grapple Knight seeks to challenge players to use quick combinations of slides, grapples, and attacks as you guide the hero, Jouren, through a myriad of environments and enemies! Take on a quest to restore peace to the lands using the spirit grapple of Stroud to swing, grab and zip through environments! Defeat monsters that stand in the way, using your spirit weapons and abilities. Uncover the tombs of Stroud's fellow knights as they offer their aid to Jouren, bestowing new powers. Down the Alchemist's toughest creations, gaining special abilities to reach previously inaccessible areas. Empower Jouren on his journey as he transforms from a common man to a knight of legend! Enjoy challenging retro inspired gameplay, alongside a chiptune soundtrack, and authentic pixel art. Windows, Mac, and Linux versions with Gamepad support. Given the game's beginnings, we saw it fitting to have the game's art style visually reflect our roots as gamers. We took inspiration of many 16-bit style games and incorporated what we liked from each to create something that we felt best represented that classic era in gaming. How much of the game have we completed? The funds for the campaign if successful will be used for the following facets of the games development: Everyone on the Red Knight Games team knows that we are onto to something truly fun and special with Grapple Knight. We are excited to share our vision with all of you, the Kickstarter community! We are truly grateful for your support, and as such we want to make sure that your support does not go unrewarded. Get your own digital copy of Grapple Knight available on PC, Mac and Linux (possibly on other platforms such as Steam, Vita and Wii-U). All pledges of $10 and above will net themselves the full and final release of the game! Mock up not final Mock up not final Created for demonstration purposes Created for demonstration purposes Artist: Andy Garner-Flexner To see more on the poster's creation process, check out our special reward spotlight! Created for demonstration purposes Click to vote for your favourite design! Created for demonstration purposes Character design courtesy of backer Seizui There are a wide range of reward tiers for you to choose from, but it's dangerous to go alone; so make use of this chart that will guide you on your journey to acquiring magnificent gifts. Be sure to use the chart above in conjunction with the detailed descriptions to the right of this campaign! Want to keep up to date? Be a part of the Red Knight Games commuinity? Here are the ways you can: Website: www.redknightgames.com Facebook: Like and share! Twitter: Follow us! Indie DB: Comment and subscribe! YouTube: Subscribe and watch! Steam: Greenlight this game! Hey guys, we've entered into a new month, so lets kick it off with some more cave enemies you’ll be facing. Charles has been trying out a slightly different approach when it comes to presenting the final piece so be sure to let us know what you think! They’ll take you under to the depths Stage 2 is unique in that it will include some underwater segments in it. Included in these waters is a predatory sea creature, one with powerful snapping jaws and tentacles! What else could it be but the dreaded Orctapus !? This creature is a cross between an orca and octopus, two animals that felt appropriate given the ice/crystalline theme of the caves. I started out with drawing reference materials of octopi and orca to get a good feel for distinct characteristics while its attack patterns were being designed. The enemy works as a common grunt that wants to mess up Jouren’s day with an attack and chase pattern. Preliminary designs led me to take the orca’s head and torso while incorporating tentacles into the tail. I really liked the silhouette of this design so I began expanding on it further. The Orctapus was ending up predominantly orca on the front end, so I wanted to make its mouth unique and played around with a split jaw to start putting monstrous qualities to it. At the time I had stumbled upon an image of a leatherback turtle’s mouth and it gave me the idea to incorporate an iron maiden like mouth that would make sure the creature meant business as it attacked its prey. In terms of the tentacle tail count, I opted to go with four instead of eight as (for me) it created visual clutter in its design in relation to the proportions I was playing with while trying to make it look like a cohesive creature. I also decided to put tribal like paint on the Orctapus’ body because it was a good opportunity to affiliate it with the Witch Doctor boss through similar paint patterns. Throw all that together and you have a terrifying adversary for Jouren to face! Beware! They go cluck in the night! This one was much more straight forward. This enemy has been with the game since the beginning and as mentioned in the Witch Doctor update it’s also a common grunt enemy. The design went through a few iterations and was going to be featured in the Forest level. Ultimately, it was moved over to the cave level as it felt more appropriate, and though it had gone through a few different design iterations, the Cave’s theming meant it had to undergo some tweaking one more time. Trying to draw a lot of the enemy’s designs back to the level’s boss, a lot of it came down to figuring out what traits would solidify the idea of a henchman under a Witch Doctor. Crystal and bone were good visuals for the Witch Doctor so I took those elements to see what I could come up with for the Vampire Chicken. Similar to the Witch Doctor, using a skull mask was a cool opportunity to make them blind, and it worked out really well as bats are often believed to be blind as well as giving the impression that they are “blind followers” to the causes of evil. In the same vein, the crystalline element worked out as growths and claw appendages on its wings. The final rendition is a blood sucking clucker you really don’t want to mess with! That it for today’s update, hope you enjoyed the different art approach and be sure to leave any comments and suggestions about colours and whatnot below! See you next time. Hey guys and gals, welcome to yet another Grapple Knight update, this one is a little more on the technical side but it foretells some exciting stuff so we will get through it quick! Beta Access with Gonz Forums, we all know what they are and how useful the can be to bringing the ideas and passions of a community into the one place. What would a forum mean for Grapple Knight and its backers? The implementation of a private and secure forum on the Red Knight Games homepage would allow us to upload beta only builds for backers to play and provide feedback on as well as allow discussion over gameplay and abilities to occur. Your feedback is invaluable to us which is why it is so important that we get these forums set up. Traditionally when demos or features are presented to the public, we need to polish them up a fair amount so as not to deter any potential future players. But for the people that have already seen the merit in our game, it opens up a golden opportunity to let you in on various level and feature experiments in their raw form, allowing you to give real and decisive feedback for its direction. Once the forums are set-up, backers eligible for the beta will receive invitational emails where you will then create an account and log in allowing you to read and comment on our developer posts and start threads of your own, as well as allow you access to the latest beta builds we have on hand. In the week or two following the forum launch, we will also look at completing and sending out sprite heads for forum users to upload as avatars if they so choose. We may also look at uploading in progress artwork and designs, allowing for an even greater level of feedback. We want to make sure that we have the best and most robust system available so that the community will have room to grow as well as allow us to do some potentially fancy things. We have a few options we are currently looking at but if any of you know of a particularly awesome system you have had the pleasure of using in the past, then be sure to let us know and we will definitely have a look at it for comparison! Thanks for reading and our next update will be coming soon within the next few days! As promised we have our second update for you guys this week so hold onto your hats and lets get into it! Designing Death Hey guys, its Charles here, coming at you with another update, this time I’ll be going through my design journey for the Cave Boss of Stage 2! When we first started concepting enemy designs way back when, the idea of animal hybrids was one of the most popular being thrown around. A Vampire Chicken was amongst the craziest ideas we had at the time, we felt it was a funny concept so we drafted up how they would work. Since then they've been worked into the game as one of the primary grunt type enemies you’ll encounter in Stage 2. Once we had determined the enemies basic design and theme, we felt it would be fitting for all these vampiric chickens to be controlled or led by someone. I started off by making the boss feel similar to the Vampire Chickens in the stage with its bird-esque qualities, but felt that I was forcing a design that didn't quite fit. This was mainly because the boss’ attack patterns were being worked out in tandem with its visual design. We were going for a spell-caster archetype and one of the attacks was to include the summoning of minions. After some pondering I decided it didn't make sense to push the bird aesthetic when I had the chance to really go crazy with the whole spell-caster idea. Given the game’s natural world setting, I wanted the boss’ magic to feel rooted in nature and that's when the tribal theme came up. As I explored the idea further, I found the thematics of a witch doctor played really strongly into what I was trying to achieve. While working on various concepts I tried to always hit a few core points such as the association with death, contrasting sizes in body parts (i.e. small and thin upper arms going into big, decorated forearms), and seeing what about the stage’s theming (icy and crystalline) I could incorporate into that. I played around with headdresses, skull helmets, feathers, crystals, and bones, which were all good props to incorporate, but the problem was trying to see what animal hybrid could really fit the thematics of a witch doctor well. Some of the initial animal combinations included a reptilian head crossed with a mammalian body, which offered some cool shapes, but ultimately not what I wanted to represent a witch doctor as well as being too similar to the Cave Turrets showcased in the previous update. Gonz had suggested looking into animals like the otter and the mongoose, and that helped a lot. The mongoose was especially interesting because of its inherent angry expression and unique eye shapes. I took the idea further, trying to incorporate elements of a cobra as I found they shared a deadly rivalry which I thought was cool as well as being somewhat ironic if I was able to pull it off. I felt I was going in the right direction with this, but at the same time the initial sketches had the creature coming off more like a higher level enemy brute; there was also a certain lack of snake, which I wanted to rectify as I felt it dealt with the death theme nicely. Upon further research, I came across a picture of a water mongoose skull, its bone structure really intrigued me. I did a rough sketch, and remembering the themes of Stage 2 (icy and crystalline) had given me an undeniable opportunity to start incorporating them into the boss’ physical appearance. What I ended up with was a really firm grasp on what I wanted for the boss and through some further tinkering I was able to create something that ticked all the boxes for me. This necromantic Witch Doctor will use his minions and dark magical energies to ensnare, destroy, and enslave all those who trespass on his subterranean realm. We hope you've enjoyed this behind the scenes look at the boss’ visual design and be sure to keep your eyes peeled for our next update in the next fortnight. Hey everyone, First of all, we’re very sorry that this update has come really late, we know we wanted to get updates out much more frequently and we've failed you. In our last update, we lost our Art Director and Environmental Artist, as stated then we weren't able to fund his job further and since then we've been operating as a skeleton crew of the core three members to keep development costs down. Since the reshuffle, we haven’t been able to keep up the usual pace of work we’d been able to when the game had a simpler (and less impressive) art style. In addition to this we've had to find some casual work to keep the business and project afloat. You may be wondering, “What about the Kickstarter money?” and rightly so. Our response to that is that we have chosen not to use the funds you provided us to pay for any day to day living or even small business expenses and have instead put them aside for your rewards (materials, printing, postage, etc). As a result we have not been able to accumulate a lot of content to show you guys over the course of the update. We realise that the initial release date projection of February this year was very premature and the result of an inexperienced dev team, we apologise to the people who have been eagerly awaiting to play Grapple Knight. However, we can still say that we are very committed to making sure this project is finished to the best of our ability and to the quality that was promised. With that said, we do have some content lined up in the coming weeks including character designs, new environment art and beta/backer forum information. We will be starting with an artistic design journey of one of Jouren’s enemies that will be featured in the second level of the game, the Cave. Cave Turrets by Charles This enemy basically functions as a turret along the walls, floors and ceilings where it fires projectiles along angular or direct paths to the player, hindering their movement. We decided we wanted to make the turret a living creature so that it could reposition itself if need be, so we started rattling some ideas off the top of our heads and played around with elements such as protective turtle shells and feline qualities. When looking into these designs further, I found that the initial animalistic qualities didn't lend themselves well to an enemy created by an evil mastermind. I continued to see if I could preserve these same qualities with other animals such as snails and raccoons. I realised I wasn't really getting anywhere and decided to try to lay down some new silhouettes. I had particularly liked the angular lines coming off some of the shapes and a really nice opportunity came up to incorporate more of the levels design and theme: an icy and crystalline cave. With that in mind, I moved to a lizard like design, as it lent itself well as a cave animal that could function as a stationary enemy as well as fire off projectiles at the player from a safe distance. I was happy with keeping the lizard design, but as I experimented with different head shapes I discovered I could incorporate some more mammalian features from a dog or raccoon to better push the hybrid feel we want to strive for with enemy designs. Finally, after a bit of clean up and taking more animal reference cues, I added a bit of basic shading and here we go, our new enemy cave turret! We hope you enjoyed what these step by step designs had to offer, as all these and more will be among the many things going into the backer art books and game manuals. Closing and Sneak Peak While this update isn't quite as feature rich as our last one, we want to start doing smaller, more frequent updates and interact with you guys more. Not having a lot to present felt like a big deterrent as it didn't seem fair to you guys, but we realise keeping quiet for so long is just as much not fair. While our circumstances have slowed down our pipeline, we want to make sure our communication with you guys can be better and remain one of our top priorities as without you guys, we wouldn't be here. Therefore we will be committing ourselves to either weekly or fortnightly updates to keep you all informed and to help keep us on our toes. With that said, we plan on taking you guys on another design journey in just two days time on Friday with a new enemy! Who or what could it be? We won’t say, but here is a little snippet. Hey everyone, welcome to Grapple Knight’s first post campaign update! First thing’s first, we are terribly sorry for the lack of communication since last December, we have been horrible when it comes to keeping people informed of what we have been doing and we promise that we will try to not let it happen again. A lot has happened since we last spoke and we will try to touch on as many of those points as possible without running on, but boy do we have some exciting stuff to show you all too! Why the long silence? First and foremost the biggest source of delay since the end of the kickstarter has been that the agreement we had initially worked through with our art director and environment art contractor had fallen through due to not having adequate paperwork sorted out between the two of us. It was a really stupid move in hindsight but he was an old friend and we never imagined that things would come back to bite us in this way but lesson learnt. If you want to work with someone, never bring them on without a proper contract written and signed by both parties regardless of who they are and how well you know them. Without getting into too many specifics, it got super expensive to keep him on as a contractor so we had intended to back pay him what we owed him with the funds from kickstarter and carry on the rest of development with just the core members. He had expected more hours and more pay out of the project and because assets hadn't been properly signed over in any kind of paperwork, the rights of all the assets he created still lay with him (yeah we know we are idiots but it’s always the punch you don't see coming that gets you). The negotiations from that point onwards got quite messy and time consuming, after the deliberations what it came down to was that we would be able to keep all the work he had contributed minus the stage backdrops and the level tiles (all other designs and works were secured). So it is now on us to recreate and replace any and all uses of his environment art ASAP. All these things have contributed to the silence and lack of updates from us in one way or another but now that the major issues have been sorted, we are free to move forward with Grapple Knight so that we can get it into your hands! So what have we been up to? Grapple Knight has gone through several visual iterations and the look that you see now is what we've decided upon. As a result we've had opportunities to go back over old designs and make them bigger and better than ever. One example of this revision is the Stage 1 Boss, the Thoar! The idea of the Thoar's design came from the combination of characteristics of the boar and an armadillo girdled lizard. The old design did achieve some of this but it didn't quite sell the idea of a hybrid between the two animals. The main issues with the old one was that is felt like it wasn't borrowing enough inspiration from the lizard as well as looking a little too clean for a mighty beast that has been living in its wild domain. That being said when it came time to design the Thoar to match the new visuals, we took the opportunity to really make sure to hit on those points. The proportions were cleaned up and the Thoar's colour palette was shifted over to sell a wild image with darker colours for furs and untamed growths of purple. In addition to this, the design was modified to include more of the armadillo lizard with scales on the Thoar's legs, its plated back armour looking more pointed, as well as craggy facial features to show toughened skin. Overall, we’re very happy with this redesign and we hope you guys like the new look too! Towards the end of our Kickstarter campaign we were approached by the amazing people over at Humble Bundle who offered us the use of their Humble Widget and Humble Store services much like you would see used by other successful Kickstarter games such as Shovel Knight, Delver’s Drop, and Chasm. Now, we knew that we would have these beautiful widgets and an amazing service to help us continue generating funds and delivering content leading up to and after Grapple Knight’s release, but we felt that the site these widgets would be hosted on (our website) was a little lacking. We are very happy to announce that we have given the Red Knight Games site design a complete makeover and are debuting this design on our new Grapple Knight buy page! The design will be propagated to the rest of the site as soon as it is converted into a WordPress theme but not before we get a few other things like the beta community forums sorted out so check it out and be excited! The Grapple Knight store front offers a few of the same awesome backer rewards you were able to purchase during the Kickstarter campaign, including a slightly cheaper NPC tier! If you like the idea of being a Knight that bestows Jouren with new abilities to aid him on his quest to save the Kingdom, we have 2 spots available, so now’s your chance! Sneak peek of things to come We talked about the visual iteration earlier, but what about the sound design? A lot of you have been mentioning that Grapple Knight’s soundtrack isn't as epic as it could be, and we couldn't agree more. The music wasn't very accommodating to the look and feel we were aiming for with the new visuals and gameplay. So we called up our talented sound guy, Edward Fokkema and he got to work on a new forest track. We think you’ll like what he has cooked up :) <url>’re making sure that we create a solid baseline for the goals and challenges we want to achieve for the player. Once they've been populated with enemies and gameplay objects, we’d love to have them put to the test! We’ll be sending out invite emails for people who have signed onto the “Beta Build Access &amp; Dev Forum” tier and higher to try them out. This way we can ensure that they’re fun and challenging, while remaining balanced. Below are some preview shots of the levels being built for the purposes of testing environment layout. Thank you for reaching the end of this long overdue update, and again, we apologise profusely. We hope to do more regular updates with less drama and more cool stuff! We are officially counting in minutes! There is just over an hour left in the Grapple Knight Campaign and what a hell of a ride it has been, even Jouren is stressing out about it. Thank you to everyone who has been with us up until now, you are all Knights of the Royal Order in our eyes! New Demo Almost Available! The new builds for all platforms are being built and uploaded as we speak so check back soon for an all new Grapple Knight demo! Last Call for Box Vote! The vote has been running long and strong but it is now the final chance to vote on your favourite retro box design. Will it be Mega Drive Black or Blue? Click the image above to compare the designs and lodge your vote before Midnight on boxing day, when we will announce the winner! PayPal Now Available There are many exciting things we didn't get a chance to look at too closely during the campaign such as console ports to devices like the Wii-U or perhaps even the PS Vita, but those kinds of opportunities are things that we refuse to give up on. We have added a PayPal check out button to the Red Knight Games website to allow players the ability to pre-order a digital copy of Grapple Knight from us directly, all the funds collected from PayPal will go towards the remaining stretch goals. We are also currently in talks with the Humble Bundle team in the hopes of using their order and product delivery widget which we will use to replace the PayPal button, creating a dedicated store front for Grapple Knight on our page! We did it! It's a little late but we wanted to say thank you to everyone because Grapple Knight hit its initial funding goal a few days ago! Thank you to everyone who has backed us and believed in us to help us get the word out there. We wouldn't be here without any of you and we feel like words simply don't express our gratitude. We can't start relaxing yet though, we still have a few days left in the campaign so its time to hit the pavement running and do everything we can to make sure the campaign gets as far as possible before the timer runs out. So with that, let's talk about our shiny new Stretch Goal tower! What's that you say? Why is the Wii-U part of our update tower? Throughout the campaign we have been hearing your pleas for a console port, primarily the Wii-U so we thought it wouldn't hurt to reach out and get into contact with Nintendo. Today we heard back from them and we are all set to go as Wii-U developers! Like any console, there are going to be development costs associated with getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U. We made Wii-U release the first new stretch goal to reach for because if there is any goal that would give Grapple Knight the widest potential audience it would be this one! This new Stretch Goal we have added will cover the costs of getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U and submitted to Nintendo as well as paying for QA testing to make sure that the console release is top notch. This includes things like SDK's, frameworks and the all important Console Dev-Kit. Lets get Grapple Knight onto one of the best consoles of the coming generation! We need you! We have a lot of really amazing stretch goals, but to reach any of them we are going to need more backers and more people spreading the word of the campaign before it's too late. Kotaku has one of the largest audiences for gamers in the world, and it just so happens that they have a tips hotline. We need everyones help for this to work, if we can get enough people emailing in to Kotaku about Grapple Knight, they will have to cover us, giving us access to that huge reader base! Send your emails to <email> and remember to include links to the campaign; together we can make them take notice and we may see some of those awesome stretch goals get funded which means a better game on more platforms for everyone! Yet another exciting announcement; our friends at Palm Kingdoms want to give the community one more reason back Grapple Knight! Starting now, if you add an additional $10 to your current pledge (at any tier), you will also receive a digital code for the PC and Mac versions of the epic fantasy turn-based strategy game, Palm Kingdoms 2! And that’s all you have to do; use both codes for yourself, or gift the other one to a friend! Backers that increase their pledge amount, in addition to your digital download code for Palm Kingdoms 2, will also be receiving a hand-written thank you note mailed out to them as a token of our appreciation for the effort. With this promotion, not only do you save money on the cost of Palm Kingdoms 2 (normally $12 USD), but you’ll also be helping to fund Grapple Knight and get us closer to reaching some of the revised stretch goals! Stretch Goal Update We have one more surprise announcement for you all, we have revised the stretch goals! The community surrounding Grapple Knight is very important to us, because without you, we wouldn't be where we are today, so based on your feedback we've made some adjustments to the initial stretch goals. This revision was designed to make the stretch goals cheaper while also making sure that all goals that added additional cool content to Grapple Knight were up front and centre! If you are disappointed by the removal of the Extended Sound Track and Achievements , then fear not! For every stretch goal we hit in addition to the major goal, we will be adding a certain number of additional tracks and achievements to the game. This allows us to grow their content passively the better the campaign does! We hope everyone is as excited about these announcements as we are! Our AMA is currently live, sorry for the delay, we're very much newbies to Reddit haha. In anycase start asking your questions after the jump! We'll be answering questions under the username 'redknightgames'. We are Red Knight Games, indie developers for WIP project, Grapple Knight, Ask Us Anything! Our stretch goal tower has long been shrouded in mystery and shrubbery, and a fair few of you have been curious as to what could possibly be hidden down in those treacherous depths... so we decided to roll up our sleeves and get to pulling out those weeds. We are very happy to present to you the complete list of stretch goals for Grapple Knight! We would love to hear your thoughts on how the goals turned out and if you would consider shuffling any of them around. So please be sure to comment below and lets start a conversation! We would love to be able to hit them all so we want to make sure that they are most appealing to you. For full descriptions of what each stretch goal entails, be sure to check out the updated campaign's rewards and goals section. Visual Rewards! We understand that some of these rewards can be a little hard to grasp given the short amount of information, but fear not! We've updated the campaign to include visuals for every reward and given them a more detailed explanation of what they'll entail. We hope you enjoy them as much as we did making them! Below are just some of the cool examples we have, so be sure to check out the campaign to get a full run down! Not happy with just a cameo appearance? With this reward level we take your likeness and turn you into an NPC. You can take on the role of these fallen knights then choose from a pool available powers that Jouren can acquire from you throughout the game. With this rewards level you can work with us to design an alternate look for our hero! You will also receive an "elite backer" in game credit for your work and support! The image above showcases a custom skin being created for one of our kickstarter backers. Thanks Seizui! We have been talking about it for a while, but the time has finally come! The next update will be the backer exclusive vote to decide on the final design for the physical game box as well as the cover for the instruction manual. Get ready to show your your support for your favourite design! We hope all our friends over in America had a great holiday weekend, because we sure did! Grapple Knight recently hit it's 50% funded milestone and we couldn't be more humbled. As such we wanted to celebrate by shedding a little bit more light on our amazing “Adventure Knight Poster” available at the $100 pledge level. We interview the poster's creator himself below, as he runs us through his creative process and what makes each poster unique. <url>’s books. Stay tuned for more updates. We have lots great stuff coming up that we can't wait to share with everyone! We would like to announce an exciting partnership with RetroZone that will make an already amazing reward level even better! RetroZone is an online Australian retailer that specialises in gaming peripherals; ranging from classic NES controllers , to Xbox 360 and PS3 controllers , plus everything in between! Be sure to head over and check out what they have on offer, we especially love their SNES controllers , and speaking of which... What does this mean for Grapple Knight? The $100 All Physical Rewards tier will now also include a USB SNES controller that you can use to play Grapple Knight with, added to the bundle for FREE! The current All Physical Rewards tier will be retired effective immediately and a new tier will be added in its place to reduce confusion for future backers. Backers who have already pledged towards the All Physical Rewards tier will not have to take any action on their behalf to have the controller added to their pledge. We will make sure that your controllers are added to your bundles! The SNES controller will currently only be available to those backing the $100 All Physical Rewards tier. Update Preview There have been many iterations of Mega Drive/Genesis game cases over the decades, but being from Australia ourselves, we wanted to create a design that felt a little closer to home. There were two major box designs that were sold here in Australia during the console's initial run and as such we wanted to leave the box's final layout to you, the backers. A backer exclusive poll will soon open in a future update which will run until the campaign's completion. We encourage all backers to vote, as the design of the box will affect other items such as the Grapple Knight Instruction Manual. Stay tuned, and fight for your favourite design! Grapple Knight is going to be available across a large variety of PC platforms including Windows, Mac and even Linux. As the game is being developed on the Windows platform, we've been able to get a lot of play testing and bug checking done on our own machines as well as one or two Macs. Unfortunately we don't own any Linux boxes ourselves and as such the Mac and Linux versions have not received the same amount of love as their counter part. So we encourage the entire Mac and Linux gaming community (we know you are out there) to try the demo and help us forge the best experience possible! Please send through any problems you encounter to <email> and together, we can work towards the goal of a unified experience across all platforms. After all, Red Knight Games is all about giving players solid and entertaining gameplay with as few hurdles as possible - no barriers, just power ups! Our project goal covers the cost of developing for PC, Mac and Linux; we've been hearing your requests to port Grapple Knight onto other platforms as well such as 3DS, Wii U, and the PS4. If we are able to venture beyond our initial target goal, then your requests will be one step closer to being answered! Hey everyone! Grapple Knight has been going for a few days now and we're off to a great start. All of us here at Red Knight Games extend a HUGE thank you to everyone who has backed the project and helped spread the word :) We've got some cool updates planned, like developer interviews, reward spotlights, a peek into our creative process, and opportunities for backers to shape key points in Grapple Knight's development, so stay tuned! Hey all, We wanted to write in to say that we are sorry for the lack of communication from us to you guys as to what’s been happening. We are definitely still here and the project is not cancelled by any means. Our situation remains largely the same, where the team has been working second jobs (during the graveyard shifts) to keep maintain income, slowing development down to a crawl. Add onto the unfortunate circumstance that one of our team members had to take a break for a couple of months as a result of his grandmother suffering from a stroke (who has since recovered thankfully). With the slowed development cycle, a lot of what we’ve been able to work on is still at an internal only state. During the time we have been able to get into development, we’ve been working on the later level environments such as the dungeons and castle with work in progress look and feel, ready for polish to the level you’ve seen the game thus far. In addition to this, character related work (enemies, bosses and Jouren) are also being worked on (similar vein to the updates we’ve released previously). You guys deserve to be excited about this project and we want to make sure that when we push out an update it’s something to truly whet your appetite. This is a primary reason to why we avoided updates, we felt there are only so many times we can create “the update is still coming” posts before sounding like a broken record. Again we apologise for the silence and we’re sorry again about the February estimated release date, it was extremely premature and you guys have become justifiably upset. All we can promise is that development is still moving, even if its slowly and we do have renewed internal milestones that will hopefully help us stay on track given our new unusual work hours. Hey guys, Charles here, we're very sorry that there has been a lack of updates. We've recently picked up jobs (new and continuations of times mentioned previously) and some personal situations amongst ourselves needed attending too (family, medical, and financial). We're doing the best we can given the shortened available development time to get another update ready for you guys, so please hang tight and as always, your support is always very much appreciated! Hey jonathan, I know we promised some updates soon and we're REALLY sorry we haven't been able to deliver. However we are still working and haven't left you guys, your support means a lot to us. A few of our team members are currently tied up with other work, which doesn't let them finish off the good stuff you guys want to see. Once that is done and dusted, we should be able to get updates out much more regularly. The Red Knight Games website is currently undergoing an overhaul and we're cleaning up some of the level design for the first stage of the game as well as assets that will constitute the next version of the free demo for you guys to play once it's done :) Hey Seizui, updates should be on the way soon. There have been some recent code framework changes that have sped up the game considerably, but due to some limitations a large amount of the code has had to be altered to work under these restrictions. Since such a large amount of code needs to altered some extra time is being spent on rewriting and cleaning up some of it, rather than quick and messy edits that might potentially cause more issues. This has all unfortunately delayed a update we originally intended to have out already. Work on code updates should however be done in a few more days as there are only a few remaining code modules to update. Thanks for the kind words David! We are quite excited about the chance of a Wii-U release as well Joshua and you hit the nail on the head as that is exactly what we will be looking to do in our final update. We hope to implement something a little more integrated into the website soon such as a Humble Widget but a simple game pre-order Paypal button should do the trick in the meantime. We will be doing a stretch goal update in a few hours but just as a little sneak peak for the people in the comments section... we heard back from some of the people over at Nintendo and the Wii-U console port is being added to the stretch goals as one of the first possible tiers for you guys! Thanks for all the kind words everyone, we are just as amazed as you guys at the huge jump overnight. We wanted to take this chance to thank everyone for diligently following along with the campaign and for all of your very generous contributions, we wouldn't be here if it weren't for all of you and we will do our best to make you all proud. Also thanks for those site recommendations Caleb, a few of those weren't on our email list so we will be contacting them shortly! An official update will be posted soon with where we will be going from now and what will be happening in the next few days. Seizui is right, we still have another 8 days so lets do everything we can to make this campaign amazing! Thanks for the boost Arsene! We are doing everything we can to contact indie departments for consoles like the Vita, PS4, Wii-U and the 3DS. Sorry we haven't been able to give any clear updates on the console front but unfortunately the process of dealing with bigger corporations can sometimes take some time. Thanks Caleb we actually love Angry Joe so it would be amazing if we managed to get his attention somehow. We have been contacting as much games media as possible, so far we have gotten articles written about us by Gaming Blend and Rock Paper Shotgun with a few more on their way so we are really humbled and excited for the added attention! Is there anyone in particular that you would recommend contacting? Sorry for the mix up, we are reddit noobs, but the AMA is now currently live at the following address <url>"do I swing or not swing" choice. Game mechanics like that aren't final and might change or be split into separate mechanics if its more fun or allows for more balancing or level design, for example moving the length changing aspect to its own hanging surface but allowing for a much greater possible length. However, there are always situations to consider when altering mechanics, what if the player releases the grapple button immediately after hitting a swing? If a minimum swing distance is added to make that less sudden how does that then affect gameplay? As for the textboxes there will be text speed options once both the artists and I get to working on updating the menus. The later ones that don't stop movement I can certainly look at extending the amount of time they appear for, however they will always auto disappear as by design they need to be separate to what the player is doing and inputting. changing jump directions in the air is as slow as it is right now to give more importance to the choice to jump, if the player can alter their aerial momentum faster it gives much smaller consequences to an ill timed jump. Feedback like this is greatly appreciated and while not all gameplay mechanics are final there can be less apparent situations that can dictate available options. Thanks Jordi, we are glad you like the look of it, we are really excited about it too. Currently the poster is limited to the 100 issue run we are doing with the artist which is only available at that tier (as a way of retaining the exclusivity). If the initial run sells out and there is enough community support for a follow up then we might be able to organise a few more in a new and unique combo tier but the amount we would price that at is unclear at the moment. I hope that helps clear things up a bit. We are glad you guys enjoyed the last update and Jeremy, we will do our best to make sure that as many popular controllers are supported as possible, if the PS4 controller is in fact auto detected as a direct input device then that is exciting news! A new version of the demo is up, hopefully the new archive plays a little more nicely for Linux users, if not then let us know and we will get back on it until it's right. Still working on the rendering bug which causes the horizontal cuts to appear across the environment :) Hey Ultimoore, Programmer here to follow up on questions. the game should be able to be played at any resolution fullscreen but has to be set as fullscreen through the game options rather than any OS based command, and as in the previous post the pixel size also needs to be altered. auto setting the displayed pixel size based on screen resolution (and higher settings beyond 3x) is something I will be looking at doing soon. Detection of connected controller type is something I have planned but haven't touched yet. Custom setting of gamepad controls is already supported in the games code but will have to wait until we get around to updating the games menus. On the subject of bugs a new build fixing issues related to the 1up pickup should be out soon. I'm terribly sorry that one got though, its TypeID was unfortunately mis-set from its correct setting from previous builds. Also thank you so much for the kind words and the write up Ultimoore, we will be sure to plug it where ever we can. Just as a general note to everyone, the email to send any and all bugs to is <email>, we will incorporate it into the campaign description itself so that it is a little easier to find. Thanks for taking the time to sniff it out Ultimoore. Thanks for the heads up Ultimoore, we will upload a new tar.bz archive for Linux ASAP (hopefully along with a few other fixes and additions for all platforms). As far as gamepads go, at the moment we are only detecting a couple of specific gamepads, most predominantly Xbox360 controllers but as we move forward we want to try and find a more general way of handling various USB gamepads, so currently the truest experience you can get would be an xbox controller but we definitely have plans for more. Doing something like gamepad key binding would definitely help people customise their own experiences so it may well be a possibility. 1920x1080 is actually a great resolution to play the game at, but for the game to scale accordingly with the resolution, the pixel size option needs to be fiddled with. If you do have access to a 1080p monitor then we suggest playing full screen with a pixel size of 3 (which means that 1 art pixel is represented as 3x3 on screen pixels). Haha you are absolutely right Seizui, and we definitely don't want to ignore anyone who has been awesome enough to pledge towards our campaign so I just wanted to take this moment to say that you are all amazing! We are so touched by the reception we have been getting so far. Secondly a few of you have been mentioning console ports so I am glad to say that we plan to do everything we can to make console ports a reality; (and just quietly maybe some of those consoles are included in stretch goals yet to be revealed) we definitely intend to get in contact with the indie divisions of all indie friendly platforms such as Sony, Nintendo and OUYA to name a few. Lets do everything we can to try and bring Grapple Knight to as many screens and consoles as possible. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. After all this time, I believe an explaination of where the money went and why we aren't seeing final and maybe release what you do have. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. any news? This user's account has been deleted. I still want my money. Hi! I want my money back. 2 year Dev. This is ridiculous, it has been 3 years without an update. A refund will never happen, hope you enjoy the money **** bags. This user's account has been deleted. I reported the project as someone else mentioned since there is no communication from the creator. To dungeons deep and caverns old We must away ere break of day To find our long-forgotten gold. Is there still anyone here? No update for a loooooooong while... Right whats happened to this one? last update was mid last year WTF Far over, the misty mountains cold Is this still a thing? If by any chance you guys are having trouble with development may I suggest that you see the Sydney or Canberra AIE establishments or Universities? And work out a deal with them and give students a chance to work on a game intended for the market? Either that or apply for a small business Government Grant? Welp.... Did you die? kickstarter said they contacted the creator and spoke to them. but i don't know that that makes me sure anything is going on unless they can take 5 seconds out of their day just to say. "we are still working on it." Alright, this is getting ridiculous. Hey, to the 198 backers that have backed this and occasionally check here, I recommend doing a "Report this to Kickstarter" and select "Post-fund Communcations", or whatever the last one is. So sad coming to this site, looks like things might be dead now. I had really hoped this game would get finished. I just cant imagine supporting another game on kickstarter after this rather epic failure. I still have a slimmer of hope but realistically I believe otherwise. Maybe an update to let everyone know its over? ...Okay, this has been going on too long without an update. I think I am on the verge of asking for a refund. There has been no progress within the past couple of years. :/ Even though I haven't been involved in the project since the Kickstarter, I would still love to see them finish it. The game was still a lot of fun. For the record, I have offered them the background assets that I had already done for them. I don't know if they'll take the offer or not, but I hope that they try to show something off in an update sooner than later. ...and we are now at March. Wheee! 1 year mark. Thanks. I expect it will be worth the wait. Its November 22nd .How about an actual update?. Fair enough about issues outside this project but this project is well delayed and people are getting itchy feet. Hey, guys? Been quite a while! I am starting to get the feeling, too. :/ Welp, I understand the fact that things happen and situations change but it's approaching a year anniversary since the kickstarter started, even just a trailer to show of some of the art changes would be cool at this poinr but it's feeling more and more like a vaporware product. Ahh, I was just about to pop in to comment, too. Alright, gotcha. @RedKnightGames - You guys were doing good on updates for a while there, but it's been two months since the last one... Hope to hear something soon! Appreciate the team being in touch more lately. Digging the behind the scenes art / creation approach :D Well, the March update mentioned about the art director and environment art contractor. But... besides that, I am curious, myself. Whats actually the delay with this?. The goal was reasonably small, delivery due feb 2014. Its June (tomorrow) and there hasn't been an update since Feb 18th Can us backers get some form of approximate delivery date, or at the least a monthly report on whats happening?. REALLY PEOPLE? Not to sound like a jerk, but ANY sort of an update would be welcome right now, even if it is just an explanation of why we haven't gotten a update in a while, haha. I realize you're all probably working hard on this game, but communication is still very much appreciated :) I would like to know a likely release date as to when the game might be done. Also a bi weekly update would be appreciated. Some pictures and videos or something to show us backers what you have done and improved, as well as before and after pictures or before and after comparisons of all that has been done to this point and possible schedule breakdown of how you plan to proceed and how much longer you have. Any updates? curious about a UPDATE guys. Would love to be playing. Hey guys, any update coming soon? Congratulations guys! Congratulations, guys. z_z/ *thuds to sleep* Gotta disagree with the last sentiment. I highly anticipate a Wii U release, and hope the developers look into Paypal funding to reach that goal! This game looks like a Nintendo dream come true :D I think you should have re-arranged the stretch goals for better success. For example, the Bonus Stages should have been the 16 000 tier since nobody really care about the Wii U. Glad to be on board for a digital copy guys. Glad to help an Aussie project too. Congrats on reaching goal! Could I get the SNES controller as an add-on? If so, how much? Hey guys is there any possible way to get the snes controller in a higher tier? I originally was going to do face in the game but changed my reward to all physical (without lowering pledge amount ) after seeing you guys said it was only for physical. ..HOLY HELL, that is one hell of a jump. I was stopping by to check up on this for the night and I suddenly see ($10k) and I was like 'HOLY HELL'. So yeah, congratulations on making it. We have 8 more days to see how far we will get in the campaign. However, we are at least now funded. thats awsome! 1 person took the custom hero skin 3 thousand in one night how!!? omfg we did it nevermind aboutthat last guy he wont' take a random request... but he might take a business inquiry: BUSINESS INQUIRIES: Genna Bain // genna[at]cynicalbrit.com Tried ENB, VaatiVidya and Rurikhan, might push this past total biscuit since there's an open demo Youtube Channels that might be worth contacting <url>’ll come back with some. It’s nice to hear rock paper shotgun has got a hold of this game and gaming blend. Have you guys been talking to gaming media? I’m sure there’s plat former specialised games media that would cover this. I'll put This campain in the Angry Joe kickstarter forums and spread the word a bit. Hey. I like how this game looks. Sorry I don't have too much to give and I'm also not much of a PC gamer. If this ever made it to the 3DS, I would buy it without a second thought! This is gonna cut it close, I'm gonna try and signal boost this a bit. Greetings from canberra red knight I answered where you asked nearly 24 hours ago, but no response from you. It seems that you do not want the conversation you proposed.. I'm very disappointed with the last update. Not well designed stretch goals, and unrealistic amounts. At the speed that this campaing is going, they will be unreachable. 15K for soundtrack? Achivements for an extra 5K?? Double objective funding for only reaching more tracks and achivements, is by far uninteresting. Extra levels and bosses are good effords, but too far away. come on... Looking forward to this awesome game, I love side scrollers! Hey guys. It is good to see that the campaign is making progress so far. Granted, 17 days left and it's almost half-way funded. I will admit, I feel like part of the campaign may suffer from the music. There's something to it that... lacks a zest to really capture the attention of a player. Probably redoing some of the songs with more zest to it may add something to the feel of the game. I backed this because the graphics are awesome! The game is also scrolling really smoother. However, I don't particularly like some of the gameplay mechanics. Some of them are not intuitive, especially when swinging. If you ask me, when you're swinging, just release the swinging button to let go instead of using another button. And it takes a lot of time to turn around when in air. It's like taking too much momentum. Also, I would suggest display boxes to disappear after hitting a button, instead of closing after a short time. I wasn't able to read the most of them. There were some other aspect I didn't particularly like, but I guess the demo is in too early state. Good luck with the project! oh.. :_( but hey! the exclusivity has its price! :P what a piece of artwork this poster! excellent update, but one question @Red Knight, please. Will this poster be available through an add-on? There are several 100$ tiers, so if you're in one that is not the "adventure knight poster"...will you have the chance to get it anyway? And nearly 50%..great! I hope PS4 controllers will work out as well. I use mine for PC gaming as well and Windows 7 seems to detect it right out of the box as a standard USB game pad. The demo is awesome! :D @red knight games programmer, Great stuff, I love hearing back from the programmers as I get the best info on what is going on. Great work guys. wow! awesome new update! that amazing Megadrive box + that snes usb controller! you convinced me to jump to a higer tier! sorry for the triple post just found the bug report email address sorry for that. sending now. Also I i am aware that this game is in the very early stages. So I don't want to sound like a dick . But this was definitly worth my 95$. Hey Red Knight Games, Ultimoore from Rootgamer.com. I just tried the Demo runs great and a even better concept and I as a Linux gamer thank you for thinking of Linux as a platform to bring this game to.but I have a note on pachaging and some questions on gameplay from the demo. Packaging: Note that 90% of pc users use zip files. That is fine and dandy but on Linux you should package the game as a tar.bz2 for ease on all linux distrobutions. Gameplay: note about my setup. I am becoming a livingroom PC gamer and have gamepads to support this filthy habit (Its wonderful). I am using a Logitech F710 wireless gamepad (x4) and anyone who had used the F710 knows there is a switch ontop that allows 2 settings. 1. "D" = Direct Input (so the game reads the gamepad as a plain usb gamepad). 2. "X" = Xbox controller (I think you can figure that out). - Will players be able in the future to set the bindings for both USB and Xbox controllers? As I noticed a massive difference between USB gamepad settings and Xbox gamepad settings. -My res for my TV is 1920 x 1080 when I tried fullscreen the window expanded but the game did not. The Art looks Fantastic, The sound and music is great . This game does much more then give a feeling of nostalga , I really feels like I went back in time an I am that little kid again playing a great plaformer. This will be a great game for Steam Machines (wink) and Steam OS / Linux. Keep it up. TimeZONE, not timeline. Woops. Small note: it is a good idea to engage the audience, as it'll raise the interest and activity. Otherwise, prospective pledgers may lose interest. Mind, I know that you may have some serious timeline differences, but every bit helps! Yeehaawww This game looks like a interesting idea! I think this would greatly fit the ps vita. You should contact sonys indie dept! To begin with, I'm at the lower tier. Let's see what this game has to offer in the upcomming updates. and oh! I'm in for the Wii U port too! Let's hope you consider it! Interesting pixel-art game! It reminds me a lot of the old Actraiser snes game with the Bionic Commando hook. Thanks for bringing such great games on Linux! :) Oh man! I love good platformers and this one looks just amazing! First of all this game looks really interesting and seems to have a lot of potential and I really hope you guys get a lot of support for your Kickstarter. Secondly, I'm just hoping that you would aim even higher. This game would be awesome to port to various consoles, perhaps on Nintendo or the more indie friendly next gen consoles (maybe even OUYA). The Megadrive/Genesis box was a real tease, reminding me of PierSolar by WaterMelon, and if you don't have the know-how yourselves to make ports of the game a reality I guess you wouldn't have much trouble finding someone who could help you with this - all funded by the campaign of course. The gameplay feel seems like a 16-bit version of Shovel Knight, with gameplay elements of Bionic Commando/Hook Champ and Run Saber. If you're able I think you should consider revising your stretch goals and maybe look up options and costs of adding console ports to your Kickstarter. It would probably get more attention in the gaming community and reach out to a broader audience. Just an idea. Once again, I wish you the best of luck with your Kickstarter.