Experience the city in a new way Halfbike brings you a completely new experience. It’s a vehicle that combines running and cycling, which turns out to be remarkably exciting and fun for getting around the city. A bicycle revised both in terms of size and functionality, a new kind of personal vehicle designed with rider experience in mind. Halfbike is light, compact and simple. You stand upright and turn simply by leaning your body. The ride is smooth and sometimes feels like gliding. We hope that Halfbike can show you what pure joy from riding really means. Story It all started from my passion to optimize things that surround me and my love for bicycles. I started sketching different concepts for a simplified bike and soon reached a point where I needed to test these concepts in real life. For some of the early prototypes I used old bicycles and parts I found at the attic. I was amazed how well people reacted to the idea and that made me want to keep up. Along the process other people were drawn into the project creating a small team. After further development and experiments with various rider positions followed by even more prototypes, the desired level of control was finally achieved. What we have now is a patent pending new type of personal vehicle ready for the market. Uses Halfbike is great for commuting and transforms it from a monotonous task into a vibrant part of our everyday life. It is suitable for short distances and in conjunction with public transport could be taken on board for longer trips. Halfbike is compact enough for an elevator, light enough to carry it on stairs and fits into spaces too small for a normal bike. If you just want to do some exercise it’s perfect for a Sunday morning in the park. Riding it mimics low impact style running and is great for “bike-jogging”. The joy of riding it can give you motivation to go out and have some fun. Learning Do you remember what it felt the first time you rode a bicycle? All the excitement from trying something new? Learning from scratch how to ride a Halfbike and improving your skills would certainly be an amazing new experience. That includes at first finding your balance and feeling the ride and then gradually improve. Just follow your body and the rest will come naturally. An empty open space with a smooth pavement is highly recommended for a start. There’s plenty of room, though, to challenge yourself and explore new horizons. Halfbike delivers a unique feeling no matter how you ride it. Build Halfbike is hand made locally from high-quality materials and components. We emphasize on the clear and minimalistic design and optimized details. We take care of the frame and handlebar manufacturing along with all the necessary testing to ensure a high quality product. The lightweight aluminium frame is laser cut and hand welded and the handlebar is hand crafted from impregnated plywood. The rest of the components are meticulously selected and come from a range of well renowned manufacturers. All the pieces will be carefully assembled in our workshop. Reactions No matter where you are going to ride it, you’ll attract people’s looks and bring smiles. Halfbike is a real conversation starter and stands out from the crowd. Be prepared for people stopping you in the street curious what it is, how it works, some will even want to try it. You may consider another mean of transport if you want to keep a low profile. It is contagious! Support We would like to share this new experience with as many people as possible, and for that we need your support. We believe in local manufacturing and the funds from the campaign will be used to start the first batch of production. Our whole hearts are in this project and we thank you. The team Kolelinia is founded by Martin Angelov and Mihail Klenov - two architects sharing a vision about urban mobility and how it can be applied to the contemporary city. Among our other projects are: Kolelinia Path, Dio Grid and Kolelinio. Kolelinia is group of young people dedicated to searching for alternative transport systems. We live in a dynamic time of technological leaps, but at the same time the means of transport fail to keep up. We miss the joy of travel, the human scale and the variety. We believe there is a great potential for smarter vehicles both human-powered and electric ones and we are committed to prove it! Martin Angelov, inventor of Halfbike and co-founder of Kolelinia. A passionate cyclist with experience in manufacturing and working with wood and metal. Sport forms an vibrant part of his day to day life. First prize at the international architectural competition “Line of Site” on the City Transportation Interchange Brief (London). Museum of the City of New York – exhibition The Greatest Grid: The Master Plan of Manhattan organized by The Architectural League of New York. The Design Biennial in Saint Etienne – exhibition La ville mobile. West Coast Green in San Francisco, the world’s largest conference for green innovations. Twice speaker at a TEDx conference. Dear Halfbikers, You've made it really busy for us in the months after the campaign and we are very happy to announce that All Halfbikes are finally on their way. Hooray! As of today most of them have already arrived and the rest will do so in the next few days. We would love to know what do you think about your new Halfbike and how does riding it feels. Pics and videos are of course most welcome and would be very helpful to us. Being able to see you ride your Halfbike would be a bliss for us:) Tracking is available for all shipments. So if for some reason you haven't received a tracking number yet, it's just a technical issue. Just give us an email and we'll send it right away. If you're experiencing any troubles, have a question or just want to say hi, give us an email to either <email> or <email> Thank you all for making this possible! It's a dream come true for us! The Halfbike Team This is the last thing we saw of them: P.S. Once we get our senses back we'll take the time and prepare an update covering everything we've been through for the past several months in detail. You know, all the things that we were unable to share with you just because we were too busy making bikes :) Hello, everyone! We are proud to announce that Mission Amsterdam is accomplished :) Not only that we rode a halfbike in the most bike friendly city in the world but we also had the chance to meet with our backers that live there and deliver their Halfbikes in person. Being able to see their reaction was something that we had only hoped for :) We had a terrific time there and would like to thank you all for making the trip possible! Despite having that much fun we thought it would be a shame to ride just in Amsterdam. So we made a little road trip through Central Europe. At the same time a huge bike-show called Eurobike was taking place in southwestern Germany right next to the Swiss border so this pretty much determined the route. We've already mentioned that we visited a total of seven capitals along the way. More specifically Amsterdam, Berlin, Vienna, Prague, Budapest, Ljubljana and Zagreb. We were very close to making them eight but appalling weather kept us from stopping in Bratislava :( Here is a glimpse of what it was like riding there. Enjoy! And just a small production update. All the components have arrived at last! (Even the long-awaited trucks.) We are now working frantically to finish the bikes and ship them by the end of the month as promised. With a bit of luck we might actually make it so stay tuned :) Dear Halfbikers, Since the start of the campaign many of you stepped in with great suggestions and comments on how to improve the Halfbike. While waiting for all components to arrive we took the time to go through all ideas, sift out the best ones and find a way to implement them. Now the Halfbike accommodates the ideas we felt are making it even better. Apart from the minor tweaks and adjustments we did to fine tune the Halfbike there are a few changes that we would like to point out: - First and most notable - redesigned collapsible handlebar. - We've added a chainguard. - Hollow axle crankset with outside bearings (both lighter and more durable). - Light reflecting strips on the front tire and pedals for additional safety. - Slick rear tires. - Ah, we've also added a seat... Just kidding. And here is what it looks like and functions now :) The specs have also changed a bit: We want you to be the first to know about the "new" Halfbike. In the days to come we'll be posting some more photos on the website as well as on our Facebook page. You can check them out if you are curious. And again if you have any comments, thoughts or like to tell us something we would love to hear it :) Dear Backers, We are very happy to announce that the first rewards are on their way, hooray! Making the T-shirts was certainly a lot of fun and we've made you this short video just to get you a glimpse of the process. We've put quite a lot of T-shirts and even more stickers into that many envelopes and after making several trips to the post office everything is on its way now! We had friends and family helping out with folding, labeling and packaging and even still it took us good 3 days to complete. We really hope you like the rewards as much as we enjoyed making them! Now that this is done we can really focus on the Halfbikes. All major components are already on their way. We'll use the time before the bits and pieces start arriving to finish the design of the bike so once we've got everything we can start the actual production. The two aspects of the design and functionality that we are tinkering are integrating gears and a collapse-able handlebar. We are still testing them but so far both look promising :) We'll soon unveil the "new" Halfbike and would very much like to hear your impressions. Any comments, thoughts and opinions would be very helpful. Hopefully the design will be all done within the next several weeks and we can start manufacturing the frames and handlebars. P.S. Pictures of you with the rewards would be most welcome. We would love to see the faces of all the people who helped turn the project into reality. We can also use the photos for a little side project :) Cheers :) Thank you so much! We've done it. Thanks to your help and support Halfbike is going into production. Your reactions and feedback has been incredibly encouraging. It's been quite a month for us and we're delighted that Halfbike will now join the variety of human powered vehicles and enrich contemporary bike culture. Now we are keen to know more about the people who made all this possible so we'll be sending out emails / surveys to you over the next few weeks. This would allow us to gather all necessary information we need to fulfill your rewards. We're in for a lot of work in the months to come but we are quite enthusiastic. You should also expect updates whenever the project reach a milestone or we just want to say hi :) We look forward to getting your Halfbikes out to you in a few months. And most of all hear back from you how it really felt :). Meanwhile if you have any questions, comments or feedback please send us a message or a mail. We'll be more than happy to stay in touch. You turned our world upside down! Thank you! Thank you! <url>"Mission Amsterdam"! This means that we are going (most likely in July) to try out the Halfbike and present it to the world's most bike friendly city. Backers living close by or anyone else who wants to come to Amsterdam are more than welcome to join us. We will be very happy to meet the people who made this possible. We can also bring along your rewards so you can receive them in person. Seeing you ride a Halfbike for the first time and hearing back from you would be priceless. How does it sound? Hello Halfbikers, it's been a while since the last update. If you are wondering what we've been doing lately here is a hint: we've been thinking how to better suite your halfbikes to your specific needs. We know that the variety of possible uses is endless and would very much like if anyone can personalize their ride. We are currently developing a range of add-ons and accessories that could be easily added to a halfbike. Imagine them like a new set of clothes that could be changed whenever you like.Things like a foldable handlebar, rain kit, integrated lights, luggage rack, gears, electric pedal assist etc. We think that the best thing about the campaign by far is the community that has been born and would like to make all this with you guys taking part at every step along the way. Join the discussion and help us make your halfbikes fit you like a glove! Sounds a bit frightening right? Well not to English adventurer Dave Cornthwaite . We've got great news guys, Dave wants to travel more than a 1000 miles by Halfbike as a part of his expedition 1000 ( 25 journeys of 1000 miles or more, each using a different form of non-motorized transport ). It's really hard to describe how excited we are right now. We can't wait to make it happen! And you? <url>#4 though. Currently the brake is on the rear wheels so no need to worry when doing downhill. As far as the price is concerned I really don't see how even an entry level model could possibly cost less than only the rear truck does now. We'ill give our best to drive the price down once production scales up but we are in no way willing to outsource the production to some Chinese factory just to make it cheap. @ Ray Knight: The automatic hub does sound great. The problem is that the hub changes the gear based on how fast the wheel rotates and the ones we found so far are designed to shift at 9-10 mph when used with 26 or 28" rims. Ours is 20" so it will shift earlier because of its smaller circumference. This practically means that it will shift when you reach 5-6 mph. We are still looking for a hub that will be a better fit so stay tuned. @ Josh Gilbert: Josh looks like that the "community of oddballs" prefers sending messages instead of leaving comments. I really feel than now I type twice as fast compared to the beginning of the campaign :) We are just preparing an update regarding pretty much all that's been suggested so far so stay tuned ;) @ Michael Cooper: It is 40 x 16 x 51 in. (100 x 40 x 130 cm) there is a chart containing all specs of the halfbike about halfway down the page. @ VICTOR SKULICZ: the retail price of the Halfbike depends heavily on the outcome of the campaign. We don't have a exact figure yet but initially it will at least match the price here. As for the big reward most of the money will go toward paying for the trip itself. If we planned on including a share we would have mentioned it. @ Mark Sunday: we'll be expecting a photo then :) Hi Bradley, all expenses paid should be read as: All travel expenses, accommodation, keep him occupied with activities he hopefully likes and we promise to feed him well :). Starring in a video (We would be making a short video covering the trip and it would be great if he wants to take part. Since he will be the first official Halfbike user sharing his experience is something we are looking forwards to) But most of all we'll try to make the trip so it fits him. Going around town on a Halfbike and seeing people's faces, meeting local bike communities, are just some suggestions we thing could be a good start of an awesome trip. We'll try to keep him out of those casinos though :) Hi Ray, you are right! The hub does have a freewheel indeed. We still need make some tests to see how it works but stay tuned. It looks good and I think it has a standing chance. Hi Martin, I just did a little research and it turns out that the hub you proposed has coaster brake. I knew it sounded too good to be true. It's great to have gears, but you also need to be able to paddle backwards as well. It's handy when you need to adjust the pedals to a comfortable position. Furthermore we don't want to put a front brake because of the short wheelbase and relatively high center of gravity. Hi Martin, thanks! That is a great suggestion. We should seriously consider recruiting you and Lauquin Jean :) One of the main reasons we rejected most of the different gear systems was because of all the added complexity that came along with them. The one that you proposed seems to fix all that. We need to test it first though. Hi Jean, thanks for the great suggestion! We'll definitely think how we could do it without sacrificing either the Halfbikes simplicity nor the price. Hi Andy, great suggestion. Since the very beginning we've been thinking of ways to make it fold-able without sacrificing it's simplicity though. It's something that we are still working on and you should be among the first to know if we get there. Thanks again for the great idea! Hi Peter, Riding is quite smooth (if ridden over decent pavement) and mimics low impact style running. I assume it should be good for your back though I'm not a specialist. Sorry for not being more specific but I don't feel competent to give medical advice. Hi Johan, you are right that a hub gear could facilitate climbing steeper slopes, but only to a certain degree. The Halfbike is not really made for climbing steep hills. As long as the T-handle is concerned the rider will intuitively try to twist in order to turn like he would on a normal bike and Halfbike works by leaning. So we feel that the handlebar is better off like it is now. Hi Josh, great questions. The height of the handlebar is not adjustable but we will pass a survey among all backers and will ship their Halfbikes with a handle corresponding to their height. The optimum hight/weight range is mostly a matter of personal feel and comfort. We've tested the Halfbike with riders with various height and we can put the comfort range somewhere between 5' 2'' and 6' 4''. Very tall riders (more than 6' 4'') seem to find it a bit awkward. The same applies to the rider's weight. Someone heavier than 220-230 lb will find it less comfortable. But again these are just some approximate guidelines. It is suitable for both recreation and exercise the only difference being the rider style. You can take it easily or really put some effort. Hi Martin, We expected the US and the EU to be our main markets and as we already said we believe in local manufacturing, so yes the Halfbikes for EU backers will be shipped from within the EU and respectfully US backers will have theirs shipped from the US. We wanted the Halfbike to cost the same and be equally accessible for backers regardless of their location so that is how we intend to do it. Thanks for the tip Kristina! Honestly riding downhill is a blast. It feels so smooth and relaxing. Similar to skiing actually. Going uphill is alright as long as it is a gentle slope but if it gets too steep I'm afraid that you may need to walk it :( Thanks for the idea Antti! Looks that the Trigger Bell will be a great addition to a Halfbike indeed. We'll keep an eye on their campaign as well. All rewards include worldwide shipping. We want them to be equally accessible to all backers regardless of their location. This user's account has been deleted. Yay, got mine today! Now to find my helmet. What is the recommended psi (in lbs) for the tires please? The front feels a little flat. Just got mine today. Boy is it hard to learn new tricks at my age. What a workout! Great work guys its a joy to ride. Well done guys. Very good project - just wish I had had enough money to buy one? Is there any where one can try it out in London? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi received it next monday, I was in holidays, so I just picked up thursday. Cleary it takes time to manage the halfbike but it's fun !! I have the feeling my halfbike is turning on the right, do you have the same behaviour? Thank you Kolelinia for your project ! Woohoo! Just got a shipping notice! Thanks guys, can't wait!!! This user's account has been deleted. Nice! Where are you located Ulrich? Did you get a shipping notice? This user's account has been deleted. Hi, From my experience DHL's shipments always undergo inspection and taxation (and DHL's handling fees are steep!) whereas others' do not. If other carriers are cheaper then we both win. Please let me know if you can use another carrier. Thanks! Hi, It is my (bad) experience that shipping with DHL always incur the highest import taxes and also handling fees compared to other carriers. I've backed numerous projects and found similar comments regarding DHL specifically from fellow backers. Is it possible to use a different carrier? Fedex, UPS and so on? They also offer fast delivery and usually rates are pretty much the same. Disclaimer: I, or anybody in my family do not work for any international carrier :) Great news guys! Which carrier will be used to ship the orders internationally? What will be the declared value? The weather is starting too cool off so I'm excited to get pedaling - any update on shipping? Got my T-Shirt, thanks! I hope you can start the mass production of the half bikes soon :). This is a great project. cheers This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Amazon seem to suspend my account pending verification of my identity. I have submitted the information needed to Amazon but still waiting for their action. In the meantime, is there another way to get the money to you guys? This user's account has been deleted. Congrats guys! :-) I'm glad the campaign was successful!!! There's going to be a lot of celebrating. We're so happy for the whole team. John and Maria YEA!!! Congratulations, Kolelinia! WAY TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! John and Maria This user's account has been deleted. Congrats ;) Amazing, I am truly happy! Congratulations in meeting the goal!!!!! Up 15 from me as well! I've just increased my t-shirt to $40 and now you are only one halfbike away from the goal! Good luck!:) Donated $899 and hopefully this is success, meanwhile, is that Double O a water-proof design? Just send out this question to Paul and waiting for answer as well. Besides, is there more colour choices such as matt black? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'll make sure you guys pledge your sum. Just gave 899 and will have a colleague to do the same. We're almost there! This user's account has been deleted. Upgraded my halfbike pledge with 25$. Hey backers. Let's give this project final push it certainly deserves! I just went up to $1250USD from $950USD . So I increased at least $12. This user's account has been deleted. Not long to go, best of luck and hope you can make it the rest of the way! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. After a lot of consideration, I've upped my pledge! I think this is a great project - the development of new modes of urban transport can only be a good thing - will be very interested in following the development of this project and also seeing the new ideas that are born from the process! Good luck towards reaching the goal! Go Bears! Come on let's do it, almost there! As a retired aeronautical engineer, the elegant simplicity and functional focus of design was immediately apparent to me. I'm honored to be with a $899 pledge and am now going to up it another $100 as my way of encouraging your efforts. I look forward to success!! I really hope that this campaign succeeds. It seems like the project would be just as possible with 95%+/- of it's funding. Frustrating that Kickstarter doesn't have anything in place that would allow for some sort of vote/agreement to be struck between backers and projects owners agreeing to move forward despite not hitting absolutely 100%. Or some way for the project owner to lower their goal amount at the last minute to allow for it to succeed... I'm sure that if those things were in place, someone would find a way to abuse that. But I really don't want this one to fail. How much do you really need to make a bike like this? I would be able to do it for $1000 all in, using scrap metal. I am suspicious that the funds are being misappropriated and would like clarification in this regard. Its always easy to spend someone elses money :) I'm interested. I assume you have all these in mind, but here are my requests: 1. compact, collapsible, carry on a plane, backpack-able 2. optional (swappable) treadmaster instead of pedal and crank 3. granny gear for climbing San Francisco streets 4. rear wheel brakes (not keen on downhill in the wet with a front wheel brake.) 5. rain fenders to suppress tire spray in the wet 6. optional very wide wheels for off-road (ish) especially grass, sand Thinking about folding, while I like it light and rigid, I wonder if a pivot under the steering arm might also allow for folding and suspension with a coil-over shock between the rear fork arms. The steering arm could be a telescopic rod, adjustable for rider height and preference. I think riders will want handlebars to be able to balance and put power into the pedaling. Not to get too far along the design arc, but it looks like a platform suited to an auxiliary electric drive with regenerative braking, etc. Something borrowed from electric skateboards would likely integrate into that rear truck and wheel assembly. Maybe a wider rear track for "novice" riders and a narrower rear for easy street riding and riders wanting different handling? As far as price point goes, for the simple "treadly" design, I'm guessing an entry level model around $199 would bring the (crucial) widespread early adopter population and usage that these alternate-bikes (invariably) fail to achieve. If the real price point is $800 or higher, as suggested by the pledge prices, this will be a hipster gadget for a few geeks, which is fine, but it would be great to see these things stacked up (in their folded, backpack configuration) in the foyers of buildings and under the feet of train commuters, et al, all around the world in their millions. In any case, good luck! Of the two hubs suggested I think I like the idea of the automatic one more. @Lauquin Jean But I've never used a geared hub like these before so I really don't know. Seems like kick shifting would interrupt the pedaling process...am I wrong? Really hoping this campaign succeeds so I can use this as my daily commuter. Though, it may have to compete with my OneWheel for that role. Been seeing all sorts of good press/articles on this, so fingers crossed. Any info on the dimensions of the halfbike? Surprised to see there isn't more conversation going on in here - wonder why over 200 of us are so quiet? Seems like Halfbike should make for a pretty cool community of oddballs. Guess all that matters is that word is continuing to get out - not a whole lot of time left. Any update on either the folding aspect brought up down below or the kick shift hub? @KICKSTARTER - thank you for the info. Can you confirm the cost of the contribution on the basis I pay for my own trip. THANKS. I think $7,000 is too expensive for a weekend away with no equity. But I like the project, thanks. I plan on affixing a stick horse into the grip, and riding around Jackson Hole like a grinning idiot! Hi, I am interested in this project, and even the higher donation of $7,000. Can you please tell me the estimated cost of this bike when it comes to market? For $7,000 is there a share in the business? Thanks. He can get his own plane ticket and stuff. He can have the bike, the expenses go towards my fun though. :) Just did the $1 pledge to comment, I may up it later after I talk to my mom so that we can maybe split it and get my dad one. He likes to run, but his knees are getting bad from the impact, and I think it'd be pretty hilarious seeing him in this self-powered Segway. That and it'd be good for him, and if he liked it I'd see less of him :). And as for the trip, by all expenses paid, does that mean many nights out on the town and lots of money spending is covered? And what about shopping? Probably easier in english : <url>€ Upon further research, it looks like Sturmey is re-using their PDF from the S2C (C for Coaster Brake). The S2 as linked previously does not have this brake. Just to follow up on Lauquins suggestion. What about a Sturmey Archer S2 Duomatic hub. It's 2-speed, freewheel and changes between its gears by pedaling backwards (kick shift). Very simple and available for < 100$. <url>"drag" around when not riding. You guys should think about it~ Would it not be possible to incorporate a hub gear to assist on steeper slopes? Also, just curious as to why you don't have a small T-handle? Just wondering if the height of the handlebar is adjustable at all, or if there is a specific height range/weight the Halfbike is best suited to? Also, as far as exercise - is this more geared for recreation and fun, or could it be used as a sort of cross training piece of equipment? Only ask because "Sunday morning in the park" and "short distances" seem to downplay the workout factor. That said, it is one sweet looking machine! Thanks for clarification :o) Kolelinia seems to be located in Sofia/Bulgaria. Where are the Halfbikes shipped from? I hope you plan to ship the Halfbike from Bulgaria to EU backers and from Tucson, AZ for everybody else. The halfbike doesn't only seems as cool to have but also as a great multi-muslce-groups trainer especially compared to a normal bike. I guess that could be yet another very strong selling point especially for office people stuck on their chairs for 8+ hours. I just wonder how easy and respectively safe it is to ride it up and down a hill and whether you have thought of including a small storage compartment...like for a small shopping bag or a girls handbag? As a backer of both these inspiring projects, I hope I can mount my trigger bell to my halfbike later on this year, when projects are successfully funded and ended. Just wondering if You would like to do kind of transatlantic co-operation and combine a bit those two innovations? Trigger bell would be good addition to halfbike I think. Great project! Hope to be riding one soon Is international shipping included? Is halfbikes for backers in the EU shipped from the US?