Bring super luxury hand spun made from single breeds fiber to the market. I hand spun and hand dye this 100% Polwarth yarn. Super Luxury Handspun single breed yarns One of the things about being a knitter or a crocheter is that often options at the local yarn stores are very limited. However, when we decide we want to try different breeds of wool the options are overwhelming and confusing. It would be great if there was a middle ground. That is the point of this project to create that middle ground. Grey Sulfolk I spun myself. in center pull ball The goal of this project is to bring single breed wool yarns to the public in user friendly way. With this project you can try one breed, two breeds, four breeds, eight breeds, twelve or even 26 breeds. This will allow you to dip a toe or take a full dive into the wide world of single breed yarns. Devon Fiber with the Notecard/Labels that will included with rewards I will hand spin all of the fiber into yarns myself. This will be a fun and exciting project. I will share lots of pictures at every step of the way so I hope you will join us and help the project become a reality. The funding for this project will pay for: FIBER! I have a number of sources that will be able to provide me with as much fiber as needed for the project. A high quality production spinning wheel. Yarn Handspun by me. How Kickstarter works: Funding on Kickstarter is all-or-nothing. If you like the project, you can pledge money to help make it become a reality. If the project succeeds in reaching its funding goal, all backers' credit cards are charged when time expires (the project ends on a sunday night so that it is right after a payday :) ). If the project falls short, no one is charged, and I spend the night drinking away my sorrows. Find me and my etsy shop online: www.facebook.com/kouturecrochet kouturecrochet.etsy.com Merino Sheep source:wikipedia. Merino wool is extremely soft and feels great next to skin. What is the project?The goal of the project is simply to bring single sheep breed yarns to market in an affordable and user friendly way. Corriedale sheep; source wikipedia Corriedale wool is also extremely soft! Why single breed yarns?Just as different breeds of dogs are breed for different jobs, throughout the last hundreds of years different regions and groups of people breed sheep to fulfill different needs. Some breeds were bred for their meat or wool or both. Wool of sheep bred for their wool will have different characteristics, usually softer and higher yields. Wool from animals bred for their meat varies greatly and is full of surprises. The best way to know "what is what" is to feel the yarn and work with it. However, there are hundreds of breeds and thousands of varieties. One skein of single breed yarn can be anywhere from $15 - $70. As a result most of us do not have the means to try more than a few breeds in a lifetime. I have narrowed down the list to just 26 breeds. Most are fairly common and fairly easy to find. These breeds vary greatly from the insanely soft, rare and colorful California Variegated Mutant to the workaday, affordable Masham. There is the silky Polwarth and the rough and sturdy Jacob and so much more. Shetland Sheep; Source: wikipedia Shetland wool comes in many colors & is great for sweaters and colorwork. How will you bring these yarns to market? The first step is to get this project funded. Once the project is funded, It will all depend on how successful the project turns out to be and how big the demand is. The yarns will be available for sale (at a higher price) in my etsy shop ( kouturecrochet.etsy.com ). Depending on the demand I can handspin the yarn and sell it in my etsy shop or if the demand is greater I will set up a website and have already begun the research and taken the first steps to get it spun at a larger scale spinning mill. Teeswater Sheep; Source: wikipedia How will the money be allocated (so far)? As you can see even though the goal has been met, in order to offer the best yarn as soon as possible we need to spread the word to get more funding. The breakdown does not include my time or unexpected expenses. The current breakdown is as follows: $565 wheel $216 kickstarter and amazon payment fees $829.25 fiber $250 shipping $40 mailing envelopes with shipping $227 Unforeseen expenses Total needed $2,127.25 Total raised $2,047 Difference -$80.25 Jacob yarn handspun by me and unspun Jacob Fiber. STRETCH GOALS!! 100% FULLY FUNDED! - REACHED! 150% Everyone who pledged $52 or more gets a mystery 1oz skein of a breed not already included in your pack! -REACHED!!! 225% EVERYONE getting a shipped item, gets a mystery 1oz skein of a breed not already included in your pack. If you pledged $52 or more you will get 2 (two) mystery 1oz skeins of breeds not already included in your pack! -REACHED!!! 290% Spinning Wheel Upgrade to the Hansen MiniSpinner. This is a VERY important milestone. The Electric spinning wheel is fast, high quality, accurate and easy to use. This means that rewards will go out VERY quickly. This would allow rewards to go weeks or even an entire month early. 350% Surprise unlocked! And last but not least I will take part in Kickin It Forward. I believe strongly in supporting other start ups and I want to support other projects I love! Ok so where are we with shipping? As of today before I start shipping, most levels have been shipped, what remains is as follows: Some of the Learner's Collection, 5 more are going out later today, Merino reward level, simply put I ran out of merino, I have ordered more but it will take a little while to arrive. Most of the 4 breed mystery packs will go out in the next few days. All levels getting 12 or more, international, and all levels with cashmere. This sounds like there is a lot left, but really its just different small bottlenecks. I am so sorry for my international backers. Basically, the choice I face every time I get to an international level, "Do I ship this one international package or do I ship 3 local packages?" It's not really fair but basically international shipping costs went up a lot after I launched and I charged far less than the cost, so thats my sad and entirely not ok excuse. I really do apologize. Sadly, this means more waiting for most international backers. The 4 Breed Mystery packs have basically been waiting till I was done shipping the Learner's Collection. I wanted to make sure everyone getting 12 or more breeds gets that and that they get a great mix of the three main classes of wool Ancient Breeds, Longwools, and Fine Wools. But unless you are getting cashmere in this pack yours should be ready to ship in the new few days as well. I wanted to share this sharing video I made yesterday of me spinning some babydoll southdown for those getting 12 or more breeds as my thank you all for your understanding. According to wikipedia: "The original blood line of the English Southdowns are the "Baby Doll" Southdowns in the US. They have been selected specifically for their smaller size of the original blood lines and a focus on wool and hobby breeding rather than commercial meat production. In California and New Zealand, they are placed in vineyards to graze weeds because they are too short to reach the grapes on the vines.[3][4] Baby Doll breeders claim that their sheep are closer to the old, traditional, British Southdown than are the commercial Southdown sheep being grown today." But they are CUTE!! and here is the video of me spinning some! <url>"Pledge $10 or more A skein of yarn spun by me from 100% MASHAM in UNDYED sliver gray. About 2oz; 52 to 57 grams. 2ply." but you want 2 skeins of masham. just pledge $20.02 this lets me know that you want two of the same. or if you want 3 skeins just pledge $30.03 and so on. You can also do this with pledge levels that have multiple breeds. For example If you want a 4oz skein of each breed in this pack: "Pledge $52 or more LEARNER'S COLLECTION: 1oz, 2ply, skein hand spun by me from each of the following breeds: Blue Faced Leicester, Cheviot, Corriedale, Masham, Merino, Polwarth, Shetland Gray Sulfolk." just pledge $208.04, plus shipping for international orders. This will also work with Mystery Breed Packs. For example: "Pledge $36 - 4 BREED MYSTERY PACK. 1oz, 2ply, skein hand spun by me from four different breeds. These breeds will be chosen at random so no requests can be made. " If you want 3oz of each of the breeds in the pack just pledge $108.03 This will affect all the breeds in your pack not just one. This is the case because the kickstarter survey system has a lot of limitations and does not allow me to ask only some people questions. Therefore every question in the survey would need to be answered by every person. This method allows users to get larger/more skeins if they which for as many ounces as they need without adding a lot of extra questions to the survey that everyone would have to answer (such as: did you add extra skeins, which breed, how many oz, etc). One last note this is to get larger skeins of the same breeds. To get more skeins from different breeds you can always go to a different level that meets your needs. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!! This has been amazing, and we are just getting started! PICTURES I wanted to let everyone know that I finally have my camera out of storage and was about to take some pictures of the yarn. These pictures show the made spun yarn in much more detail. You can see some of the "slightly thick and thin" that I put into my handspun yarn. The images have been updated on the front page for the project. I am including them here: I hope you like them and that they give you a clearer vision of what to expect! You can clearly see even from these images that different breeds have different characteristics. VIDEO Rebecca from ChemKnits has some amazing how to videos on yarn dying. In fact it was through her videos that I learned to dye yarn. She has kindly accepted a few samples and run an experiment to see how different breeds take up food coloring dye! YUM!!! <url>"Pledge $10 or more A skein of yarn spun by me from 100% MASHAM in UNDYED sliver gray. About 2oz; 52 to 57 grams. 2ply." but you want 2 skeins of masham. just pledge $20. 02 this lets me know that you want two of the same. or if you want 3 skeins just pledge $30.03 and so on. You can also do this with plegde levels that have multiple breeds. For example If you want a 4oz skein of each breed in this pack: "Pledge $52 or more LEARNER'S COLLECTION: 1oz, 2ply, skein hand spun by me from each of the following breeds: Blue Faced Leicester, Cheviot, Corriedale, Masham, Merino, Polwarth, Shetland Gray Sulfolk." just pledge $208.04 , plus shipping for international orders. This will also work with Mystery Breed Packs. For example: "Pledge $36 - 4 BREED MYSTERY PACK. 1oz, 2ply, skein hand spun by me from four different breeds. These breeds will be chosen at random so no requests can be made. " If you want 3oz of each of the breeds in the pack just pledge $ 108.03 This will affect all the breeds in your pack not just one. This is the case because the kickstarter survey system has a lot of limitations and does not allow me to ask only some people questions. Therefore every question in the survey would need to be answered by every person. This method allows users to get larger/more skeins if they which for as many ounces as they need without adding a lot of extra questions to the survey that everyone would have to answer (such as: did you add extra skeins, which breed, how many oz, etc). One last note this is to get larger skeins of the same breeds. To get more skeins from different breeds you can always go to a different level that meets your needs. Note Cards are Here! It has been a very fun and exciting 21 days! I never expected to be already funded so soon. But we are NOT done! Note Cards for Your Records As the project grows, so do the expenses but so does the quality! Originally I was just going to get plain index cards and write everything out in my chicken scratch handwriting for those of you getting more than 1 breed in the mail. However, I have decided to have custom wallet card sized note cards printed. This is a archival quality, thick card stock that easily takes all ink and graphite types so that you can take notes on how the breed sample feels to you and what types of projects will be best for that particular breed of fiber Here is the proof! I cant wait for these to arrive. The cards are about the size of a business card I am very excited about these cards as they will make my life (and yours) much easier. Spreading the love! Finally I wanted to take a brief moment to share some other Kickstarter projects that I love and have either backed or hope to do so. D'ORO Selections olive oil sensations I'm not a foodie, but I do love my starch and I love dipping bread in olive oil so I am very much looking forward to doing so with this olive oil. Spinner's End Farm is seeking to rescue 14 alpacas. Both of my cats (which I am allergic to LOL ) are both rescues (one is an oriental shorthair mix and the other is a pure breed maine coon) and alpaca is one of my favorite fibers! I prefer alpaca to almost anything else (including cashmere) for scarves and blankets so I would love to back this project. Until next time, have a great week! Karia We are funded. Oh Emm Gee!!! Thank you all so much!! I honestly thought it would take 40 days to get funded, you have humbled and impressed me in 15 days! But we arent done: Free stuff awaits at 150% and more free stuff awaits at 225%! Moving I am in the final stages of an epic move. Long story short, the fixer upper had been fixed up. The final stages of putting in the bamboo floor are going to end this week. If all goes according to plan the next update will made from my new apartment! Managing Most Kickstarter Projects ship late . Sometimes the wait is a little short and sometimes its very long. My goal is to do everything I can ship on time or early. Prior to launching, I spent a great deal of time reading about how to make the best kickstarter campaign possible. I have been taking a lot of steps in the background. One thing you might have noticed that there is in a limit in the number of backers for each category. The limits are based on what i can realistically make and ship within that deadline. As pledge levels sell out I will add new ones, but these will ship out later. I know that sometimes, folks like to wait till a project is almost over to pledge, but remember that popular levels for delivery in July will likely sell out before funding day. I also wanted to share some of the press the project has gotten so far: <url>