Haunts: The Manse Macabre is a turn-based horror game that allows you to play either side of the haunting - the dangerous denizens or the intrepid intruders. We’ve spent $42,500 on development so far and just need another $20,000 to see us through to completion. Mob Rules Games believes transparent business practices are vital to earning your trust, and will make our budget, expenses, sales, and schedule publicly available. Every $5 pledged earns you additional copies of the game, which you can give away or sell as you please. We plan to release Haunts: The Manse Macabre in time for Halloween this year. FUNDED! Now We Stretch! Thanks to the 1000 or so generous donors, we have done it. Now, we can try for even more. We had a survey of supporters a few weeks ago, asking which monsters we should add to the game. You all picked some great winners, but there were plenty of popular runners up. We thought we'd see if you wanted to put them in the game too. For Every $1000 we raise over the $25,000 original ask, we'll add in another of these Denizens. Since we're already over $26k, the obvious first Bonus Denizen is the exactly tied Ancient Ones. The rest will come online in the following order: $27,000 Unlocks The Runner-Up Evil Genius $28,000 Unlocks the Runner-Up Vampire $29,000 Unlocks the Runner-Up Psychopath $30,000 Unlocks the Alternate Creepy Child $31,000 We'll look at other Abominations and see what people like. $26,000 - Already Unlocked! Both Ancient Ones $27,000 Unlock: Evil Genius $28,000 Unlock: Vampire $29,000 Unlock: Psychopath $30,000 Unlock: Creepy Child The Game Haunts: The Manse Macabre is a turn-based game for PC/Mac/Linux that allows players to take control of either the haunting denizens that have earned this infamous home its dire reputation or as the intrepid intruders determined to pry loose the Tyree Manse’s dread secrets. It can be played versus another player or versus the AI, online or all alone. A lengthy single-player campaign tells the house’s horrifying history and unlocks new denizens and intruders to use in the game. Scores of maps combined with variable goals, customizable rosters, and a variety of opponents offer endlessly unique and re-playable games. Each side begins the game by choosing their forces in secret, so that their opponent has no idea what kind of units and abilities they’ll face. The Intruders recruit a squad of three people, each of which can have different equipment and special abilities. There are weapons, psychic or magic powers, special scientific gear, ancient relics, and so on. They also secretly pick what kind of goal they’re trying to achieve by searching the Tyree Manse. The Intruders could be trying to recover an artifact or dark tome, cleanse the house of its evil spirits, or solve one of the house’s many mysteries. The Denizens will have to defend against any of the goals the Intruders might be after, but the haunters have plenty of surprises of their own. They get to choose the nature of the haunting. Phantasms, Cultists, Abominations, Undying, Psychopaths: each comes with its own set of leaders, servitors, and minions. Creatures range from powerful monsters that can tear a foolhardy explorer to pieces, to small orbs that can spy on the intruders. Each leader has unique powers used to plague the Intruders, which range from temporary pools of darkness, to poltergeist attacks that damage and disorient, to reality warping changes to the house itself. Players have no idea what their opponent is doing, until they discover it for themselves during the game. Light and darkness have crucial roles in determining how the game plays out, since it’s always in your best interest to hide your movements from your foe even as you try to suss out what they’re up to. With its mercurial maps, hidden agendas, and stealthy maneuvers punctuated by macabre attacks, Haunts: The Manse Macabre builds tension like a great ghost story should. Whether or not it has a happy ending depends, of course, on your point of view. Every $5 Buys You Another Copy of the Game For every $5 you give to support Haunts: The Manse Macabre, you will receive a code good for downloading one copy of the game. You can (and are encouraged to) give away the extra codes to friends, to sell them to strangers, or print them out and frame them as a testament to your generosity and fine taste. So, for example, if you donate $25, you’ll not only get a copy of the game for yourself, but four other copies. That’s one for your best friend as a Halloween present, one for that special someone you’re trying to woo with promises of digital horror, and two that you can sell to other gamers who’re just looking for a good time. We consider each $5 a pre-sale of the game. We might well ending up actually selling it for a few bucks more than that, but we’re happy as hell to book the sales now. What happens to those copies of the game afterwards is up to you - they’re yours. Why We Need the Money Haunts: The Manse Macabre has been under development since December, 2011, when we let everyone who registered on our site vote to decide which game we would make. Haunts was the winner, and we’ve been working hard on it ever since. The Lewis Charitable Foundation invested in the initial development. Spread out over three milestones - all of which we have met - the investment totalled $42,500. We’re still using that money to pay salaries for two of our three developers, along with other basic business costs like licensing software and promotion. We need another $20,000 to finish the game and make sure it’s as good we can make it. We're asking for $5000 more than what we need in order to cover the cut Amazon and Kickstarter take as well as promotional costs. Mob Rules Games believes that radical transparency is the best way for us to do business - that if we are as open and straightforward as possible with our customers and the world, we’ll both earn their trust and be able to operate in an open and honest manner. We post our budget, schedule, progress, investors, and corporate policies on our web site. We will tell you exactly how much money we’ve spent and how we use every dollar that comes in through this Kickstarter. Once the game is released, we will tell you exactly how many we’ve sold, how much money we’ve made, and so on. And you don’t just have to take our word for it. Thus far all of our operating capital has come from investments by the Lewis Charitable Foundation, a non-profit with the goal of promoting radical transparency in business. We’re already accountable to them, but we want to be accountable to you as well. For those who want to know more about our open business model, check out mobrulesgames.com. There we have details about the budget and schedule, an explanation of our rather unusual, project-based investment model, and a description of our worker-controlled corporate structure. Why We Need Your Voice Mob Rules Games is just three full time developers plus a few talented part-time contractors. We have a vision and a plan and we’re working hard, but we want input from our customers and players too. Our first vote chose our game, and we think that worked out really well. With limited time and resources, there are other decisions to make as well. Which denizens should we include? Which intruders? What other features does the game need? Is it any fun? We want to put these questions to you, the supporters. So before or after you’ve pledged support, we hope you’ll come over to mobrulesgames.com, register with us, and make your voice heard. Things are not going well. There has been no forward progress on the game, although there has been hard work put in trying to get the project back on track. Michael, a backer and friend and programmer, has been volunteering his time to dig into the code and try and see why no one has been able to get a version of the game to compile that even matches the unfinished state it was in when Jonathan (the original programmer) left. Michael has been unable to get a working version of the game to compile. He reached out directly to Jonathan for help. When Jonathan tried to get the game working from the current code, he also failed. He could not get a version of the game to work either, even using his own computer and expertise. He has not responded to additional requests for aid or insight into solving this very huge problem. I don’t have the technical expertise to understand exactly how that could be. Michael, who does have the technical expertise, is also at a bit of a loss, other than the fact that the shifting code base of the Go programming language combined with either changes in Lua or OpenGL libraries created some crippling incompatibility that Michael can’t track down and which apparently foiled even Jonathan’s attempt to create a working version. With things that screwed up, some sort of more drastic action is called for. I’m still weighing my options, but there have been some parties who’ve expressed an interest in taking a crack at the problem. Or possibly we might take the art assets and design and try and use them in a whole other game engine. Financially I’m way in the hole on this project. I did not take any payment during development and put thousands of my own dollars into the company. I’m still paying for things like taxes and accounting fees out of my own pocket at this point. I also now have started a job, since I can no longer afford to drain my savings to work on Haunts, especially given how far off any kind of income from the projects seems. I have been giving refunds as people request them, and will continue to do so as best as I can afford it. If you want your money back, send me an email through Kickstarter and I can refund you through Paypal. Kickstarter doesn’t process refunds and Amazon Services will require me to send them an email request for each refund since it has been more than 60 days, so Paypal is definitely the fastest way. I’m sorry this has all gone to hell. I still hope for some kind of Haunts something, but there’s no longer an obvious path from here to there. Instead I’m left looking for less obvious paths. I am personally mortified at how things have turned out and I beg your forgiveness. Rick I’ve owed you all an update for a while, but frustratingly there hasn’t been much news to report. We got off to a roaring good start with community involvement in the open source Haunts effort, but we pretty quickly ran into a software roadblock that stymied all our efforts. Resolving has proved quite a challenge. Almost as challenging was actually understanding why we were having so much trouble. As a non-programmer, I could grasp the issue in theory but I didn’t think I could explain it well. So, I asked Michael, who’s an old friend and project backer who has been working on Haunts a lot, to explain it: “Haunts is written in Go, a new and quickly evolving programming language developed at Google to address certain programming challenges that are important to the kind of work they do. There is nothing special in Go that makes it particularly well suited to video games, but on the other hand there is nothing inherent in the language that makes it a bad choice, except for the fact that it's new and not well supported. Anyway, one of the neat features of Go is that it is designed to take advantage of distributed code development and reuse of code developed by other people. It's a slightly hacky feature, IMO, but it works. Basically, there is no master "script" that tells the compiler how all the bits of code relate to each other. Instead, that information is embedded directly in the files themselves. So rather than, for example, specifying a folder that contains your "headers", you actually embed in your program an absolute path to github, google, or some other file-sharing repository, and the Go compiler will find the code and build it into your program. If you want to use OpenGL for rendering graphics, you can search the internet for someone who has already built a version of OpenGL for Go, and put import (" github.com/go-gl/opengl/gl ") directly into your code. Viola! Thus hilarity ensues. Because of course that's not how it really works. Instead, it makes a local copy of that external library. And if you have a local copy, you can edit it. And meanwhile, that person you copied the OpenGL code from? They are also changing their version (fixing bugs, adding features, adding bugs). Therefore there is no guarantee that your version and their version remain compatible: it takes work to maintain compatibility. So when you decide to share development of your project with other people, while "in theory" Go lets you just share the main code, which tells you where to get the imported code, in practice it takes more work than that, because we have to ensure we get the same versions. And that's where Go's feature is kinda hacky. Because it doesn't have a mechanism for doing that. Why does this matter? Well, when the original programmer on Haunts handed off the code to the community for development, the first problem we ran into is that the code seemed to be.... wrong. We know that there is "working" version of the game, albeit buggy and incomplete. However, we can't use the source code that we have to recreate that game. Firstly, the source simply doesn't compile. It has syntax errors, so there is literally no output- nothing to "run". But the community jumped right in, fixed the problems, and got the game to compile. Now it "runs", but it's not really a game at this point. First, it's horribly slow. Second, it crashes as soon as you try to play the actual "game" (as opposed to navigating the startup menus). Now, this is the kind of thing one expects when developing a game (or any program). There is a bug (or several) that can be found and fixed, and get us back to the same point as the "original". But this is the part the community is struggling with: why? We know it once worked. So now we're in a kind of no-mans land of the original programmer not being unable to help during his transition to a new job and a new city, but none of the new volunteers with enough time to jump into the potentially very hairy problem of figuring out what is wrong in a program they didn't write, in a language they probably don't know, and with the problems potentially being in one or more of a dozen "sub-programs" that are developed by yet other people that we have no connection with. Can it be done? Yes. The original programmer has now dug up all the original code his build was using and the community has it. Preliminary inspection reveals potentially significant differences, so we’re hopeful that we can make some real progress in the coming weeks.” And that’s where we’re at. Not what we’d hoped, not even close, but not dead yet. Once we get this conundrum finally solved (which we will), then we’ll put out the call again and try and get things rolling forward at a good speed in the new year. Until then, Happy Holidays! Rick Happy Halloween! Well, not as happy as we had originally planned, but happier than I feared it would be. I want to thank all of you for sticking with us and for all the kindness and support you've offered in the past few weeks. It's been just plain amazing. We're figuring out the whole open source development thing - if you want to pop over and take a look at the project's site, it's here: <url>’re going to finish developing Haunts: The Manse Macabre as an Open Source project. The source code has been open from the beginning, but now we’re going to fully embrace open development model and making the game entirely open source. We’ve had about thirty programmers from a variety of backgrounds, including many proficient in Go, who have stepped forward and offered to help finish the game. We’re still in the process of setting up the infrastructure for issue tracking, source control, documentation wikis, and other tools necessary before we can begin in earnest, but we hope to have that all up and running within the next week or two. Today I sent out a survey to all the interested programmers who’ve contacted me to get a better idea of what people are interested in working on and how much time they’ll have. We’ll be appointing some interim release managers in the short run and then working together to elect those positions. If you’re interested in being included in the survey now, contact me through Kickstarter. But anyone will be able to help out once we get started, we'll need programmers with a variety of skills and interests, testers and more. If you'd like to join the crew, just fill this survey out: <url>’m excited about where it’s going and enthusiastic as hell about the support we’re getting. Art! Austin is finishing up the inking on the caricatures and those should be out to backers this week. Additionally, based on backer S.D.'s excellent suggestion, he's working up some cool Haunts themed wallpaper images for both desktops and mobile devices, which will be out for Halloween. In The News We've gotten a lot of press coverage, most of it in the general vein of, "Look, see, Kickstarter projects can go bad, so be careful!" I think that's a fair and useful point to make. But we're committed to being the follow-up story. You know, the underdog who comes back from the brink of collapse and proves a resounding success! Here's one nice piece I wanted to share with you. <url>’s been a heartwarming 14 hours or so, and I have to start by saying thank you to all the kind and supportive emails and comments I’ve been getting. I had been dreading today for the past week or so, as we worked up the details and I scrambled around to find some silver lining to our dark clouds. Turns out, I should have come to you all sooner in my search for support. Updates Which brings me to the first question I’ve been asked by both backers and media: why are we just hearing about this now? That is the fairest of questions, and I should have addressed it in my post yesterday. You’re only hearing about it now because I was scared to bring you bad news. I kept hoping things would work out, that we would find our way through to launch a beta this month and move forward from there towards release. I wasn’t really certain that wasn’t possible until close to the last minute, when everything failed to come together. I should have been more forthcoming and regular with updates, but not sharing bad news was too easy and too much of a temptation for me. In retrospect, I and you and the game would have been much better served if I’d set up a strictly scheduled, regular update regimen. However we end up moving forward, that will be part of things from now on. Money I mentioned that we’ve spent all the money. That’s not strictly true, but as far as hiring new programmers to work for a regular salary, it is. We actually have a fair amount in the bank, but most of that is about to be sent to the IRS as part of payroll taxes. I also still need to pay for sound and have money set aside for licensing fees for FMOD once the game releases. We met our goal back in the beginning of July, raising $28,000, of which we got to keep about $25K after Kickstarter and Amazon Payments fees. With the addition of Josh in August, our burn rate went to about $1900 per week for salaries for Jonathan, Austin, and Josh. Eleven weeks of that cost a little over $20,000, plus another $1200 or so for printing and shipping t-shirts. Programmers I’ve had a lot of interested emails from programmers offering their help. Thank you all very much! There’s a lot to sift through and I’m not sure what the best way to proceed will be, but I am very encouraged by these offers and want to try and figure out the best way to take advantage of this opportunity. I’ve reached out to a good friend of mine who’s an expert in collaborative open source development, and he and I will talk soon. I also want to discuss this exciting development with Blue Mammoth and get their take on it. Open Source A lot of you have mentioned that we should open source everything if worse comes to worse. In fact, the code is already open, but if we cannot pull together to make this a retail product, we will absolutely fully open source everything, content and code and turn it over to the community. Actually, at some point we’d like to do that no matter what, even after a retail release (however many years later, when it makes fiscal sense). But right now the code is under the same modified BSD license as the Go programming language and the contents are all Creative Commons Attribution Noncommercial Share-Alike. Caricatures Some of you have noticed that the caricatures for the high-level donors are in the game. Other of you have gotten your t-shirts. Austin has been driving hard to finish game content these last weeks, so he hasn’t had time to polish up and package the physical caricatures and the t-shirts for our highest-level donors. He’s on that now, and we should be shipping them out next week. I’m doing an interview with a blogger from Forbes this afternoon, and I’m sure he’ll have some more tough questions for me, so look for that sometime soon. I’ll also be doing a chat with Bill Abner from No High Scores, who has run some successful Kickstarters of his own, so hopefully they will help keep me in line and ask the questions I’m not thinking of. Thanks again. Rick Sorry for the long delay in updates, and special apologies to those who have emailed or commented in the last week and to whom I haven’t yet replied. As I’m sure many of you suspect, things haven’t been going well for Haunts and Mob Rules Games. I am still determined to get the game out, but I no longer have any way of knowing when and how that will happen. The principal cause for our dire condition is that there are no longer any programmers working on the game. Our lead programmer, Jonathan, was always going to move on to something else after a year or so. We had hoped that he would be able to work on the game in his spare time, but now that he’s going back at Google, he has told us that his spare time will be very minimal and not enough to make progress on the game. Our second programmer, Josh, has quit the project entirely to take another job. He does not want to work on the game in his spare time. The game as it stands has all the systems in place, but there are a lot of bugs. Knowing Jonathan would be leaving, the plan had been to get online play working and release the Beta, with Josh working to make the levels run in online play and scripting the AI for the single player versions of those levels. Unfortunately, getting online play working took three times longer than estimated (instead of the twice as long as estimated I’d been counting on). It also required making adjustments to programming for all the levels, even when they’re not being played online. With no one left on the project who is capable of implementing those changes and debugging them during testing, the game is in a very patchwork state. In some cases, levels that once worked fine now have serious issues. Fixing those issues would require fixes both to the level programming and the core system programming, working in tandem. But now it’s just me and Austin. Austin has finished up the art content for the initial release of the game, but he’s not a programmer. I’m not a programmer either. Although I know some small amount about how the level programming works, I’m not capable at this point of fixing the bugs I know about. This is further complicated by the fact that the game is written in the Go programming language, which is not widely used, limiting the pool of potential new programmers. What then, to do? We are not giving up! I am currently in talks with another game company owned by some old friends and coworkers of mine, Blue Mammoth Games. They have expressed an interest in taking on Haunts. Austin and I would continue on in our roles, although we would both be doing so in our spare time. These new potential partners won't be able to make the decision for a few weeks at least and then after that it would be months before anything came out. Still, I think it's out best shot at this point. This has been an emotionally rough couple of months for me, as I’ve invested almost all of my time for the past year or more in Haunts, along with my own money and reputation. It’s been terrible to watch it fail despite best efforts, but the failure is mine. There are scores of decisions I’d make differently if I had to do them over, and there were bets I made knowing the risks that haven’t paid off like we needed them to. I have failed to update because things were constantly going from bad to worse and then we started to see some rays of hope and I was hoping for something more concrete in the good news department. My obligation to all of you generous Kickstarter backers is foremost in my mind and I have not served you as well as I should have. I will turn over my share of any future revenue from the game to whoever manages to get it finished, fun, and out to you. We have spent all the money we raised, but I will personally refund out of my own pocket anyone who wants to withdraw their support, no questions asked. We’re going to make this game, and if you can hang on for what looks to be a long road ahead, we will get it finished, but that’s not what I asked you to sign up for and it’s not what you gave us money for. email me directly through Kickstarter if you would like your pledge refunded. Finally, although I’m very hopeful about the partnership deal I’m pursuing, that deal is not made yet and my friends at Blue Mammoth have said it’s fine if I look for other options. I haven’t found any yet, but now I’m throwing it open to you all. If any of you or someone you know is interested in and capable of taking on Haunts and doing right by it, I’d love to hear from you. I have made an update to the Mob Rules Games web site that has descriptions and images of some of the work we’ve been doing. The attached video that Austin put together shows some of the gameplay from across a variety of different level, so you can see how close we are to finishing the game. All the systems are there, and when it works it’s fun to play. You can see how we spent your money, and that we weren’t just sitting around twiddling our thumbs, even if we have collapsed at the finish line. <url>’re not going to do, and what I was referencing yesterday when I mentioned the single player campaign being pretty much dead, is the massive, inter-woven single-player story we’d been working on where every chapter was connected to every other in decisions you made. It was way too unwieldy and poorly paced, in addition to being overly complicated and seemingly impossible to execute and balance. What we are doing (and what I failed to explain well yesterday) is a series of individual levels that tell the overall story of the house and are discrete from one another. Each level tells a story inspired by an era and a horror movie from that era, and together they tell the story of the house. There are lots of characters in each story, and that is where the cameos will come in. Indeed, since these levels are meant to be replayed against opponents, the cameos will probably get much more screen time with each player than under the old, multi-level spanning story mode. The other big change is that, unlike what we were doing before where the levels were serving a giant, Rube Goldberg Machine plot and suffering for it, each level is designed to be a compelling multiplayer map that plays differently depend on if you’re the Denizens or the Intruders. Each level has some unique mechanic or set-up that matches the story and setting. For example, level four is about the vampire denizen, and centers around the Intruders with limited sight range placing lights that weaken the denizens and the denizens moving very fast in the dark around them. These are not simply multiplayer deathmatch arenas with no plot behind them. The plot came first and we came up with mechanics that were a fun match. Each of these levels will have an AI you can play against as you go through them, for either side. What I was clumsily alluding to yesterday is that the AI will probably not be very competitive after the first couple times you play a level and know some basic strategy for it. So they are rich in theme but designed to be rewarding to replay, especially against a living (or intelligently undead) opponent. I hope that clears up a lot of the very valid concerns supporters expressed yesterday. But there is more! We heard you and we are not giving up on expanding on more story-focused single player levels.The game I described above will release to Kickstarter supporters as soon as its ready - by Halloween is the plan. Work on Haunts will not cease with that release! We will press forward with more story-centric, single-player content. Monday’s announcement and the wave of feedback we received got me thinking long and hard and looking for ways to take your advice and keep trying to work on compelling, story-centric content into the game. At the same time, I was still trying to figure out what to do about another lingering problem I hadn’t told you about, because it was part of a future expansion project we haven't announced yet. It has long been the plan to make a follow-up, extra content release for Haunts that consisted of single-player stories with plots written by some of the coolest horror writers going right now. Originally we were going to sell this separately, as a follow up DLC pack, but now we are going to roll all of that content into the core game. This solves two problems - it gives us a great base to build single-player, story-driven levels around and it allows me to keep working with these great writers and figure out the best way to execute their creepy creations in Haunts. Over the coming months, we’ll work with those writers and the community to find the horrific fun in these single-player stories. All of those updates will be part of the Kickstarter Supporters edition of the game. When we’ve got them ready, we’ll push the content out to you. Eventually, we will do a full retail release of the game, which will have all the content you supporters get, but for a higher price. Additionally, we’ll release some bonus content for the Kickstarter editions only, either new story or multiplayer maps - maybe one of each, we’ll see. So, meet some of The Writers - RICHARD GAVIN Richard Gavin has been hailed as a master of numinous horror fiction in the tradition of Arthur Machen, Algernon Blackwood, and H.P. Lovecraft. His tales are widely anthologized and have been collected in the books CHARNEL WINE (Rainfall Books, 2004), OMENS (Mythos Books, 2007), THE DARKLY SPLENDID REALM (Dark Regions Press, 2009), and AT FEAR'S ALTAR (Hippocampus Press, forthcoming in 2012). He has also published criticism and essays of Nightside arcanum. S.T. Joshi calls Richard Gavin "one of the bright new stars of contemporary weird fiction. Richard lives in Ontario, Canada with his beloved wife and their brood. <url>"The Theatre &amp; Its Double." Trent Zelazny, ed. MIRAGES: TALES FROM AUTHORS OF THE MACABRE. Another heavy- hitting horror antho, featuring the likes of Tom Picirilli, Joe R. Lansdale... and "Beast: A Fable For Children", a story I dedicated to fellow contributor Joseph S. Pulver and the late Maurice Sendak. <url>"kill everyone on the other side." There are random elements and decisions elements in each one, which should make them fun to replay. Right now we've got the first three done and those will be what we send out in the Beta, since they cover lots of the core game-play. Said Beta should be ready for you all as soon as we get the AI for single player improved enough to make playing against it fun, which is supposed to be next week. We've got the rest of them planned out and maps made for some. With Josh and I working together, we get them done pretty efficiently. Meanwhile, Austin has finished all the Intruders and is making more monsters. It's a lot of fun to have a larger set of Intruders finally, as we've been testing with the same three for a long time (even though we faked others by changing their actions and stats, it's much more fun to see the new sprites in action). Oh, and T-shirts! Well, they were done last week. Unfortunately, they weren't done right. Austin made the printer take them back and re-do them right this time, with the image in the right place and the color right on all of them. They agreed to do so, and since it was their mistake, we don't have to pay anything else, but there's the delay. And that's where we're at! Back to work with us. Listen to me and Austin talk about money and schedule and progress and more! <url>’re totally going to spend it! Specifically, when all the fees were taken out by Amazon and Kickstarter, we received $26,495. Thanks again everyone, that is awesome! Combined with what we had left in the bank, that puts our current available funds at $30,508. Getting there cost us some money along the way. Specifically, below are our costs for promoting the Kickstarter and fulfilling the t-shirt rewards. In addition, we’ve had to pay some costs of doing business during the past nine months. Not a lot, but some. And of course our biggest cost, which is ongoing, is salaries for Austin and Jonathan (who’re working way cheap against back-end profit sharing, while I’m working for salary-free against back-end profit-sharing). We’re also considering hiring a fourth person to do two months of work to help us make sure the game gets done on time. These numbers are all accurate within 5% or so, as they’re based on my own quick calculations and rounding, not detailed accounting records. Costs Already Paid: Software and Services (Quickbooks, Survey Monkey, Sublime Text Editor): $550 Legal (State business reports): $450 T-Shirts (production and shipping): $1500 Advertising for Kickstarter (My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Web Ads, Facebook ads): $2500 Salaries $5500/ month January through July (including Federal and State taxes): $38,500 Total Spent Thus Far: $43,505 Costs to Pay Before Completion: Salaries $5500/month August through October: $16500 Possible Freelance/Temp Help: $4000 FMOD license (sound integration tools, don’t have to pay until we ship) $1500 Total Projected Costs: $22,000 That leaves us with $8,508 left over for advertising and unforeseen costs. Total Projected Budget: $74,005 So, we should count all the money you fine supporters pledged as being like pre-sales of the game, which means we’ve earned $26,495 from the game already. That means we need to earn another $47,510 to break even. What actually happens with that sales money when it (hopefully) starts rolling in is a little complicated, but cool. Up to the first $5000 will be used to pay Mark, who’s doing sound and music for the game. That’s his budget, based on his hourly rate. It’s looking like he might come in under budget, so this number might be lower, we’ll see. After that the income will be split between Me, Jonathan, and Austin in proportion to the amount of salary that we deferred while working on the game. So, Jonathan and Austin both were working at less than half their full salary rate and I was working for nothing. I’ll be paid a little less than half of what comes in and the other two will be paid a split of the rest. For the record, my salary rate is the same as Austin’s, and Jonathan’s is a little higher than ours. Once we’re all paid back our deferred salaries, then what comes in after that is split between us in proportion based on the amount that we were paid (our salary rate). Now the investor gets paid back too, at a rate based on the investment as if it were salary (i.e., as if the investor had been an employee who’d earned $42,000 or so in salary). A chunk also goes back to Mob Rules Games to cover costs and maybe fund another project. Quick math (as opposed to detailed analysis), suggests that we need to sell about 15,000 more copies of the game to get make back our budget and then another 10,000 or so to pay off everyone’s deferred salaries. So, if we can sell more than 25,000 copies of the game, then we’ll start seeing those magical residuals/royalties/whatever. 25,000 copies would be great, great numbers for a first-time indie game, but not, I think, impossible. The better the game the better our chance of course, so that’s where all out focus needs to continue to be. Back to work! And, I’m back! Sorry for the lack of recent updates. We had the inevitable post-success period of exalted exhaustion and then we dove right into more making the game. Then I went away for a week to help shoot a documentary about Defcon 20, the hacker convention in Las Vegas. And now I’m back! So, here’s where we’re at: The biggest thing we’ve been working on this past month is the story scripting system. It’s all up and running now, and I’m creating the story levels. There will be twenty-six chapters to the story all told, two per decade of the Tyree Manse’s long, dark history. Each decade you get to play as both the Intruders and the Denizens, although the stories themselves are different. It’s pretty complicated, really, and I want to leave plenty of surprises, but I have it all mapped out and scripted. Now it’s just the (large) matter of implementing it all. The story levels are meant to be the equivalent of short stories in a horror anthology, and should take between ten and twenty minutes each to play. Decisions you make in each story will have effects on later stories, and the cumulative weight of all of them will determine great big things at the end. So, hopefully you’ll want to replay the whole thing through to try different paths, but even if you don’t it should be a solid 5+ hours of story-level creepy fun, which feels like a good deal for a $5 to $10 game, yeah? Plus there’s all the replaying of versus maps, of course. The plan is to have all these levels scripted and running by the end of August, which seems totally reasonable right now. They will all need playtesting and tweaking of course, which will be the job/privilege of our generous donors who pledged enough to be Beta Testers. Which brings us to the Beta. We want to have that out to you also by the end of August. I’m not sure what exactly will be in it yet. Certainly pass and play multi-player and a lot of the story levels (probably the first 13), along with some single-player versus. Which is to say, most of the game. Not all of the units will be in by then, but we’ll have all of the Intruders and a good portion of the Denizens. The t-shirts go to press this week, as soon as I go by the shop and drop off a check later today. So we should start shipping those out in a couple weeks! Next week too I should have the final budget, now that I know the t-shirt costs and all that. Sorry again for all the delay, but there are a ton of hats I’m wearing right now, but all the extraneous stuff is now gone. Finally, I’d like to do a Q&amp;A for next week, so please send me some questions through Kickstarter by August 8 and I’ll answer them on August 10th as best I can! We've all been working hard this past month, especially Austin and Jonathan who've done some amazing work. Thanks again, everyone! Rick Thank you, thank you, thank you, to all 1,214 of you who pledged your support for Haunts! Our Kickstarter Kicked and I just started the process of transferring $25,075 from Amazon Payments to the Mob Rules Games bank account. We raised $28,739 total, and that $25k is what's left after Kickstarter and Amazon take their piece of the action. A fair trade in my estimation. Next week I'll write up a more detailed accounting of our budget, costs, and schedule as part of our commitment to transparency. On Monday I'll also be sending out surveys/questionnaires to all our backers, getting stuff like t-shirt sizes and requests for references for portraits and supporter messages. First I need to set up our back-end spreadsheet so I can keep track of all your responses! Thanks again everyone. I can't wait for you to be able to play our game! Just 12 Hours Left! Vampire Alternate Unlocked! Only 12 Hours to get this limited edition t-shirt at the $45 pledge level! I guess when you hit 3 days to go, Kickstarter switches over to hours! So, with less than 4000 minutes left on this roller-coaster ride of a crowd-funding experience, I want to say thank you, thank you, thank you once again to all of you fine, generous folk. Thank you! We've reached our stretch goal for the second Evil Genius, which I'm very excited about, since I think she's awesome (there's a reason she was the first stretch goal). We still have time to add our Orlock-style vamp into the mix as well! There's also still time to bump up your pledge to t-shirt level - especially you already generous folks who've given $35. For just ten more, hey, cool, limited edition t-shirt! But if not, that's cool too. We're just psyched to have your support. Speaking of $35-level supporters, you all get Beta access. Right now we're shooting to have the first Beta for your to hammer away at in late August. Our private Alpha is a couple weeks away, and is shaping up to have every feature except multi-player. So the time between then and the beta will all be for implementing multi-player so you guys can test it. And making more assets and levels and such of course. Thanks again for all the support, and enjoy our final hours! Rick We have some winners from the Denizens Vote a few weeks back. Check out all the both the Winners and the Runners Up here on our site. <url>"asymmetric" in the survey, is the big winner. Kind of fitting, with the whole asymmetric game play thing we've got going on in Haunts. Speaking of fitting, as I've mentioned before, these are available in every size from S to XXXL, men's and women's styles. We'll ask you for your size in the final questionnaire that goes out to supporters once the Kickstarter ends. The printer is using Alternative Apparel's "vintage" style shirts, which are the nicer, more light-weight option. Austin swears by them, and they do feel nice. They are black with white and a little red on them. This is the only time we will ever make shirts that look anything like this design. If we do a shirt for anyone to buy, the design will be very different and won't feature this house image. I have no idea what it will be, because right now we don't have any plans to make shirts besides these right here. Thanks again to the hundreds who voted and to all of you who've pledged your support so far. We're almost there, and if you want of these cooooool shirts, you can help us get all the way to 25k. cheers, Rick Hundreds of votes are in and now it's time to decide which shirt we'll be making! There are three options - which were neck and neck against each other, but well ahead of the rest of the pack. So now we need you to rank them in order of preference. Vote here: <url>’s me, Rick Dakan, explaining things in a video! You should watch it! For those of you who did, here are the links to the two surveys I mention: Shirt Designs: <url>’t or just want a handy reference sheet, here’s the text version: Things are going great, and we’re closing in on our $25,000 goal. In order to push things along and because lots of people have asked us about them (and because we want them too) we’ve added some new rewards, including T-Shirts. The t-shirts are now a reward for the new $45 level, which means if you’ve already pledged more than that, you’ll be getting a t-shirt (free shipping in US, additional charge TBD outside)! When the Kickstarter ends, you’ll be asked to pick a size - and we’ll have men’s and women’s shirts available. But what does the shirt look like? We don’t know yet! But we have seven options, and we’d like your opinion on them. So, go here and vote: <url>’ll announce the winning design next week, on June 18th, for those of you who want to wait and see what wins before you pledge. At the higher end, we’ve added a $150 pledge level. Those generous donors will get a caricature of their Gallery of Generous Ghouls portrait, done by Austin in the game’s style. This portrait will appear IN GAME on various walls. Push that up to $200 and Austin will send you a hand-drawn version of your caricature as it appears in the game, with some extra TBD charge for shipping outside the US. Furthermore, we’d like your help picking some of the master-level characters for the game. Here again we’ve got a survey and some options for you that we’d like your opinion on. So follow this link and help decide the kinds of denizens you’ll be facing/playing in the finished game! <url>’re well over $9000 and 470 backers, and it’s only been 7 days. All three of us have been bouncing off the walls and refreshing the Kickstarter page obsessively. Many additional thanks to all of you! I want to take some time today to talk more about the single-player campaign mode in Haunts: the Manse Macabre . Or at least what our plans for it are, since it mostly just exists as plans and design notes right now. The core experience of our game is an action-dense, haunted house experience that should take between ten and twenty minutes to play. For a casual turn-based strategy game, I think that’s kind of the sweet spot. For a single-player campaign, it’s also a pretty good pace for each level or chapter, so on the face of things, our core game and our story mode are simpatico. The flip side is, people and monsters are going to die a lot in the core game. We are, after all, telling horror stories here, and not many haunted house tales feature a group of people venturing into a crumbling mansion and then all coming out alive. So, keeping characters alive over the course of a couple-dozen levels doesn’t really fit with the genre. It especially doesn’t fit when we want the players to take on the role of the house’s haunts for half of the stories! With denizens taking out intruders and intruders clearing away denizens in a vicious cycle of supernatural terror, no protagonist from either side was going to last the whole campaign. It didn’t take much time to realize that the one constant across all these stories was the house itself. Well, not so constant, as the shape and residents of Tyree Manse change quite a bit, but still, the core evil of the house perseveres. I decided that the campaign should tell the whole history of the house, from its founding up to the present day. This scheme accommodates an ever-changing cast of characters, which means that no one is safe from some horrid fate. I prefer no one to be safe in my haunted house stories, don’t you? Under the sprawling history paradigm it also makes sense for us to present both sides of the equation in turn, intruders and denizens. As I started to organize the story, I decided it would be a lot of fun if the history of the house reflected the history of horror cinema. Certainly the kinds of horror stories we go to see at the movies have changed a lot since the early days of silent film, and it just made sense to me that the horrors in the house would in some way reflect that. Thus began a strange process of researching and watching old horror movies and looking for films that were both iconic and which might in some way inform the larger story I wanted to tell about Tyree Manse. I ended up deciding to pick two films from each decade of horror cinema, starting with two short, silent films: The Haunted Castle/The Devil’s Manor from 1896 and The Haunted House , from 1908. From there we move forward by decade with matched pairs, with one film from the decade serving as inspiration for the Intruders’ story and the other film inspiring the Denizens. I chose the movies using a private calculus of historic significance, personal appeal, and compatibility with the overarching plot. The list includes some of the greatest horror movies of all time, and some movies most people don’t know at all. Two great examples of how idiosyncratic the whole thing has shaped up to be are the pairs for the 1940s and the 1960s. For the 1960s, the two inspiring flicks are Psycho and Rosemary’s Baby - some of the most famous movies of all time. For the 1940s, the two are Isle of The Dead and House of Frankenstein . Isle of the Dead is a gem of a movie starring Boris Karloff, but it’s not well known. House of Frankenstein also stars Karloff, and is kind of terrible, but has a lot of fun ideas in it and fit neatly into the whole saga. I need to be clear that I’m in no way trying to recreate these movies or their plots within our game. Instead I’m taking these cinematic signposts as cues from which to draw inspiration and reference, while at the same time telling a new and strange story. If anything, I use the most well-known references to subvert the expectations of those familiar with the stories they come from. Or at least I’m going to try to do that. Most of the time. Except when I don’t. Because if I did it every time, then you’d come to expect it, and then there’d be no surprises. So, along with everything else, I’ve been watching and re-watching a lot of horror movies, which has been great fun. Some things, I was very unfamiliar with, especially from the silent era. Others are old friends that I haven’t seen in years (I’m looking at you Hellraiser ). As I’ve taken copious notes and assembled the pieces for our macabre saga, I’ve also gotten new inspiration for how the game can be improved and new features and denizens we’ll have to include in the core game. We plan to record a series of podcasts where we talk about the movies and their influence on the game, hopefully starting in the next week or so. And hey, if you’re an expert on old movies and want to be involved in the podcast sometime, drop us a note! Thanks again to all of you for your support so far. If you could follow us on Twitter @mobrulesgames or like Mob Rules Games on Facebook, that would be awesome. And if you could spread the word about Haunts far and wide, that would be even more awesome. More soon! Rick Thank you everyone! We could not have asked for a better start to our Kickstarter, with just shy of $6000 raised already and still 56 days still to go to reach our $25,000 goal. If things keep going even a quarter as well, we’ll exceed our goal, which will let us add in some great additional content to the game - more on those plans at a later date. This morning I added a FAQ, addressing some of the questions we’ve gotten and adding in some more details. I do encourage everyone to also check out www.mobrulesgames.com , where there’s a lot more info about the game and our little company. And if you’ve got any more questions, keep ‘em coming. All shall be answered, none turned away. I want to give a special shout-out to the helpful and hilarious McElroy brothers over at My Brother, My Brother, and Me (MBMBAM). They’re promoting Haunts: The Manse Macabre all this month, and we’ve already seen a lot of you fantastic supporters come over here because of them. For those of you who have no idea what the heck MBMBAM is, well, that’s easy to fix: <url>’ve been listening to this podcast for over a year and love it - you will too. Unless of course you don’t like things that are awesome. Or are offended by raucous, filthy, 18+ only, hilarious goofs. Or are scared of ghost horses. Of course those of us on the Haunts team have an abiding love for horse ghosts and all that other stuff. And I just got a fresh build of the game from Jonathan that I need to hammer away at today because I’ve got to go over it with our investor this afternoon. Look for another update on Friday! Thanks again, Rick Dakan I keep hoping that a big technical issue we've been having will be resolved before I update - there's been this damn core bug with compiling the game on windows that's been mystifying everyone, but hopefully we'll have some good news this week. Either way I'll make a full accounting by the end of the week. Rick @Christopher Chaney - That, in essence, is what I think we're going to try and do - or something close. So, I'm going to have a big update that I've been working on figuring out all day. It will go up tomorrow. Anyone who still wants a refund after that only needs to message me directly through Kickstarter. Veav makes a compelling point! I need to talk things over with the team and some outsiders, but yeah there's more to be said on all of this. Stay tuned! As I noted in the latest update, the lengthy campaign that we spent a lot of time on just wasn't something good enough to release. Our failure. My failure specifically. I will personally refund your money, if you like. @Joe - Yes, absolutely if you want, no problem! The single player campaign flips back and forth between Denizens and Intruders, so you get both sides and decisions you make in one affect what happens in the later chapters. Good morning Everyone! A bigger update later today, but I just wanted to chime in and let folks know that the Big Generous Donor from yesterday is a real person that I know and who has the money and isn't going to withdraw the pledge. I haven't asked him if it's OK to say his name, but I'm sure he won't mind revealing himself soon. I'll ask today, maybe even get him on the podcast this week. So, in short, that money will come and we'll use all of it for the game. Hi Mitchell - thanks for your pledge! Yeah, it's your name - we can't model specific characters because when I say we, I mean just Austin, and he's got bunches to do to get the core units in. As for Vita - I have no idea! I'll look into it.... Veav: The animations are smoother in the game - the video capture program I used makes things look choppier than they do natively. That said, improving animations is definitely in our schedule. Every time I look through my list of Kickstarted things I find this and am sad. Any chance there's someone out there toying with this a pet project? (since it was open sourced) Creator seemed like a great guy - my heart goes out to him that this didn't work out :/ Still mourning this loss in 2016 Totally busted. Updates 30 & 31 pretty much say it all. He is dead Jim!...Is there any development going on or is it totally busted? *poking the corpse* :( Any updates? I hope things are going well - not only with the game, but with life in general. :) @ John - yes, I'm in the same boat but give a lot of respect to Rick for how he handled things here. He made a few horrible decisions that derailed everything but the good intentions were always here. I got the tshirt, the portrait and only asked for a portion of a refund. Rick is a very stand up guy and I wish him well and maybe someday Haunts will come to life. As for Erik and Doom.. I think I've made myself clear on that project how I feel Well I'm out of a nice chunk of cash from the fraud perpetuated by THE DOOM THAT CAME TO ATLANTIC CITY project, but in this case, I have always felt there was a genuine effort to get HAUNTS out to us backers. I will not hold my breath on this one but perhaps something good will come from this. An update, of any sort, would be nice. There is no version that compiles. I honestly don't mind waiting for the final product on this one, no matter how long it takes. It would be nice to get some project updates occasionally, or maybe post the most recent version of the functional alpha for people to take a look at? I'm not going to ask for money as frankly I think I can afford to lose the $5 more than Rick can, but honestly my KS projects are like 1 for 5 at this point. This whole website is turning into such a waste of money. Either you get some halfassed project or nothing at all. Of course it's not going to be made. Is it gonna be made? So: Is development continuing, or should we start expecting refunds? Any news? I'd love a quick update just to know what's going on, been silent for some time. Been quiet for a while. I know there has been a lot of people backer support offering to help get the game made. Any more information for the backers? Is the project officially dead? Just my luck. The game I was looking the most forward to is looking more and more like vaporware... I'm encouraged by the recent update. Definitely, taking care of the physical reward fulfillment, and paying the composer are the chief concerns. Coming up with the next plan of action (which surely involves a paid alpha funding program to gather new backers/players) can wait until all promises are delivered on that can be done. I've sent Rick a long message with encouragement and suggestions from my experiences here on Kickstarter with dozens of other video game projects, as well as with awesome indie video game communities, like Desura and IndieDB. Out of this dark cloud, a bright future may be ahead! No matter how long it takes, I'll keep supporting the game and I'm very eager to see the final product. In case you need additional music, I could give it a shot if you'd like me to; I've done music for about nine years now and I've been involved in a number of projects; A couple of flash games, indie short films, and currently a puppet show. I certainly don't consider myself a professional but I like to compose something every month of the year. If you're interested, I could show you some of my work privately and then you're welcome to judge if you'd need me to work for you. You don't have to worry about costs; I consider this a hobby and I'm glad to help out even for free if need be. Hope everything works out, Rick! I'd help, but there is nothing I can help with :) It looks nice what you already have. It's really a 'pitty' that your programmers leave you in this state. It's something I can't understand... But I don't have all information, so I might judhe wrongly at the moment There was a new update at Mob Rules Games today: <url>#entry29921847 I like the sound of that. Any answer to the preceding questions would be greatly appreciated. Please update the Kickstarter with progress! Are you still planning on release before Hallowe'en? Still no beta, i take it we wont be seeing this for Halloween then? The shirt looks so much cooler in person. Love the design, can't wait to play the game now. There have been some interesting discussions regarding the AI in Haunts....I thought I would share this article that I discovered from another forum..... <url>"it's fucking gone" to "changed into a different form" or "released as a work in progress aspect". @Daniel: Yes, unfortunately. Wait, so "A lengthy single-player campaign tells the house’s horrifying history and unlocks new denizens and intruders to use in the game." - is that gone now? So no more dedicated single player; just some washed out AI? That's my interest in this gone; thanks for saying you'll be making something and then completely changing it. If I wanted another lame ass online multi game I would have gone and got one of the 10,000 already out there. Have you considered adding your game to Steam Greenlight? Thanks for the update Rick! Hope you get the sales and more. *twiddes thumbs 'till Halloween* This user's account has been deleted. Wonderful, thanks much! Survey complete! I noticed that no mention of platform selection was made. How will that be handled? Will it be similar to the Humble Bundle store, where your unique download key permits you to download (and re-download) whatever platform you choose? Or will the key redeem for a particular platform at the time of download? Thanks! Filled in the questionair. Checked it a gazillion times for typos. Now waiting for Halloween to notice the typo I am bound to have missed :) Beta bosses, rather. I scrolled through and didn't see this addressed: May I submit my entire family's names for the best bosses section instead of just one name, if it's still within the 40 character limit? As in "Bob, Alice, and Ted"? Thanks! I'm looking forward to the game. On behalf of the estate of Edward Gorey: congratulations! (Not really a part of his estate.) Well done a very successful KS! Can the caricature be someone else, for example my 8 year old son? Runner-up vampire also :-) Ah, sign me up for five copies of a beautiful art style. Glad I remembered before going to bed :) Posted on my site : <url>žić mentioned this on Google+ and drew me to it, so give props to those hanging out over there that helped to promote this. They helped you guys get my attention, as well as many others. YES! Can't wait for my game, plz dont mess this up guys or you will have almost 1000 angry gamers going after you. Woo hoo! Woot! Killing me with the $1... need a new one dollar backer to push us up to $26K and 950 backers!! I think I convinced my girlfriend to play, so I've bumped to $10. Happy to see this over the line with plenty of time to spare. Open Source, Go-lang, Horror, B&W style, .. can it get any better? Wooo!!!!! I can't wait. Congrats!! Whoa! Somebody stepped up but good. Congrats, guys! Hooray! I was really worried there for a while! Glad you made your goal! Can't wait to see the game. So happy to see this hit goal. Congrats Mob Rules Games, big bucket of win to all of you. Plugged this again in my column this week. It feels like this is going to be a tight race. <url>"Popular" project or a "Staff" pick. The first is clearly a function of already having attention and exposure. Do you have sway with Kickstarter staff? I do not, but that would be awesome! Polite suggestion. Try to find a way back onto the front page. I've been unable to find your page through regular browsing. I can only get to it through my backer list. @Tom At Skyjacker we're using a flat $15 or fiddle around with <url>"Ten Nights of Killing and Mayhem at FJB" I was reminded to say I was sent here by MBMBAM. Looks like a great game, guys :D My fourth project to back, so far great stuff. I am credit to team! Veav, longbeach, your comments came up at our meeting on Monday, FYI. Thanks for posting! That's an awesome concept! I love turn-based combat when it's done well and feels like tabletop games. This looks very promising! I've never been a big fan of turn-based combat games, but the aesthetic and devotion to all horror subtypes is enough to secure my backing. One small, humble request: consider developing a port for Android tablets. Add that, and I'll kick my pledge up another notch. :) @Veav - that could be really fun and interesting if they could work that into the gameplay - I'd think about using my cameo role as one of them if possible For the record, a poltergeist that inhabits random objects would be awesome. Just throwing that out there. ... stupid wallet refusing to be emailed. I may not be an internet personality, but I intend to plug the heck out of your project. Keep it coming! They are indeed present, and there are a few we haven't shown yet that are even… bigger. I am thoroughly excited for this! Thought I saw some Lovecraftian horrors in a couple of the art previews- if they are indeed present then I will cheerfully throw more money at the project. My first Kickstarter donation. I just had to back turn based awesomeness. Reminds me of the days when I could play tabletop games all weekend. I can't wait to play the beta. Backed for Linux! Also this game looks awesome. Am I the only one that wants copies of those two drawings in the background of the video (to the right of the lamp)? Also, there are some jump cuts in the video to keep things lively. Aha, good deal! The aesthetic is incredible already, but that's the one thing that moted my eye. Looking forward to this! Are idle/smoother animations somewhere in the dev timeline? Style is flawless! :) And thanks for GNU/Linux version. This sounds positively awesome. I'm in. Looks like someone has played a whole lotta Gloom.... Im in for $5 How about a t-shirt? Your artwork would make it awesome! A 30 or 35.00 price point w/ two copies of the game? Just a thought. Can't wait to get my hands on this! Haunted house + morphing rooms + black and white, stylized graphics = genius. This concept is very, very cool! I cannot wait to see the polishing and tweaking for the October release. Rock on! Fantastic concept! I grew up loving Mystery! on PBS and the art of Edward Gorey. Deep respect for the ethos of Mob Rules Games. I'm in! Open Source, Creative Commons, Transparency, Linux and more... Win! is written all over this project; very happy to say that I've pledged at the top-tier. Sounds fun to me. I hope you guys get the funding and more. "open source" paused video and backed. I love you kickstarter and I love you tiny indi-devs that make something different. MBMBAM sent me, blame them when you have a character named Robocop McDiehard. Welcome back mob rules :). Your coming back with a fine product at a perfect point in kickstarter history: good luck! Yay Linux games, I backed it as soon as I saw that! Penguins unite! Linux - excellent! And a great video on <url>