Rick Hershey and Nikola Jajic announce their collaboration on the original graphic novel, H.P. Lovecraft’s Wonderland. The graphic novel tells the familiar tale of Alice’s adventure in Wonderland as if the story was written by cult horror writer H.P. Lovecraft ( At the Mountains of Madness, Call of Cthulhu, The Dunwich Horror). This is the third collaboration between writer Nikola Jajic and artist Rick Hershey on a graphic novel, their last being the title Loosely Based published by Arcana Comics. Where Nikola provided the story and Rick handled pencils and inks. For H.P. Lovecraft’s Wonderland, Nikola Jajic returns to write the script as Rick Hershey picks up the duties of linework, colors, and lettering. Both Nikola Jajic and Rick Hershey are working professionals. By pledging money to the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland graphic novel you will be buying the time needed to produce this awesome project to the level of detail and commitment needed. . . and it will be beautiful. Here's the first page, just as a teaser. Some quick Q&A How does the character pledges work and what's expected with the required photos? It's pretty easy, if you want to take the role of a character from the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland, find the character you want (if still available) and pledge the required amount needed to secure the role. When the project is funded, you'll need to sign a model release form and provide 10 photos of yourself. These photos only need to be headshots from different angles and different expressions. I'll provide a guide on what I'm looking for to each backer. These images are for my use only and will not be shown publicly. How does the Advertisement Pledge work? If you own a business, have a neat product, or even just run a relevant website to the themes of our project then you can pledge for either a 1/2 of full page ad in the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland graphic novel. Now, we don't want just random ads sticking out in our book, so we will work with you to design your ad to compliment our project and give it a classic look like the ads in old comics. Remember those? These will be full color ads created with your help by artist Rick Hershey. Hey folks, still working on the comic, like I said before, it's just a slow process with me handling all the art chores on it. A lot has gotten in the way of completing this project quickly, but I'm still trudging on and will finish it, even by myself. Had some recent set backs, but working on making some solid time to wrap everything up and get this out the door. I just want to express our continued thanks to those who have pledged money and continue to pledge money and spread the word about our project. It means so much and Nik and I are extremely grateful. Also, we are having a party in Myrtle Beach, SC on April 29th to promote the upcoming graphic novel. Here are the details: Studio B. and Empty Room Studios are proud to present the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland Costume and Tea Party! April 29th @ Studio B. get dressed up as your favorite H.P. Lovecraft or Alice in Wonderland character (or combine them for double the madness) and help us celebrate the upcoming graphic novel, H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland! Meet international selling artist and writer team Nikola Jajic and Rick Hershey, who've worked on such... books as Loosely Based and The Big Bad Book. Participate in our costume contest! Drink tea to your hearts content! Buy cool and exclusive merchandise! A reading of the first issue by the writer! Challenge the artist to a draw-off! Ask the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland creators and questions you want about the upcoming graphic novel or even working in the business! Tons of prizes, tons of events, music, everything we can think of crammed into one mad evening! Admission is $10 ($5 in costume) and includes an exclusive promotional card created just for this event, you'll also have your name included in the finished graphic novel under a "Special Thanks" section! Invite your friends, invite your family, invite strangers! One night only before these guys return to isolation forever!!! (or at least until the book is done!) April 29th, at Studio B. event starts a 7:00pm and ends at 10:00 To learn more, visit our Kickstarter Page: <url>"Gen Con Deals and Sales" page at: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm happy to say that Mr Hershey provided me refund within an hour of me making contact with him by social media. He informed me he has no access to the Kickstarter project or mail, so has not received messages by that route. The speed and willingness of the refund when contacted by Facebook supports this statement. Whilst I am disappointed by the handling of this Kickstarter I am content that Mr Hershey has dealt with me honestly. Fat Goblin Games is having a bundle sale at www.opengamingstore.com/products/fat-goblin-games-mega-bundle Thought I'd ask them if it included this graphic novel or if we are still screwed... Soooo... Now that FTC is involved maybe we can point them at this guy? How did you get ahold of him? Thieving bastard! Can you give us Rick Hershey's facebook page link so the rest of us can attempt to get our pledges back? Thanks. I managed to contact Rick Hershey via facebook and get a refund for this project, if anyone else still cares. I posted on the fatgoblingames facebook page about updating their 'abandoned kickstarter' -- evidently they have more than one they started and never finished. Classy guys. Looks like Rick is more active elsewhere... <url>"Jason Stoffa" <url>"maybe". Ask a girl out, get a "maybe". Ask if someone likes your work, get a "maybe". Ask about a Kickstarter project, get a "maybe". This user's account has been deleted. Hi Rick, If you're not going to complete this project, please stop by and let us know. Just sharing this info so backers have some updated information. I've backed other projects where the comments have devolved into personal attacks, disbelief, etc. - that is not my intent in posting this (and I hope no one resorts to that). I figured I'd pass this on so people can adjust their expectations and get some indirect news. This info is also on the Facebook link a posted a little ways below, but here is an article that gives a status <url>"...we capitalize on the talents of our studio members by developing long-term relationships with each of our clients through integrity, open communication, mutual respect, and fast production time..." <url>