My first attempt at launching HYDRA DICE included a wide range of styles all in one project, and did not reach its goal. However, in the process I learned many things, and can now with confidence begin anew. First, I discovered that since my primary concern is getting the dice made, it is not necessary that I mass produce them at first. There are 23 completed designs made in 3D design software, but there's no reason that I should make all 23 from the start. Instead it is now my intention to launch each style of dice as a separate project, and to produce them on a small scale. Each set will be cast and finished by hand with great care using high quality materials, and based on very high quality mold positives made by high end 3D printers. The final result should be not only high quality dice, but each set can be made to order in custom colors. This will be a level of craftsmanship rarely seen in the making of dice. The initial costs will include the high quality 3d printed positives made from STL files, RTV molds, and high quality resin for castings. This method also means that the bottom line cost will be much lower than the previous attempt. Specifically this project is for the NECRON skull dice sets only. Please look for other sets to come! If you'd like to see previews of a few of the future sets, please go to this address: <url>"sprues" (an assembly of runners and gates making paths to cavity areas that will become parts) for model kits in the past, and broken off pieces to assemble into a model plane or robot. When models and toys are designed in this way, they have to make sure the parts are shells or sections of the overall finished product because a more complex shape that isn't separated into pieces in this way won't work with the mold. When a part has too many objects that stick out, they're called undercuts. To do undercuts with injection molding you either separate everything into pieces like a model kit, or you have to pay an engineer tens of thousands of dollars to design insanely complex "side action" in the mold design, and all this costs much more to set up and run the assembly line. Because my designs have many undercuts (i. e., little skulls, spikes, etc.) and because they are complete three-dimensional shapes, they require not only relatively complex mold designs, but also a completely different process. Instead of plastic injection molds, I'm using resin casting with RTV (room temperature vulcanization) molds made of platinum-cure silicone rubber. The advantage of using rubber molds is that they are flexible and can be bend around a finished casting to release the part without damaging it. With a sandwich-style plastic injection mold made of metal an undercut could break the mold or the casting, or prevent mold release, halting the assembly line for hours and potentially requiring the creation of a new mold. Although the coins work fine with a simple sandwich mold, they were incredibly unsatisfying when I cast them in plastic. They felt cheap. A coin should be metal. To solve this problem I've been casting them in pewter, and they now look good and feel good. The type of molding material used for casting metal in this case is MoldMax 60, which has excellent thermal resistance, and allows for tiny details like the lettering on the coins. For the resin casting of the dice I tried out several different plastic resins, but found the most satisfying material in Smooth-Cast 326 from Smooth-On. When i cast a die in this material it looks pretty whether clear or opaque, retains the tint color well, and makes that familiar sound on the table when you roll it. The other resins I tried didn't have those properties I was looking for. Although I tried silver powder in the resin to get a metal look, it caused a weird reaction and heated the resin very rapidly, causing it to cure way too fast. I might be able to slow down the process with a slow-set resin, but it also didn't mix well with the resin. It tended to gather toward the bottom, and that's obviously unacceptable with dice. I've also successfully used metallic coating powders. They're not made of real metal, but they do look metallic. You brush them into the mold before casting so they coat the outer surface. I still think they look cheap to be honest, but if metallic looking dice are important to you, I can still develop this aspect of the process. One of the other issues I encountered early on was bubbles, both in the molds and in the resin castings. This problem was solved through the use of a pressure pot, which I customized for this purpose as well by creating a resin bottom where the pot had a curved bottom because making molds requires a level surface or the back of the mold won't be level, and the overall fill won't be right. As I have progressed with this process, one issue kept coming up for me, and maybe it's just because I'm a perfectionist. The molds weren't formed perfectly enough. I'll give you an example. With a typical resin casting of any object, for example a miniature, you make a base with clay and put in your mold keys (I use metal bearings and/or glass marbles because they work really well) and you lay your object on it, then use clays to seal up edges around it. With a mini you set it up so the base of the miniature is the top of your final mold since it makes a really easy and convenience gate to pour the resin or metal into. You build walls around it with wood panels and hot glue, or some have even used lego bricks. When you're sure it's sealed up watertight and won't leak, you spray in some mold-release, then mix your molding material (some kind of RTV molding rubber) and pour it into the box and let it set. There are additional steps if you use some kind of mother mold to prevent warping, but this is basically how half the mold is made. After the molding material solidifies, you remove it by prying apart the walls of the box, and remove the mold keys (or snaps) and clay. Then you flip it over and this mold half you've created becomes the bottom for the second step. You build the walls around it, make sure it's watertight, spray in the mold release compound, and then mix and pour more molding material in. Your mold positive (miniature or whatever) is still in place from before, but the mold keys are gone so that the other side of them can be created. This is how your final mold will line up. Without the keys it doesn't work. When the molding material becomes solid, you pry it all apart again and you should have two halves of a rubber mold. You remove the positive, and then you can pour in your casting material, whether plastic resin or metal, and make as many as you want. By now I've made a LOT of these kind of molds. Just for the plastic versions of the coins I still have a whole box of molds I made in this way, and now that I'm using a different compound they're pretty much useless, but it was all part of the process. The thing about dice and dice molds is they precision. That was the whole point of using 3D printing in the first place. Unfortunately the use of standard clay-based molding techniques resulted in unwanted rough edges where there were mold seams. They weren't massive, but they were visible, and in my mind they were unacceptable. Then I came up with a concept that eliminates the imprecision of clay, and even eliminates the need for mold keys. In the previous image it may have been unclear, so I have an image of the d8 version below to illustrate the concept. With this design, instead of molding half with a d8 in clay with keys and then flipping it over and doing the other half, the mold and keys are integrated into the positive component of the mold. Each half of the mold is cast separately, but still fit seamlessly together when complete. The best part of this design is that it completely eliminates irregular edges or seams. The edges of the die itself are the seams. The resultant castings should be essentially perfect, with the only flaws being from a gate or vent hole. There was one 3D printing service that previously offered to create molds directly, but this is actually much better because it allows me to make as many molds as I want just like a normal mold positive would. I'm very pleased with this, and expect it to make the entire process easier and should produce much higher quality results. As before this is highly dependent on quality output from the 3D printer, but with the recent discoveries I made in fixing flawed positives, this should work fairly well. Thanks for reading all the way through and not just skipping to the parts where I was rude and called people names... oh, darn. I forgot to put those parts in. Oh, well. Thanks for reading! Okay, I'm excited about this new idea for how to make the molds. One of the problems I had before in making molds was in creating nice, clean seams. When you use an organic material like clay to put together your seams it's extremely difficult to get satisfyingly sharp lines. It's also kind of hard to put together a good mold shape. Yes, you can get acceptable mold shapes, but I am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to these things. I knew there had to be a good way to engineer a perfect mold, and I think I figured it out. Making it work this way is pretty original I think. Here's a pretty complicated one, the classic d6. What I've done here is the integration of the mold and even the mold keys into the positive. I'm not trying to output the actual mold with the 3D printer, but what I'm creating is two perfect halves that can be used as positives for the molds. Half of the die is on one side, and half is on the other, so in the final mold made with platinum-cure silicone, that area will be the mold cavity. The edges of the die should be perfect, and it should fit together perfectly when two halves are made. It may take a minute to wrap your head around this concept, but when I make a mold with these it will be more obvious how this works. Using this method will be beneficial for every die type, although the die types with more sides will be more like a classic sandwich mold than the d6 pictured above. I intend to post some more images of the other die types as the 3D designs are completed. The d6 will require a little box to hold it together due to the odd shape, but the others should be easier as far as mother molds are concerned. As far as gates, runners, venting, etc. I expect to use mini-straws or wires in the mold goop when I pour it, but the important stuff will have perfect shapes! As many of you should remember, there were some initial problems with the 3D printed positives for the dice, despite the boastful claims about what the high end 3D printers could do. It was disappointing to say the least. As I previously mentioned, I found a different service bureau for 3D printing that is closer to home for me, and both their attention to detail in printing and their prices on output are superior to the previous company I was using for this. I'm not sure if you can see the detail in these pictures, but I wanted to share the first test sample from them. I'm not sure how much you can tell, but it's quite a bit better than the previous output. I still need to do more thorough testing on it, but I'm optimistic. I also had a great new idea for how to design the molds, and I'm sure my next post will include examples of this great idea. It's going to make mold creation so much more accurate, and it should make casting quality just beautiful. I just shipped some coins. The coin-only orders and coin-heavy orders will ship first. The rest will ship with the dice. For those who wondered how well pewter casting works with dice, it actually looks okay, but the positives from the previous molds had those ugly ridges, so they're not great. Wow. My nails were getting long when I took that pic! I go through an evaluate the coins to see which of them are good enough, and which ones have too many flaws. A lot of them suffer from discoloration, nicks, scratches, etc. and sometimes I even get one with a hole in it where an air bubble must have gotten trapped. See the hole in this one? This one had a notch in the edge from the gate. Some of these are more noticeable than others. Although they're supposed to look like ancient coins, I'm not sure how many flaws a backer will tolerate. I'd rather get them to a certain level of quality than deal with a lot of exchanges. I felt that it was important to resolve all issues with pewter casting, and to get the coins made first so they can ship with the dice. As you should know by now I went through quite a process finding good resin for dice, good molding material, tools, etc. No part of this process can be omitted. Everything has to be done to meet the goals of this project. I can't just make dice without coins or miniatures, or just make one die type and not the rest, or any other half-measure. Coins are shipping. Dice and miniatures come next. I'll try to keep this one short and sweet. Tips for pewter casting (for others who may attempt it): 1. Mold Max 60 is great, but what do you use as a mother mold or reinforcement? Ceramic tiles. 2. Use talc. It's not really a release agent, but moisture is the enemy, and smooth results are important. 3. Be mindful of mold vents. 4. Find the sweet spot in temperature on the pewter. Too low cools too fast. Too high causes discoloration. 5. Make sure your dipper is big enough to do a pour in one shot. 6. Heat your molds so the pewter doesn't cool instantly. It needs time to fill cracks. 7. Never put pewter back into the furnace when the pewter in the furnace is hot liquid. POP!! Dangerous. 8. Always use protective gear. Thank God I did. 9. C-clamps are your friend. Don't let your friend beat the crap out of your mold or squeeze it too tightly. 10. Whenever a casting has a flaw, if it's too much for a metal file to fix, just melt it and reuse it in the next casting. That's the great thing about pewter. I'll be showing you some more cool stuff next time... Recently I showed you what a messy disaster looks like when making a mold. Now I'll show you how a perfect mold is made. Step One: Materials First, I went to Reynolds Advanced Materials to get some more stuff. The most important part, of course, was some more of the messy red stuff, Mold Max 60, which is mold rubber that can withstand high heat. While at Reynolds I allowed my mighty four-year-old with the blue candy all over her face to demonstrate her amazing superhuman strength. Fake foam cinder blocks, of course. While there I also got some Shell Shock, which is a brushable mother mold material. For the coins I'm using ceramic tiles because they're amazingly heat resistant, but for resin casting I figure some shell shock might be needed at some point. I also got a few various supplies commonly used in molding and casting, like measuring cups, mixing sticks, etc. We also got some smaller ceramic tiles from a hardware store because the larger ones didn't fit in the pressure pot. Step Two: Build the Mold Box Since I'm building this around ceramic tiles as backing, I use them as the bottom of the mold box. The walls are made of wood from a hobby store, and they're glued together with a hot glue gun. I got some new mold positives from ZoomRP since the coins were the one thing that came out good from them. Step Three: Clay, Positives, Keys Along the sides you see the mold keys, and at the top is where the pewter will enter the mold. The connections between the negative spaces will be cut in afterward. When you have the mold box and the positives in place, do a water test to make sure there are no leaks before putting the rubber compound in. Step Four: Red Stuff I found out the hard way that it's better to use too much part B than to use too little with Mold Max 60. I wish they supplied more of part B in the package. On the left you can see where I did an experiment with the "ruined" mold positives from the previous attempt. I put them in a cup full of the stuff, and it connected with the stuck material and allowed it to be mostly pealed off, which means I have even more viable mold positives for coins now. Always remember to spray in mold release before the goop! Step Five: Apply Some Pressure! Step Six: Check the first half... After the cure time is up, open up the pot and check it out. A few bubbles came up too slowly on the top, but how about the bottom? Time to pry apart the box... Looks like strata. Cut away some excess and it looks great. Step Seven: Make a New Mold Box Step Eight: More Mold Release Spray and More Goop Step Nine: Back in the Pressure Pot Step Ten: After Curing, Back Out Again! Step Eleven: Ceramic Tiles Brush the Mold Max 60 onto the back of the ceramic tile and attach to the backs of the mold halves for a perfect fit. Step Twelve: Wash Off the Red Crap Even with gloves, Mold Max is messy stuff. Cleanup is never-ending. So, that's how the perfect mold is made. Next I'll show you how the pewter castings look. Thanks for reading! I had a breakthrough with the dice. The initial discovery is what I would call a happy accident. Previously I had a minor disaster in attempting to make a mold for the coins using mold max 60. After getting partially mixed mold max 60 all over the mold positives, I was advised by Reynolds to attempt to clean them using isopropyl. This caused softening and warping in the positives. It also did not loosen the mold max 60 from them. However, once they dried the shaped were fine essentially. After seeing this I decided to try using it on the dice positives. After soaking the first generation dice positives they became soft to the point they were workable much like a bar of soap. Using an exacto knife I attempted to scrape some of the flaws off the first generation positives. Although it takes great care I believe I successfully fixed some of the flaws on some of the dice. For those who were previously keeping up with the project, I was originally thinking about casting the positives in jewelers wax to make them workable, and had already obtained some green jewelers wax for this purpose. Discovering that the positives themselves can be carved when soaked in rubbing alcohol is a game changer. This constitutes not only a breakthrough with the dice, but also an important revision in how this type of Polyjet output can be worked with in the future. Next I intend to attempt the same procedure with the white second-generation mold positives. Some of you have shown interest in seeing some of the problems and mistakes along the way, and the messy results. There have been quite a few lessons learned in the process. I will illustrate some of the problems in the first attempts at a mold set using Mold Max 60, which is the special thermal resistant molding material that can withstand the kind of heat used in pewter casting. First I wanted to find something to use for a backing material. When making rubber molds it's often useful to have a hard backing material or even an entire outer shell to maintain the overall shape of the mold during casting. This prevents warping in the final cast. It's also good to have something solid to hold onto. You can't really put a piece of rubber into a vise and expect it not to deform. The solution in this case was to use ceramic tiles. There's a reason the space shuttle uses ceramic tiles for the outer shell. They're extremely heat resistant. You could probably burn down your house and everything in it without hurting the ceramic tile. It's able to withstand much more heat than the molten metal heat I was worried about. It's also very inexpensive as a material. You can get each tile for a few cents! While shopping for tile I found this. The gamer in me had to stop and take a picture, and contemplate how I might use it. After getting some rectangular and square tiles, I put a clay layer on a rectangular tile. After that I used wood panels and a hot glue gun to build a box around it. Then I sawed off the excess wood pieces. This was followed by mold keys (bearings), coin mold positives, and a few pieces to guide the flow of metal in the mold shape. Unfortunately the first mold box didn't fit into the pressure pot, so I had to switch to thin balsa wood walls. At least those didn't need a saw to cut off the excess. Even with the thinner walls, the box had to go in with the pressure pot on its side. This isn't uncommon in casting, but it requires a setup with perfect alignment, and I don't really have the setup for that. As a result the mold wasn't perfectly level, although it did cure perfectly. Getting Mold Max 60 to cure perfectly is a challenge because it uses a 100:3 ratio by weight for mixing. It's difficult to get it just right, so I got lucky in my first mold. Here you can see the insufficient thickness in the mold due to the slant: After this I added more to the back, and tried to do it carefully, but this time the box leaked. Believe me, you do NOT want a mess of Mold Max 60 all over the place. It's seriously messy sticky stuff. However, the next attempt was more successful. Notice the thin sticks at the edges to make where the mold sides should separate. Here's the mold box for side B. I had to double up on the wood on one side, but that was okay. Unfortunately after mixing the Mold Max 60 for the B side of the mold it didn't cure properly. As a result, it was still gooey and sticky instead of a nice solid piece that I could just pull free. The good people at Reynolds Advance Materials suggested that I put in under a hot light bulb for six hours to help the Mold Max 60 to finish curing. I tried this... Even after days of additional cure time and the application of heat, although it was less sticky, it still didn't release properly. I had used plenty of mold release spray when preparing the mold, so it's really just insufficient mixing. Trying to mix enough at a 100:3 weight ratio is very tricky. This stuff is nowhere near as forgiving as the other molding material I use, which is a 1:1 volume ratio, quite easy to work with but not heat resistant for pewter casting. It will be fine for the dice. So, I had to pry the horrible mess apart and start over: YUCK! So, the Reynolds guy suggested I use alcohol to get the Mold Max 60 off my positives. Not only did that not work, but it's also very bad for the 3D printed polymer the positives are made of. Nope nope nope. So I ordered a new set of 3D printed coin positives from ZoomRP and started the process over again. As an inventor, Edison made 1,000 unsuccessful attempts at inventing the light bulb. When a reporter asked, "How did it feel to fail 1,000 times?" Edison replied, "I didn’t fail 1,000 times. The light bulb was an invention with 1,000 steps." When doing something worthwhile the most important thing is not to give up. Even if it takes a long time and a lot of effort and money, you just keep working at it until you get the results you want. That's the nature of the beast. I work multiple jobs. I take care of my daughter with zero help from her mother. I have several irons in the fire at all times. What I don't do is give up. There are those who will criticize me for not cranking out an inferior product quickly, instead choosing to take the time and effort needed to make a quality product. Perhaps some feel that my methods are incorrect, but believe me when I say I've done the research and I know what I'm doing. This isn't fast food. This is home cooking, and it's going to be awesome. If you feel that you're somehow being cheated because I cannot offer you regular episodes like Game of Thrones to show you what I'm doing, remember that everyone has a life and many things to attend to, and I'd rather get things done than update you every time I have to go to the store for supplies. It's only going to slow me down more. When the cookies are done baking, they're going to be delicious, kids. I'm planning to post another update soon. I've been taking pictures of the mold creation process for the coins. They're being cast in pewter, which means they require a high thermal resistance rubber for the molds.I had some spectacular screw ups and spills I suppose I'll share so you can get a laugh at the mess. The biggest problems I've dealt with have been with bad mold positives. The positives for the coins are perfect. They will work fine. The positives for the dice have ridges in them. I've paid for set after set after set to be made by professional 3D printing services, and they all look terrible on close inspection. As a result, I have found a local company that uses the same hardware, and they told me the reason has something to do with the way they are ganged for printing. I put several in one output to save money because this high end 3D printing is very expensive. I assume there is essentially a base setup cost for each output, which means if I print one die at a time instead of 20 it's going to cost a lot more. I lucked into a possible deal to get a high end 3D printer of my own at a substantially discounted price. If that happens I will be able to make my own positives for dice and miniatures, and that will reduce the overall costs of the operation. This should happen within the next few months as I save up to buy the new device. Why am I holding a can of MoldMax 60? What the heck is MoldMax 60? MoldMax 60 is high heat resistance silicone rubber for making molds. But, wait a minute. Didn't you say you had lots of Smoothcast 326 for molds? What do you need the MoldMax 60 for? As the ad copy puts it: "Mold Max® 60 was developed for high-heat resistance applications and will withstand up to 560°F / 294°C. It features a low mixed viscosity and cured rubber exhibits very low linear shrinkage. Parts A &amp; B are mixed 100A:3B by weight. Pot life is 40 minutes and rubber cures in 24 hours to a relatively hard Shore 60A." "Applications include making foundry patterns, flat pattern reproductions and casting low-temperature melt metal alloys such as tin and pewter." See, the problem is that although the coins looked good cast in plastic resin with metallic finishes, they felt like nothing. You'd be lucky if the wind didn't blow them away. It may have fulfilled the terms of the Kickstater, but I wouldn't have been happy with it, and neither would you. A coin should not only look like a coin; it should feel like a coin. Happily I discovered that pewter ingots can be ordered online for less than $20/lb., making it feasible to make metal coins instead of plastic. Also, the protective gear, furnace, dipper, and other tools are relatively affordable. Pewter casting is certainly the best way. Here's the process. Sorry I don't have the setup to shoot a whole video for you, but theirs perfectly illustrated what I'm doing with this. <url>"fill" in the gravity-fed molds. Getting a good fill is dependent on placement of vents. If the vents aren't in the right places, the mold will either leak or fail to fill cavities, especially in the upper areas. Pressure pots do help with this, but they're not perfect. This just comes down to trial and error in the design of the molds, of which I've made so many now, both successful molds and ugly failure molds. The other issue I've been working on is finding out how to make the coins out of metal. This is important. I've made coins out of resin that look good, but they feel like cheap crap. I can't ship coins that feel like junk, and I really won't be happy until I can make them out of metal . Thankfully there are lots of resources for making coins and medallions out of metal, so that shouldn't be nearly as challenging as the process of making the dice. There are so many ways to cast metal. You can even make a furnace in your back yard out of a coffee can and charcoal briquettes! Another thing is that although lead is cheap and readily available, it's not legal to use for this purpose any more (although I grew up playing D&amp;D with lead miniatures without any issues) so I'll have to use a more precious, less malleable metal. My father used to make little battle axes and spear heads out of lead for my Conan doll when I was a kid, and he would just heat it to cherry red in an iron skillet. Working with metal shouldn't me much of a problem. The main thing is making sure I use a molding material with the right thermal properties as well as high retention of detail. You need to be able to read the words on the coins or it's pointless. I'm sorry for the delays. I unfortunately married a woman who didn't share my love of tabletop gaming. Life goes on. The dice will continue to be developed, as well as coins and miniatures. There is only one way, and that's forward. I've got my sword and shield and I'm trudging on. Sorry there hasn't been anything to report. I've been in the process of moving. All the molding and casting stuff is still packed in boxes, but should be unpacked this week and things should be getting back on track. It's been a rough month, but it's about to get better. I had to put a lot more focus on taking care of my daughter for a while, and had to do the whole moving process and work at the same time. As some of you know I run multiple small home-based businesses, including web development/hosting, graphic design, and computer repair services. Juggling those with a sick toddler and packing to move was quite a feat. For those who haven't seen what the lines look like, I'll try to post some photos soon so you'll see why it is so important to me that the positives are free of these tiny flaws. The material the positives are made of it such a brilliant white that it's hard to see the flaws until you make a mold, and the solid color of the mold reveals them all. Unfortunately the 3D print service I was using before won't re-do them unless you report the flaws immediately, and initially they looked fine to me. It was only in production that the flaws became visible. I'm still committed to making these the best dice they can be. I apologize for the problems with them. The flaws in the last set of positives set me back a bit, but I have what I need to move forward now. Sorry it's been a while since the last update, but I'm hopeful that we'll be shipping this week. Of course I've also been doing my work as a web developer, and I lucked into a new contract to do an image site and new logo design for a relatively big company. I've also been working with a local author to get his novels formatted for Amazon's Kindle, but I know you guys are more interested in dice. Before I get to the molding and casting stuff, I wanted to mention that I've got two projects on Instructables now. There's a company that makes an easy-to-use 3D printer, and they're giving away ten of them in a contest on Instructables. Since a 3D printer would be a huge help to my work in making dice, I made a couple of simple dice-oriented tutorials to enter in the contest. How to Make Ten-Sided Dice (d10) in 3D Studio Max How to Make a Cardstock d20 (with a printer) They liked the cardstock d20 enough to give me a free pro account for a year and they featured it on the front page! I hope I win a 3D printer. That would offer a real advantage in making dice and miniatures. Even if the level of detail isn't enough for a mold positive, it's a great way to check scale and look for flaws before going to a service bureau for output. Hey! Anybody want a smoothie? Wait! That's not a smoothie! That's what happens with the super-fast curing resin I was using previously. Thankfully, the new resin (Smoothcast Colormatch 326) is about a hundred times better and easier to use than this stuff was. That's why I was getting these kinds of results before: That's cold-cast silver. It feels like weapons-grade cup bottom. It cured at a temperature that was NOT pleasant to hold with your bare hands. The cold cast attempts neither looked nor felt like I wanted them to. For example, although the coins looked fine... ...they didn't look like metal, and thanks to gravity they ended up with all the metal powder on one side (the bottom of the mold) and none on the other side (the top of the mold) which also results in another problem. When one side of a die or coin is full of metal powder they're heavily weighted to that side, i. e. rigged . Obviously that's completely unacceptable for gamers who want fair die rolls in games. I turned to my friends over at Reynolds and they set me up with a better solution with Cast Magic Powders, which I'll be showing in the next update. They also gave my two-year-old the super strength to lift this cinder block! Those are foam rubber, of course. Reynolds is where I get my resin and molding materials and additives now, and they've been very helpful in solving problems. As you guys probably remember, I got a pressure pot and a "hot dog" style compressor to fix the bubble problem, and it's been an excellent solution... except that my first pressure pot had to be exchanged because it was leaking air from the seal at the rim. Then the second pressure pot had a leak that I couldn't find initially, but I could hear the hissing sound as it leaked. After pouring water over it I found the leak. It was in an odd location by the base of the air intake nozzle, which I guess must have been a manufacturing defect. I don't know how these are made, but I didn't expect a leak there. Now I'm no my third pressure pot, and it's working fine. I'm also much happier with the safety release valve on this one. The others had poor quality 40 psi safety release valves, so I was about to order a 60 psi safety release valve online because I couldn't find one locally, but the new valve seems to work even up to 50 psi. I had another issue with the pressure pots because they have curved bottoms, so some of my molds were going in crooked instead of flat, resulting in slanted (bad) molds. To resolve this I mixed up some resin with white added and filled the bottom until it completely covered the curved area. Now there's a perfectly flat bottom in the pressure pot. It's a good thing I didn't do this until I got to the third pressure pot, or they might not have let me exchange the leaky ones! The molds are turning out a LOT better now. They're smoother, no bubbles, and they're well balanced. It's a vast improvement over the previous molds. I also started putting popsicle sticks into the molds to use as handles to pull them out with, and to leave a space for some little flex room inside when needed. Notice the little slots. The semi-spherical depressions are what we call "snaps" or "mold keys" which are used kind of like registration marks in commercial printing. They help lock things into perfect alignment for casting. Previously I had a lot of bad molds and bad castings for various reasons, from incorrect mix ratios to bad mold designs to ineffective mold release spraying and insufficient edge protection for separation. There are so many factors that can screw up a mold! By the way, I'm planning to throw in some of the color test castings (various shapes) for anyone that wants them, so if you'd like one let me know. I've also had people request the "disasters" but I think those are too embarrassing to send to anyone. I'm not sure why anyone would want a horribly misshapen d6 or d8 or whatever anyway. When a casting goes wrong, it's so ugly. I don't even want to post pics of the bad ones. They look like they've been microwaved or something. I'm so glad I have great quality resin now, and quality molding materials and tools. It makes all the difference in the world. I'm hoping to start shipping this week. Thanks for all the great supportive e-mails. It really does help. Taylor thanks you, too. Don't worry. That's not the blue molding material all over her face (I'd have a heart attack if it was!) It's ink from a non-toxic marker she decided to take apart... and get all over everything. Thanks again, everyone. Fingers crossed for shipping this week! Next update should show sets of finished dice right before they ship! I just wanted to share some images with you guys. Sorry I've been too busy to post updates as often as I'd like. Here are some images from Reynolds, the new place we're getting materials from. They're much bigger, have a much bigger selection of materials (and samples!) and they're very helpful. For one thing they helped me figure out how to solve one of the biggest problems we've been having with casting, although it means we're going to have to buy a pressure pot. How cool is that?! Anyway, I also wanted to post some pictures of the new positives. I hope everyone is having a happy holiday. I'll try to have samples of colors and materials up soon. We're still ironing out a few technical issues, but we're definitely making progress, so I wanted to share with everyone. Thanks again! To simplify getting to the web site you can now use HYDRADICE.COM to get to it. Thanks! Unfortunately people are having problems with the coupon code, so I've removed it from the system. It has been suggested that the prices have increased. I have tried to keep the prices consistent with the Kickstarter reward levels, but there were a couple of errors. It's a large web site with a lot of data, so it's taking some time to get all the bugs out. I appreciate your patience as these mistakes are ironed out. However, for those of you who are not seeing "free Kickstarter shipping" listed, please use the code "KICK" to get free shipping with your order. I've received several messages from people who missed the Kickstarter and wanted dice. I've also received messages from backers who wanted more dice, but couldn't get them because they missed the initial window. For everyone who missed their chance I have set up something special, and you can even invite your friends. Although you're not required to use the web site to place your order for your dice, it's easier for me to keep track of it that way. It's my intention to set up store credit for people who already paid so their orders go into the system without it asking for more money. That said, I've got an additional offer to encourage you to use the web site (which I honestly put a lot of work into and I hope you like it.) For the month of December, ANYONE who signs up as a customer on the new web site will have the status of a Kickstarter backer, which means you get the same free shipping deal. ALSO, throughout the month of December only, use the coupon code KICK20 to get 20% off any order of Necron dice, Death miniatures, or coins of Acheron. That means that if you want to order more, or if you missed the Kickstarter and want to get a discount on your order, you can get 20% off in December with this code. It doesn't apply to pre-orders on the Ancient Relics or any other dice, just the Necron series. Dice should hopefully be shipping soon. We're still trying to take care of a few technical problems, but we're almost there. Now is definitely the time to get those last minute orders in at a temporarily discounted price-- again, backer status, free shipping, and 20% off. The web site is at <url>"heads" side of the coin is the same skull design shared by all the Necron dice, and the Latin phrase "mors vincit omnia" meaning "death conquers all" or "death always wins." The tails side of the coin features crossed bones and the Latin phrase "morior invictus" which means "death before defeat." Before someone asks, yes, the reliefs on the coin are quite flat despite the intentional optical illusion of depth. Also, no, I have no plans to cast it in metal currently, but that could change. Previously this extra piece was only to be included with sets that had been represented by an error, but since we're well beyond the need for stretch goals, everyone who pledged for any set of dice gets the Coin of Acheron! I think it complements the Necron dice nicely. I hope you guys like it. There's been some confusion as to how many of each type of dice is included in each set (largely due to typos, my bad!) I've also announced the addition of an extra piece to make amends for my typos, currently called the mystery die, but it will be revealed soon. :) To clarify what comes in each of the current packages since I managed to make it a bit confusing, here's a list by die type of the current packages. There may be additional packages offered in the future, but I'm listing the current packages as they are. Whether or not the mystery die is included with a set (other than the typo sets) is something I'll leave up to the individual backer after the die is revealed. I also want to clarify that pricing is not strictly based on a system where a dollar amount is automatically a number of dice. Certain types of dice are going to require additional positives to be made ($$$$) and additional molds ($$) so there is a bottom of sorts based on minimum quantities and ganging. I have actually eaten a little cost in some of the smaller sets because I thought more people might want smaller sets. Also remember that shipping is included in this calculation. $12 - 4d6 $18 - 6d6 $20 - 1d4, 1d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20 $25 - 10d6 $25 - 10d10 $25 - 1d4, 3d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (for typo!) $40 - 1d4, 7d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (for typo!) $50 - 20d10 $50 - 20d6 $50 - 3d4, 3d6, 3d8, 3d10, 3d%, 3d12, 3d20 $50 - 10d6, 10d10 $60 - 3d4, 9d6, 3d8, 3d10, 3d%, 3d12, 3d20 $75 - 1d4, 13d6, 1d8, 11d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (typo!) $100 - 50d6 $100 - 7d4, 7d6, 7d8, 7d10, 7d%, 7d12, 7d20 $120 - 7d4, 21d6, 7d8, 7d10, 7d%, 7d12, 7d20 $200 - 16d4, 16d6, 16d8, 16d10, 16d%, 16d12, 16d20 $250 - 16d4, 48d6, 16d8, 16d10, 16d%, 16d12, 16d20 $500 - 40d4, 40d6, 40d8, 40d10, 40d%, 40d12, 40d20 $600 - 40d4, 120d6, 40d8, 40d10, 40d%, 40d12, 40d20 $1,000 - 100d4, 100d6, 100d8, 100d10, 100d%, 100d12, 100d20 $1,200 - 100d4, 300d6, 100d8, 100d10, 100d%, 100d12, 100d20 Whew! That took a while! I hope that clarifies the contents of the current packages. Please send me a message if you have any questions. Thanks again, everyone! Thanks to Chad's suggestions I've added some additional packages with more dice for those who play lots of different games. Oh, how the other players will be jealous of you when they see how many of these custom hand-cast dice you have! Check out the list of backer rewards to see the new options if the smaller packages just weren't cutting it for you, and thanks again for backing my project! I just want to give a shout out to the guys doing the Wooden Promises module for Pathfinder. Check them out! They're planning to buy a whole run of custom dice to support their module. I'll be posting the designs later. To satisfy demand, I've put together some other options for assortments of dice. Among the new rewards you'll find larger orders of d6's and d10's. You'll also soon be seeing a new piece added to these sets. More on this later... When I posted the listing for the sets with 3d6 instead of just 1d6 along with the rest of the set, I put in that it was ten dice. You might be wondering if I've gone mad. Although it was a typo, I'm going to honor this for the total number of pieces in the set! However, instead of 4d6... there will be an additional type in the set. I'm going to post an image of it within the next day or so. However, because at least one backer wants 4d6 instead of 3d6 with their set, I'm also going to add that option in an additional backer reward listing. Stay tuned for the next update! I got quite a few requests for additional six-sided dice, so I wanted to make sure I let everyone know there are now new rewards in the list. If you wanted the standard set with two additional six-sided dice that's now available. It makes sense. The original way to roll up stats (strength, intelligence, dexterity, etc.) in Dungeons &amp; Dragons was to roll 3d6. Also, traditionally six-sided dice have always come in pairs, so adding a pair seemed like a good request to fill for people so you can have a complete set and also a pair for other games. I've also had requests for sets of several six-sided dice for the modern wargames and RPGs that use lots of them, so I'm offering sets of just six-sided dice also. I want everyone to be happy and get what they want, of course, so I'm trying to fill these requests as much as possible. If you previously put in a pledge for a standard set of seven dice but would like to have a set with the extra six-siders, it's available now. Have a great day, everyone, and thanks for making my dream of being a dice maker come true. You're all awesome. The dice are not being made from pewter. Someone requested to see what they would look like in pewter, which is why I cast some in pewter. They will be cast in resin as previously planned. I'm currently getting new mold positives made by another company that will put more quality control into output. I'll have samples to show soon, but I've also been busty with other projects I can't talk about yet due to NDAs. I would like to mention that despite the number to the right saying $17,473, that is not the amount I actually received. After Kickstarter and Amazon took their cut it was closer to $14,000. That's still enough to work with, but for those who keep quoting that number because it's on the page, it's not accurate. I'm hoping to have the new molds completed within a month or two, and to be shipping the dice with the pewter coins soon thereafter. Nathan, I have made some sample metal dice. I'll be showing them in the next update, along with lots of coins. I'm still actively working on this project. I'm posting updates. All of the project goals will be reached and all the dice, coins, and minis will be delivered. The fact that a very small minority of the backers have decided that a $25 or $50 contribution gives them the right to send daily harassing e-mails and to post insulting comments in the forums has not stopped me from pursuing these goals. In my next post I'm going to show how beautiful the coins are, and following that I'll be focusing on the process of making the dice again. I'm posting some of these updates as public posts so that other people with similar projects will be able to follow the trail of breadcrumbs and avoid some of the mistakes I made along the way. Anyone who thinks it's going to be a piece of cake to do a project like this is underestimating the difficulties you will encounter in this process. My wife is a violent psychotic drug addict and I was forced to defend myself and my child when she went into one of her psychotic rages. The only reason I went to jail and my wife did not was because I begged the police not to take her because I knew she would commit suicide if she went to jail again. I could easily post my wife's mugshots from the many times I was forced to send her to jail for violence. My wife left my daughter with me at our home so I could take care of her because I work at home. Then she claimed she had too much "anxiety" to deal with being a mother any more, and has refused to see her daughter for MONTHS despite my repeated attempts to try to schedule time for them together. I have only recently been staying with family because I couldn't afford a two bedroom house by myself. I didn't "kidnap" my child. I have every right to take care of my daughter and keep her safe, and my wife has told me directly that I have to keep our daughter because she can't handle it. These are facts. My wife was never taking care of our daughter. She was putting her in daycare all day, then letting me or other people watch her before. My wife ended up spending all her time getting high on drugs or playing video games like some kind of teenager and refused to pick up her daughter every single time I offered. Anyone who says different doesn't know what they're talking about. and YES, I am divorcing her. I'm doing it for the good of my child and for my own good instead of letting a psycho drug addict ruin my child's life and mine. My wife is a complete mess and has committed adultery, and she's a drug addict. Carrie Roux KNOWS NOTHING. She wasn't present for ANY of this stuff. She is just someone who casually knows my wife, and it is a fact that Carrie is on antipsychotic medication, and she did cheat on her husband, at which point he wanted to move in with me and my wife because he had nowhere else to go. She destroyed him, but somehow she decided to take him back and he was fool enough to go back. There were false statutory **** charges against me almost ten years ago. They offered me deals where the charges would go away if I took probation, and I refused. I wouldn't accept any kind of "deal" for something I didn't do, so they've stalled and stalled in the hope that I will give in and take a deal. I have consistently refused and demanded a trial. How nice of you to come back and post that after I gave you a refund, Christian. I'm sure you feel like a real hero. Here's the part of the timeline that's missing. My wife has become a drug addict, and has psychotic episodes where she beats me up. That's the main reason I'm divorcing her. I've sent her to jail repeatedly, and she said if she ever went to jail again she would commit suicide. I believed her, so last time when I called the police, I begged them to take me instead of her, and that's what they did. She left while I was in jail, took everything she wanted, and although I bailed her out before when I sent her to jail, I had to make bail for myself. She then left me with our daughter, and claimed that she can't handle being a parent any more, so I've had to pay for everything by myself and I'm now a single father. I moved everything I had into storage, and I've been forced to stay with family temporarily. Yes, my daughter was sick and I had to take care of her full time by myself, no help from anyone. Yes, I got sick after she did. Yes, we're both well now, and we don't have any money. Despite having nothing to spare, I gave Christian Oliver a refund on the condition that he stop posting here. Although I only have a temporary place to stay, I brought all the silicone and resin and molds and supplies with me so I could work on the dice here. The project hasn't been cancelled. I'm still working on it. Let me put it this way. I put the money to make the dice into making the dice. I put it into expensive 3D printed mold positives, several types of resin, several types of platinum silicone for molds, a compressor, a pressure pot, and a long list of other materials and tools, as well as packages for shipping. I've put a large amount of money and time into this project. This is not my job. This is not what I do for a living. It's a project. The resources for this project have been spent on the project. Any money I have other than that is limited, especially right now. Thanks to my separation from my wife and the fact that I no longer have a home, and I am still taking care of my daughter, my funds are limited. If you want to take $25 out of my pocket because I don't have your dice made this second, I'm finding it a bit difficult to put your concerns at the top of my list of priorities. My priorities right now are to take care of my daughter, find a place to live, and to try to run my home-based business without a home. When I can spend some time casting dice out of resin, I will surely do so. I have previously posted here to describe my current situation. I am in the process of moving. My computers are not connected to the internet and everything I own is in boxes. I'm in the process of moving, and I am just recovering from an illness. Perhaps because this is just a screen full of text, some may imagine that the people at the other end of this don't have lives ongoing, problems to resolve, or reasons why they're out of touch, but the reality is that I've had many issues to deal with other than this Kickstarter. All issues will be resolved, but not today. Today I am still in bed recovering from a nasty illness, and typing this to you from a laptop. When everything is resolved the backers who paid for dice will receive their dice. I just cannot do it today. I'll be happy to refund your money on the condition that you agree not to post here again, "Christian". Making a public comment is not the right way to ask this, and your timing isn't very good considering what's going on right now. I still intend to make the dice, but right now I may not even have a home, so you're going to have to wait either way. Sorry. This has been a difficult month. I've been sick for most of the month, and packing to move (still not moved myself) and my wife left me, so it's been rough. I did get the jewelers wax and the info on the much better 3D print service, so that's on track, but otherwise things have been hard. As most of you know I also do other work pretty much full time. I've been doing tech work for clients around the DFW area (while sick--ugh) and illustration work for Worlds of Magic and trying to juggle it all at once. I'll try to have another update soon. April was indeed the cruelest month. @Neil, Yes, there should be pictures with the various colors as soon as they're ready to ship. @Christiaan, Not sure why the store credit wasn't visible. It's definitely in the system in your name. Please create an account at <url>" in each dimension, if that gives you an idea. Depending on how much the plastic shrinks it should be close to that. @Matthew Phillips - Chimearacon sounds great. Send me e-mail about it at <email> so I can get set up for that. I lived in Austin before I moved to Denton, and San Antonio is one of my favorite cities to visit. @Claudia Graf - The fine folks at Kickstarter already have me set up for five additional dice projects, and I've got SO many more. It's going to be interesting to see which sets of dice people want as more designs are rolled out. :) Actually, the $40 set contains 14 pieces including the upcoming mystery die... Just to clarify, the $40 set does include 13 dice, not 10. Sorry about the mistake, but once someone has pledged I can't edit to fix errors. If there is enough demand for d20 sets I'll definitely add them. It's more a question of how many odd pieces are going to be left over from a mold that makes a full set. To make sets of only d6 or only d10 I'll have to make additional positives (expensive) to make quality molds of just that die type. Depending on how they're ganged, multiple color options will definitely be available. I'm afraid the additional die type I'll be adding to the sets isn't anything quite so exotic as the d30. It takes considerable time to design them and get the balance right and overcome issues that cause STL checks to fail, so it's going to be something relatively simple. I don't want to build up everyone's expectations too much. It's just something I thought would be cool to add to the sets. I'll be posting images soon. Anticipated colors for the dice include black, white, bone, blood red, gray, midnight blue, and probably some optional painted finishes for simple effects. I will probably set up a poll so backers can vote on what colors they want before I order all the color additives. @Dustin Landau - The Cybertech dice failed the STL check with the output service bureau, so I have to resolve some issues with the models. It's not a big deal. It's a standard part of the process. It just takes time to fix. Also, 10d10 is now available. It will require the creation of extra molds and positives, but that's okay as long as enough people want them. @Kristen Martin - I'm glad. I hope your husband will enjoy them. @Michael Russell - Yes. I'll be showing you some new designs soon. @Sean L. - Thanks for the suggestion. I'll give that a try. The dice will be cast in high quality resin in custom colors. I'm going to add another set of d6's, but it will mean additional costs in tooling. It means more positives and more molds. @David Dupuis, yes, it's definitely fixable. It's just going to take time and work, but it will be on schedule as a future set again. I just had some failed STL checks due to taking a foolish shortcut with some small details. Getting my hands dirty (so to speak) will solve it. @Everyone, THANK YOU! I'm trying to figure out how many to offer in sets of d6 or d10 based on popular games that use only those dice. I'll have to make specific molds just for those sets, so it's important to know how many it's going to take. I think the order of dice sets will go Necron, then Ancient Relics, then Eldritch Pointy. There were some issues with Cybertech so I'm fixing them in the meantime. You can see six of the 23 designs here: <url>’t scare me off. I’ve backed almost 200 projects and only three have failed to deliver. ugh......"SEX ASLT CHILD" don't want anything from this guy whatsoever Sad I won't see these dice, but thanks to Neil we at least know where he is. A late Happy New Year to you George! How's the project going? Yikes, eligible for release in 2028. I therefore expect dice in 2029. Or not. ;) Soooo, KS has a statement intended to "protect" the backers...buuuuttt does nothing to enforce it. Nice. OMG …. the loser is in jail … that is fantastic !!! He is eligible for visitation, so we *could* go pick them up. Is this him? <url>#383 I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. One of my early Kickstarter failures, deader than the Lernaean Hydra. The funny thing is that somehow he had money to fund other projects. Merry Christmas everyone! They serving a good dinner at the homeless shelter, George? Have a good Thanksgiving, George? The karma pay back on jipping us on the dice is fairly high. No way I want those dice now! Yeesh! Keep the dice. Maybe he'll finally have the time and resources to make the dice in jail since he won't have to worry about housing and there won't be any kids to "distract" him Lol got scammed by a literal pedophile. Hmm...just ganna leave these one here... <url>"abandoned" as the got-it checkbox they put at some point? Homeless men make no dice, after all. I've just given up on this one at this point "Unfortunately we've been evicted. I'm now officially homeless. My daughter is temporarily staying with my ex-wife because I have no home even though I have legal custody. This is the worst it has been." Newest post from his gofundme page ....HAHAHAHAHA what a loser !! Still trying to scam !! Happy 4 year anniversary everyone! I know I'm late but that goes hand in hand with this project. So, I'm guessing the term "No Dice" is very apropos with this project... Could the author make any more updates to this? <url>#.V5t3j6KiDwI Any updates? I reported his gofundme and used this link to show how much of a scamming prick he is. With any luck he'll get booted from that site and end up with nothing. Hope everyone had a happy 4th of July, if you celebrate it. George, did you use the long weekend to actually work on the dice? This guy is just as bad as Ken Whitman. Selling our dice molds and not giving us what we pledged. Scammers are the worst. Hey, any updates? Oh yeah, I forgot about this waste of money. Early Kickstarter stupidity on my part. It'd be nice to at least get the .stl files for those of us who have access to a 3D printer. So - selling dice <url>… or is that just wishful thinking? Am I late for July's update? No? OK. This is an interesting article for the American backers <url>#disqus_thread Any updates? He's got a Gofundme page for his medical bills. Asking for $15k. We're never going to see our dice or our money. I'm tired of this project and though my investment in it is not "that high", I feel cheated and would like either a refund or a quick response with a delivery date. This guy looks more and more like someone who used our money for his personal needs and cannot or will not fulfill his KS promises as we are not important anymore (no more money), which angers me. I hope to get an update fast SHOWING me wrong, no nice words, but facts or I would strongly support starting something to get some justice/money back/whatever. I'm gonna paste the message I sent to the creator through KS: Hi George, It's been well over 6 months with no news and a while since there was any substantial advance on the project. Could you update us as to what is the situation of the project and if you will be delivering as you have promised time and time again, or how we would be able to ask for refunds? Thanks for your attention, I sincerely hope to get some update soon, best regards, In reply to Mickey's comments about the criminal website hit for George Edward Purdy, I did find a hit on one of those websites, but that person had his trial in March of 2014, with jail time, and we have had updates well beyond that date, so that would be a different George Edward Purdy. I did send a message through Kickstarter today to see if we can get an update of any kind. We can always hope. As much as I would love to have these to put in my daughter's stocking, Carson is correct: Your backers have been patient, and there have been no updates in over 6 months. It's time to, as they say, crap or get off the pot. George, either give us updates and a return on our investments, or give us all our money back. Pick one. I'm tired of hearing nothing, and seeing zero progress. I don't care about your personal woes. You took money from people to create something. Nothing has been made. You need to fix this. Did anyone receive the coins? Nothing in May, surely June will have an update. Any of you guys fancy hooking up on Facebook? Alright, can't wait for May 2015's update! He won't give any, Kickstarter won't help, consider it a loss. over 6 months without an update, no significant rewards sent... so how do we ask for refunds? I did the same search. One thing is clear, we have a better chance reviving the dead then to recieve these dice. We really need an update now. Hmm. Just googled him to check status on Twitter and whatnot. He is now appearing on some rather disenheartening websites regarding crime, that I really hope is not true. However I am not savvy in US law, so I am not that happy to post the links here if it might not be true. :( How about an update? This guy is a charlatan. Local police should arrest him for fraud. The only unfortunate part is that his daughter will go into the system. Well, brand new month. Let's wait and see! On his twitter feed, he calls himself a warrior. BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!! More like a thief. What a dick. His last login was 3/8/15, either he's preparing a mind-blowing update of a lot of pictures and no progress, or he's hoping we've all forgotten. Has anyone done a Google search for George Edward Purdy? There are some very interesting results. Hey, any updates?! Ya know I go to this guys 'live journal' and he has all these articles on people being taken advantage of and how scandals have screwed people over ... I cant help but to feel a little sense of Irony here ... one last time ... are we every getting our dice ?? Any news would be welcome.... What's going on? an update would be nice, yeah... Maybe we'll get an update this month! Wish I got a refund. This guy's had it rough. I wanted a refund and I got it, but I feel really bad for him. Heart attack. Such bad luck. <url>"I haven't shipped mixed orders yet because the dice aren't finished yet, but will be soon enough, and then the mixed orders will be shipped." Note that this was 6 weeks ago and.... radio silence since. Guy is a joke. Any updates? An update would be nice. Dice even moreso... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Here we go. The "I didn't know Kickstarter and Amazon would take X% of the funding" defense. Any other excuses I can add to my new KS project - "The KS Excuse Book" This user's account has been deleted. Hello there what the eta on these now two years on from Funding?? I also do not want pewter dice. if the coins are pewter I will pass on them. with little kids in the house they seem to put everything they can get their hands on into their mouth. Not a good idea with pewter. This user's account has been deleted. Chris S does not speak for 'us.' I appreciate the difficulty you have had to deal with over the last few years and look forward to one day receiving my dice. Yeah George, obviously the 17K+ we collectively "gave2 you doesn't give us any rights at all does it? No one gives a damn about the coins... how about you find a manufacturer who can do these dice and order them or just refund us. We are tired of your pathetic excuses and attempts, you clearly have no idea what you are doing and insulting backers is certainly not the way to go. Take a look at this update to see how someone gets dice made: <url>"breakthrough", I want my money back to walk away from this scam of a project that I don't believe for a moment you'll ever deliver on. Why the hell Kickstarter lets liars and scammers like yourself get away with this I really don't know. Glad to see you have the money to back other projects but not refund us. I have a good idea for you George: make a thrid Kickstarter with the sole purpose of collecting money to pay back your backers. Because you don't have to actually produce anything, you'll actually have your first, sucessful Kickstarter. Also, you'll be upfront that you're taking people's money with no reward this time as well. Certainly can't expect to ever get our dice now... You haven't a clue what you're doing! Just send our refunds and be done with it. The $17,473, is gone. Even if George could make the dice. Which I don't think he close. He would have to make dice for 524 backers. That's 536 -12 backers that just backed $1. It would cost him at $2096 just on shipping cost and that at $4 a shipment. The cost will most likely be $8 a shipment when you add the box. Which will bring his shipping cost $4,192. I don't think we will see those dice or refunds. George actually got back to me, but rather than give me a refund, he had a "breakthrough" and "believes it's on track again." Wouldn't mention the possibility of a refund, just asking me to still be patient. Almost two years George, I've been patient enough. I don't believe in you or this project, please give me a refund so I never have to deal with you again. His last log in was on 5/30. So it's not like he's gone for a few months and then updates about his latest failure, he's just outright ignoring everything. Scamming sums it up pretty nicely. A liar and a scammer. I have to admit I backed a fairly low to middling tier too, but that's not really the point. The point is he hasn't delivered, ignores his backers, and lies. And yet apparently he can get away with all this as Kickstarter just wash their hands of the matter and say "contact the project owner". I even contacted Amazon as all the payments went through them, but they are unable to do anything due to the length of time this fiasco has been going. So George, are you doing to do the decent thing and refund the people who want refunds? Or are you going to continue ignoring your backer's valid concerns? I have refrained from commenting sooner, because A) I did only back at a rather low tier compared to many, and B) I had some empathy with your situation. But you seriously need to come down from your high horse and stop with the "This isn't fast food. This is home cooking. I have a life as well"-quotes. Because if that is your philosophy you should have said that when you made the KS, and made the delivery date as October 2016 instead of 2012. A bit of a delay is all fine - but now you are almost 2 years behind and still trying to find the right materials, etc? That is scamming people, whether you are working on it or not. And you talking down to the people that are mad about it, just pisses me off. You have time to post on reddit about UFO's but not get back to your backers? "good, honest work May. 13th, 2014 at 10:11 AM I've been working for the city garage in the daytime. We mostly work on police cruisers and various city trucks for different departments. I do lots of oil changes, brakes, rotors, fluid checks, etc. I feel like I'm getting a great crash course in being a mechanic. I've done some of this stuff on my own cars, but this is a bit more intense. Professional tools in a real garage make a big difference, and expert instruction doesn't hurt. It feels good to do something for the city, something tangible as a contribution. " How about you work on some refunds Georgey? I see you'll do work when you're getting paid. What's wrong George? Didn't get the circle-jerk of compliments you were expecting when you actually posted an update? George, you said you would refund me on the 12th of March. Come on, keep your word and don't be a liar - please refund me. Appears I'm not the only one who's PM's you're constantly ignoring. <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?" "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. ..." Any chance of a refund? make our dice. How funny this guy talks about people screwing other people over and how wrong it is yet he has screwed over 536 people and that's ok ... Taken from his blog ... "...have learned this through experience, so I should share it. No matter how much you do for people, no matter how many things you do to help them or how much you give them, people always somehow think you haven't done anything for them. It's shocking and amazing, but it happens again and again and again. I don't understand it. I don't know why some people are this way, but I have seen it so many times. You could save someone's life, give them a gold brick, anything, and somehow they feel you never did anything for them, and they owe you nothing. If someone tells you they're suicidal, dial the hotline for them and walk away. If someone asks you to fix their computer, bill them. If they want you to do something for them, get a receipt. People are blind to the things you do for them, no matter how big. Get it in writing. Take a picture. Shoot a video. You won't get anything back for anything you do. That's human nature. It sucks. ..." Read his blog and it will explain everything you need to know about why this project will never happen <url>"little people". Well George, there are 536 people here who counted on you and you have let us down. Yes, you have had all the excuses in the world, but the reality is, you haven't lived up to the promise you made to us. Fact of the matter is, you really didn't know what you were getting yourself into and I'm not convinced you have a single penny of the funds left. I've just cancelled pledges to 4 other KS campaigns because of the failure of this and a few other campaigns I've backed and from now on will only back KS with a proven track record (which really will remove the stated purpose of KS for me). Shame it has come to this, hopefully you will at least find a way to get some control over your personal life. Zzzz This user's account has been deleted. If there is a lawsuit I think there will be a few hundered backers that would sign up. I know I will. I not trying to kick George when he down. I feel bad for him. I am only out $20, but it sound like he lost a lot more. It would best for Mr. Purdy do anything he can to make those dice or refund if he unable to make the dice. If, no I sorry not "If" but when a Class action lawsuit is filed against Mr. Purdy, how many of his 536 backers do think would sign up for it? Its been a year a his backer are still commenting on his kickstarter site. I does not matter if he broke. He never went incorporate, and are pledge is legally seed money to expanded his business, not a preorder model. Even thought are end was to for dice. His end was not upheld. And he's could be found legally liable for more the what we pledge. You can't take from someone who doesn't have anything anymore. I think its time for some legal action here !! @Caldak Looks like he has hired someone to get these done. Only a year later than it should have been. I still hold out no hope of these getting done. Haven't seen any mail or updates about them. Loved the look and got sold on the idea. But this one is still flat on its face in my books ? @ Andrew agree its all we see what people post but unless you know the man personally it could be seen as a scam. Send me your $$ and I'll share my uncles wealth @ George if life is getting hard, perhaps just use the $ and give the work to someone else to complete. We get the product and you don't end up looking like a scammer. This user's account has been deleted. Confirmation after confirmation that what I have been saying is coming true. Any news (from the creator)? An update would be great seeing as how the last one is several months old... I don't exactly know how to feel. George by the looks of it is in hell and I feel horrible for the guy. I also know that I spent 125 bucks for dice I'm likely to never get. I know kickstarter isnt a store but I also know that its not a lottery where you are gambling for success. Trying to get anything from George at this point seems like just kicking a man while hes down. It feels like there should be something the kickstarter organization should be able to do. I just feel lost on how to feel on the matter. I don't get why George is still selling these dice on his web sight, when he not able to make them. well stated just dave. peace Being human is not a crime, having bad things unexpectedly happen to you is part of life, I lose out on some money, and since I know you cannot squeeze blood from a stone I am not going to waste enger on negative thinking or anger . He did not start this KS with the intent of defrauding people out of their money. He did try to deliver. Things went south. Maybe a year or two from now some dice might show up, they also might not. I hope his life gets better, from one human being to another. Peace I said I wouldn't post anymore but I have to this one last time for all the delusional backers that think that they'll actually ever get anything. Just read his personal blog to see what's going on with this guy and you'll see what I mean. <url>"Kickstarter is not a store". Somehow people take this to mean that backers are then not allowed to complain if they don't receive anything. Well, I happen to disagree and I think the various lawsuits that have been filed against other campaigns (and Kickstarter) attest to the fact that others feel the same way. Just because something is in a site's terms and conditions does NOT mean it's legal and/or enforceable. @Jeromy you must be floating on a pink cloud somewhere in Utopia. If he cannot complete the project then give the money back. I haven't heard this much nonsense in a long time. If you can attest for George's commitment then why don't YOU answer my questions I have been asking for the last few months? And when I mean answer give me something that is worth more then the crap we have been hearing until now. Kickstarter is risky and there is no guarantee of success. If you want to be guaranteed that you will get your product, buy it from a store. That said, patience is a virtue. I will attest to George's commitment to this project. @Christiaan Meijer i am pretty much in the same position as you. Basically from what i can see, George is broke. He has lost everything and can barely afford to eat at this point and the dice do not appear to be a possibility at all. Please, prove me wrong, but posting on a public blog about how you have nothing left in life and how you cannot afford anything to the point you had to sell all your possessions while people are waiting on a product from you does not look good. Last update was 6 August, which included ramblings about why he won't use China for production, personal issues, etc etc. You're right Christiaan, at this point it looks like it's never going to happen. I asked for a refund months ago and was basically told it was wasn't going to happen. I have empathy for his personal situation but the fact remains, he's had our money for 13 months and is 11 months past delivery date. There are more and more KS projects that are falling into this area and there are more and more people taking legal action and other steps to recover funds. We'll just see what happens here. Yes, George,..please indulge us with your progress for this project. It's only been over 2 months since your last update (or I missed one). I am looking forward to the 1 year anniversary that the project was supposed to be delivered. I will probably get comments on this again that I am being to harsh bla bla bla, but let's be honest George, why keep some of us with this false hope that this is going to succeed? Just give in and tell us you had a great idea and even greater plans, but that due to circumstances beyond your control you are not able to fullfill our desires of these awesome dice. Look at all these backers that are faithful to you,..their hopes of one day really getting the dice is so strong you could have a small European town run on it's energy for months. As for me,..I gave up on the dream of these beautiful dice a long time ago. Now I am just bitter and it has become a principal for me to stand my ground in this. To give me peace you can either be truthful about the situations as asked before (meaning what is the exact status of the project and where is all the money?), or give me my money back,... If life is as bad as you make it out to be then I feel bad for you, but that still does not make up for leaving your 536 backers in the dark with very few updates on what's going on. I know this will fall on deaf ears (again) but I will keep posting until I see dice or money. Hope you will have the courage to wake up and speak up. Hoping for an update? George? By raising 1700% of his initial goal, this went from being a minor project to a major one. With the increase in capital, he raised his sights and tried to create a higher quality product. Money was spent on resources and equipment that didn't pan out as expected. These tests and setbacks have eaten away at any extra capital he had and now he is scrounging to get by, in life and on this project. In football terms, he out kicked his coverage. Now, I don't know Mr. Purdy to pass any judgement on his character. I tend to give people the benefit of the doubt in a situation like this and trust that they will do the right thing. My hope is that Mr. Purdy gets his life back to normal, gives us frequent updates relevant to this project, and delivers high quality dice that I will enjoy using for years. Beyond that, I'll wait. I'm not losing much sleep over this. On my end, it's just not that big of a deal in the whole scheme of things. God bless. Nobody can come up with a realistisch answer? Come in you guys! If you read his comments about economic hardship and all the terrible things that are happening to him and his daughter. What do you think happend to our $17,000,-? Is it mostly still there to be uses to produce the dice or is all the money gone? He said he would use some money from a new job for the dice as well? Why? I ask... You're raised 1700% of your initial goal! Can someone give me an answer to this? To be fair Michael while it was nice to have the recent update anyone who has read these comments knew everything but the technical details.. and while i would be nice to have updates every single day...we can't expect him to spend his whole life doing nothing but replying to our comments and working on dice that are lets face it a side project for him in addition to his work and family. saying we had no idea what was going on is a bit of a stretch saying it had been a long time since we had heard a progress report would be correct and quoting the rules for the creator is a little... shall we say out there delays happen. it was a little out of line for you to say he was ignoring us just because he updated his social feeds.. or to put it another way complaining that he was living his life without looking in on kickstarter. Cerity is right despite what could be called a sparsity of true updates George has been pretty open in the comments. Up until that last update we had no details on what was going on with these dice @Cerity. It is good to hear they are coming along and look forward to seeing some casts done with the new molds. Proof... Attempted... Do you guys not read ?? George was and has been open. And here is what they see when creating a project <url>’s not the right way to get my money back. I say that because if they do give me my money he still gets to keep my money and not have to pony up a anything. George I would rather you do the right thing and refund my money so I can do the right thing cancel the dispute. Like I said before the faster you honor my request for a refund the faster I will go away. So if the message is not clear… REFUND MY MONEY! I'll be back to post again in a couple of days if i don't get that refund. Not to rub it in Apocalypse nerd but he did refund my money. Just after his little rant. Hope he finally comes through for you as well. @Christian I suggest that you file a dispute with your credit card company. I just now did that because I don't think this guy will ever deliver what we paid for and you don't want to take money out of his pocket. I like you have tried contacting him through private message but he ignores them so that is why I started posting in the comments section. George I tried to do things the right way and asked you privately for a refund but you ignored me. I understand you have all kinds of problems but so does everybody else. I find it hard to believe that you have spent the entire $17K on the project already and have nothing to show for it. Because if you have spent all the money and don't have my $50 & Christians $25 to refund us then how the hell are you going to make all those dice? Is it going to come out of your pocket? I don't think so because you have made it sound like you don't have any money especially since you can't afford to refund my $50. Just a heads up I'll keep posting until either you refund my money or my CC completes my dispute. it will probably be quicker to get rid of me by refunding my $50 since the CC dispute could take a couple of months. Here's to hoping you do the right thing. You need to look back at your actions and inability to communicate properly, both by blabbering about all of your (fake?) personal issues and never answering private messages or questions in general, and worry about that. I want my money back because of your actions. I could care less if that bothers you or affects you in any way. This is not facebook, you are not my friend, and I owe you nothing in the way of consideration for your supposed problems. Thanks for the refund, good luck with the project. How hard is it to refund $25???? Maybe it takes 5 minutes of your time? I don't care what's going on in your life, unless you are completely paralyzed, which you obviously are not, then help me to leave you alone and just refund my money. I think you have just decided to f**k us all over, otherwise why else wouldn't you? George, attacking your backers is not the way to go about this. At various times you have been packing to move, moving, may not have a house, been ill, been seriously ill, your daughter has been ill and more. You even said you would be shipping in March. While I empathize with your plight, the reality is this project is taking far longer than seems feasible. Of course your backers are going to get upset. Rather than attacking them back and/or making excuses, the best way forward is to define an action plan, with specific milestones. It's OK if you don't reach those milestones, but communicate them and let people know WHY you missed them and what the revision to the schedule will be. I tried to keep from posting on the comments section. I stated this in my private messages to you were I also acknowledged your personal issues. But you have obviously not read them even though you have enough internet access to post to the comments section. I don’t want to continue to post here so please respond to my direct messages to you. If not I will be forced to continue posting here and that frequency will increase and my willingness to be civil will decrease. So in short read my messages, respond to them and my request and I will go away. If not be prepared to hear much more from and I will see if I can get Kickstarter to help with my request. @Christian That is unfortunate to hear. Thank you for your input. Apocalypse Nerd I was told I would get a refund and have not heard from him since so I wouldn't hold your breath. Mr Purdy I have sent you a couple of private messages over the last 2 weeks. Please read them and respond otherwise I will be forced to take a less peaceful path. Are these shipping, are they done, or are we supposed to be doing something different to get these in our hands? I'm confused on what to do at this point? George, I am sorry to hear about your recent rough times. Hopefully everything turns around for you soon. I am still looking forward to my dice. I created an account on the hydra games site but don't see a credit. Perhaps it doesn't show up right away. Also is there anywhere we can see samples of what all these color options look like? Hey George, I understand the problems you're going through, just would be nice to get an idea of what progress (if any) you've made lately Hey George sorry to hear about your situation hope you land on your feet. Get some gaming buddies together and beat the snot out of some Orcs is always helps me. Look forward to your next Hydra post. ?????? DEAL!! So sorry to hear that George. Take care of yourself. I hope things turn around for you soon. I really dont care about your personal issues. They have nothing to do with me. Honestly I think your full of it. Can I have my money back or not? If I have to wait for the dice fine, I doubt they will ever be made considering how insane some of your comments and updates have been. I would like to think you can handle refunding a measley $25 unless you have some shady reason not too. Id like my money back please. Ouch good luck..sounds like you need it. Hi George any update? Was wondering when the credit will show up on the site and for that matter where to look for it ... Couldn't find that info on web site Clearly backing this project was a mistake. I'm glad I didn't pledge very much. Will you be posting pics of the dice in the various colors so we can order the right color for our needs? I have long gone registered and my info is all the same, but I do not see any store credit. When do we get this? I appreciate the instructions but they are all reliant on you providing color samples and credit. Does this mean you are actually shipping now? Anyone else have absolutely no clue how to navigate the website where we are supposed to figure out colors and get credits and whatever else? I emailed george and am patiently waiting a response, but was wondering if anyone else is as clueless as I am about the setup. Look forward to an update, thanks George, good luck with the move can be a stressful time but also an opportunity to clear out things you haven't used for years, we are contemplating it at the moment, the task is a bit daunting :-) UPDATE PLEASE ....!!!!! So it's not clear... are we supposed to register on another site? Would be good to have a separate post explaining all this. Also would be good to have an update since it's now April. Having color samples of the dice would be great to see before ordering. I love the way the coins turned out though! Ive registered with the site, not sure what to do after that. I would like to see colored dice for sure before i choose. I'm still not clear on how we're supposed to select colors. I'm glad to see metallic copper is an option, that's what I was hoping for. Do we need to somehow order these on the hydra-games store and put in a code of some sort, or is leaving a comment enough to let you know our color preference? Another week passes and ?? So, March 1 you said "shipping this week". Now it's 2 1/2 weeks later. Well? Are we there yet? @Ash i would hope not, i don't remember giving any post details yet.. Just me again did shipping start last week? Lets Try again - Hey George any update on our Dice please :-) Hey Gerorge any update on our Dive please. Please update! Really really disappointed in the way this project is being handled. Really do need more communication given that these aren't even in production and the project is already 4 (approaching 5) months delayed. Been almost a month since the last update........ Look, just please get us some sort of update that gives a time frame and we're all good. thanks for the update. hope things work out..and in the longrun your time investment pays off. (And we get lots of funky new die to play with) I never got the message from 29th of December. That is weird, but it helps me understand now what is going on. @Michael Bryant Thanks for re-posting this. I know George is doing his best with the dice. I guess when we see a delivery date we have to remind ourselves it is "estimated"; and by "estimated" it means patience as things can & will go wrong affecting the delivery time. We all want dice we can be proud of & show off. Take your time, George, just continue to keep us in the loop. Posting a message from George from one of his Updates, for anyone who is trying to find out what is going on. George Edward Purdy on December 29 "Perhaps I should explain something here. I'm just one guy. My wife is willing to help with this project, but we both have to work jobs and be parents to our child. The money from the Kickstarter funds isn't enough for us to quit our full time jobs and stop being parents to our daughter. I still have to fix computers for people and maintain websites and do housework and when my daughter is sick I have to take her to the hospital and I have to buy groceries and all the other stuff that life entails. I'm sorry if I can't reach the original projected release date. I spent a lot of money on prototypes that didn't work, molding materials that didn't work, casting materials that didn't work, and tools that didn't work, so we've had to start over from square one on everything. I have to work to make money and pay for rent, electricity, internet service, food, etc. and the time I spend working on the dice is time I'm not working my other jobs, so I'm losing money. I'm behind on all my bills because I decided to do this, and believe me when I tell you this is the only way. None of the quotes I got from all the manufacturers were low enough to make these dice possible on the budget of the Kickstarter funds. If your dice aren't on schedule I'm sorry, but I have to actually support my family as well as making dice. I don't have a team of people working on this. I don't even have an office or workshop. This is all being done at home. If I spill chemicals here, they just ruin my carpet. This is a labor of love, not something being done in a factory. Unless you want misshapen lumps of plastic with pits in them because I didn't get all the bubbles out, I have to take the time to get this right." Any news on when we can expect the dice to be delivered? So do we have any time frame that these will ship in? When do we need to make our dice/color selection by on your website? Ideally it would be nice to see the picture on the site change to the color you choose so you could compare. But I am not sure how feasible that is, I have the same question as John deCocq - but I got the three 9-dice sets. Also, is there any way to preview the dice colors before we select them? Thanks! I ordered 3 sets of the Necron dice with the intention of getting them in 3 different colors. The $50 pledge level shows 3 sets but there is only one choice of colors. Is it possible to get three different colors? Thanks, John The new website looks great. thanks for the update! Was wondering how things were going Any new updates? Thanks George keep the updates flowing :-) Any idea when surveys will go out? Thanks George Is October dispatch still on the books? @George Edward Purdy - Any updates, how's your plastic guyt doing? :-) Looking forward to the Eldrich dice... A dice bag would be a cool addition to the rewards of the next Kickstarter. Particularly if you made one big enough to hold future sets of your dice as well :) @George, I never ask if you will be offering a dice bag to match the set. It would be perfect to strike fear into a party by pulling the necron bag with its dices! How is the progress on the next update? Very excited to see the robed spectre of death :D I assume that all payments have cleared already. When are you going to ask for our shipping details? I can't wait to get my hands on the dice! YES!! Thank you! I can't wait to buy your other sets! can you let us know when you plan on doing your other dice design? I would like to physically hold some dice in my hand before I start pitching in to another kickstarter, While I am all about the dice, I look forward to my set of necrons Is it possible to change my pledge and add $ for an extra 20 and percentile set? I missed your comment before this closed. Likewise, I can just paypal or send it to you, if that works. Congrats! Good to see that gaming is alive and well in Texas. @George. Unfortunately, I've been out all day, and didn't get a chance to add the additional money to my pledge, is there any other way to do this? @George, excellent; in which case I'll switch up to The Apocalypse Set - how much to add two more d6? @Caldak, George is eating the shipping on this so it is free to all pledges. You can always pledge a little extra above your reward however to help him offset the costs. What's the shipping cost to Aistralia, didn't see info to add I play Pathfinder from time to time, and we use 4d6 a lot. Would it be possible to add a 4th d6? (I am at the $25 level). Thanks! @George Can't wait to see them! @George, any further thoughts on whether you will be making the d2 out of metal, or at least more like metal? Interested to have multiples if they would have the heft & **** of a metal coin. almost done great job so far everyone! how much would it cost to get an extra 2 d12, and an extra d20? Would love to see you design some Post Apocalyptic dice in the future. You have surpassed the goal of your original kickstarter. Does this mean you will have enough to get the injection molder instead of just the 3D printer? I would buy from you if you turned into a custom shop. Thomas, You can get 10d6 at the $25 level. Is it possible to kick in some extra cash for an extra set of percentile dice and an extra d20? I do Call of Cthulhu, and percentile dice are used extensively. And $15,000 it shall be... Might be a little expensive for you at the moment, but it would be cool to see these dice in the new Gamers movie: <url>’s would be awesome! I’m behind that 100% Thanks George for creating the new package! Pledge up'd to $100. we've reached the funding target of the origional kickstarter HOORAY FOR US! @ Bryan Hickok: I like that idea too. See my post here from earlier today about other "denominations" of dice that are possible. On a related note, going to Google the d5 and d7 now... Please disregard my last post; heat stroke setting in here. :-P Oops; I put two posts together. The Grim Reaper dice would be cool, but I think a Grim Reaper mini would be even more brilliant. Other opinions? Oh, and the backer-only Grim Reaper mini is a FANTASTIC idea. Forget what I said earlier about staying out of minis. :-D @ George: I LOVE the idea of the metallic d2. Definitely keep us posted. :-D Is the next set already decided? If not, is this something you might include as a survey question? I am actually looking forward to several of the upcoming sets with great anticipation. Keep up the excellent work. @George, I also like the mini idea as a reward goal.Make a kickstarter backer only edition.Death/Grim Reaper rolling dice would be fitting for Necron.If it doesnt work out for this project,maybe the next. A miniature that fits the theme of each dice set, limited to that project only, as a reward would be great. @George - Oh PLEASE make minis! My husband and I have been looking for so long for nice generic figures (that aren't based on some weird specific character from some weird specific game). I would love you forever and throw LOTS of money if you Kickstarted into figures! You should make a d4 with a 8 sided dice. They would roll better and don't hurt as much if you step on them. And with regard to the stretch goals, the only things I can think of would be d14s, d16s, and d18s, but I don't know what the demand would be for such beasts. As I mentioned in another post, odd-count dice can be made by taking the die with 2x faces and renumbering it with twinned values. However, if anyone has a link to the detailed geometry of the d5 and d7, I'm very interested... as might be George as well. If you have other things going on as well, George, I think you're probably doing the right thing sticking to dice. Given the popularity of this project, the other dice designs should be able to hold their own as well; I know I plan on getting at least two of them (specified in other comments here) in similar quantities to my pledge here. That will cost me as much as Rappan Athuk did, so I might be tapped out at two more sets, but we'll see what comes from you next. Have you decided which set/s is/are coming next? Miniatures would be cool, but Stonehaven Miniatures (also on KS) is offering some nice-looking dwarves right now, with plans to offer other lines when the dwarf KS wraps up, so you might be best sticking with the dice, given your own rationale for the dice bags, which is entirely sound reasoning imho. For those who want dice towers, they wouldn't be custom, but they'd be a lot cheaper; there are other manufacturers out there who make generic dice towers on the cheap; from what I know of the technology and what George has said here, 3D printers are NOT the best medium for prototyping something that's not solid, and dice towers are mostly empty space. Just my 2 coppers. So... any word on that skull-adorned dice bag, George? The folks at Wooden Promises found a great manufacturer for theirs, judging from the pictures. :-) @ David: $174 to go now! We should get there today easily! Will the future dice sets also include d2s? Also, if you manage to figure out the prices ahead of time, it might be nice to have a "custom pledge amount", where you say what the price is for each type of die and for shipping, and you send a survey to people later asking what dice they want. This may not be feasible due to the different types of dice, as the idea came from a fundraiser for cubic dice, where each die was $1.50 and shipping was $7.50. come on folks 530 more dollars and we reach the funding goal of the original kickstarter I've been wanting to see that since this one started just something to say these dice are good enough to raise that much money! it will also be twelve times the funding goal for this one! who else wants to see this milestone! Does anyone know what the scale of the dice are? And I think I've said it in another comments thread here, but I totally agree with Claudia; I'd love to see the Eldritch Pointy and Ancient Relic designs come next, and it looks like others are in agreement with at least one or the other. :-) Well, that's my little brother's birthday present right there. Can't wait for the Eldritch Pointy set, I have a Changeling player who needs the d10 set to live. :) Stretch goals always exciting..we need some:) Of your other designs..the Ancient relic is the only other set that I am really interested in..so my vote for those next as well. Those I would want a full set of..not just some D6 for wargamming. Oh, and I'll second John Post's request for a dice bag with a skull on it. Awesome! Just make sure it's big enough for at least seven sets, because I'm doubling my pledge... :-) I LOVE the d2. The only thing I would change (as a past student of Latin) is the word order; Latin is conventionally a verb-final language, although the use of noun cases makes it less important, and the only reason I mention it at all is that I think it would balance the lettering better to have "VINCIT" on the bottom edge alone. But this looks awesome... I may need to increase my order. I bag with a skull might be a good stretch goal, but I don't want to carry a dice tower to my game. A dice tower would be cool as some of these dice may be just that much larger than 'regular' dice that they will not fit through other dice towers. That may open up a whole other bag or worms though. Hmm... Two possible ideas for stretch goals. a dice bag with a similar theme, or maybe a dice tower of some sort... I'm happy with the dice, so no worries if there's nothing but the awesomeness of the dice. I'll have to fight the battle of which colors later, because I will be upgrading when I know I can afford it to get multiple sets... Hehehe. @George YESSS!! A d2. obverse/reverse prelim art is shiney. @George YESSS!! A d2. obverse/reverse prelim art is shiney. Ha! 21 days to get less than $3,000 and meet the old "unattainable" goal. That's funny stuff. Metal is rather expensive and there doesn't seem to be that large of a profit margin on these 1. Please, please, please bring the 2d coin in Metal! I would be the envy of all people, well all my geek friends anyway. 2. I was wondering about your marketing plans. Are you going to do packaging? Do you have any mockups ? 3. Coming off that any plans for how to carry the dice? Bag, case? I think its and intentional 2-fer with the Die implying a Y as well as Die. Yeah, you spelled "Mystery" wrong in your email about the new die. Backing you with the Necrodice - looking forward to the futuristic Gestalt, Quadrant Bevel, Cybertech. Good luck! i think it will be quite interesting if we meet your old funding goal with this one it would make me warm and tingly and you can trust you'll see me around for the rest of your kickstarters i love your designs it would be interesting to see some stretch goals though also waiting to see the finished design for wooden promises and hear about this mystery die >.> so much suspense Those will be separate KSs later on These dice are really unique. I love them. As you have reached the goal many times, maybe you would consider to produce a second line of dice. I' d like the eldritch pointy or the ancient relics best. Stretch goals?!? Love the dice. These dice are incredible I don't know if you have heard of us but I work with a gaming convention called Chimearacon in San Antonio. We have a convention every year usually in April if you can make the drive you should come check us out! <url>"Actually, the $40 set contains 14 pieces including the upcoming mystery die..." That's the $25 ten dice set, plus the $12 4d6 set. It is NOT the $25 ten dice set plus the $18 6d6 set @Antoni, I'd liken the $40.00 set to the $18.00 6D6 and the $25 full set. In the $40 set, you get one extra D6 for $3.00 less ($43 vs.$40). Looking forward to the Futuristic Gestalt dice. :) So the $40 set is equivalent to the $25 set plus the $12 set, meaning that if you want it, you should find someone else to register a second kickstarter account, and each order one of the sets. After all, you would be spending $40 for $37 value... Cool. When can we find out more about colors? Will additional colors be possible stretch goals? George, can you create an alternative, right pledge level at $40 that has the right info? Also, if it has only 13 dicen then it is equivalent to the $20 level plus the $18 level, meaning $38 worth of value for $40... I would expect it to be the equivalent of the $25 level plus the $18 level... Any plan for making multiple d20 sets available? Our game only uses d20, that's why I chose three full sets. @George Yeah the d30 is pretty extreme... @George Thanks for the update. I personally will probably go with blood red and optional speckles. the odd dice would be interesting to have indeed though i dont know how hard they are to model and balance... the d30 i would think is very hard to get the raised skulls on and still have it roll forever like say one of the crystal type d20's if you remember them... what do you think George? The DCC RPG uses a huge range of weird dice. Cool stretch rewards would be molds for d3, d5, d7, d14, d16, d24, d30! What colors are going to be available? just seeing if the KS comments section is working 10 dollars off from 400% AND 890 over the origional kickstarter attempt good job so far! I second the option of being able to add the extra 4d6 to another pledge level being available. I definitely want the full set but would like to have the extra d6 to use in a few games. I also agree with David Cheatham's idea of 10 D10s as a standard dice set offering. I'd love to be able to get Necron as 10D10 and wait for Eldritch Pointy to get a new D&D dice set. I like Detley's idea of polling us again to determine the dice production order. Only a few people responded to the last poll request, which seems to be the grounds for the decided order. It helps that now they're posted on a website, since last time some people probably didn't watch the whole video to see all your designs. What issue came up with Cybertech? Very excited to give these to my husband for Christmas! I couldn't wait to show him and he is really excited as well. We will be eagerly awaiting more sets! So my $120 sets will all get an extra die type? Love the update and giving us backers a bonus due to the typo. You might want to consider emailing: <url>"Items approved on this site also appear automatically in EN World's news." Lets get even more backers! I too agree, the D6 bundle makes it easier for me to get the sets Thanks for the 6D6 bundle, made my pledge a no brainer Will you give us an update about which colors are possible? This design screams to be made in ivory... With the new level for D6s, can we just add $12 to our existing pledge to add the 4D6 to our current order? Just pledged for a set but interested in picking up additional d6's and d10's. Also willing to go in for dice bags/boxes. Either way I like the skull effect. A dice bag at one level, a box at the next, and both at the next? Extra dice would be good to, or those might work as an add on? So people could order the exact number of extras of each that they want? Just trying to brain sprinkle... To early for a full brain storm this morning... What will the dice me made out of? I agree that I'd like the option to get more d6's since that is the most likely one I would be using. I'd love to see the ability to "add on" d6's in perhaps sets of 4. They are about $10 a box where I looked. i'd get behind the box... but i bet those are expensive Maybe a cool wooden box for the dice. I sent him a link to the people I am talking to about dice bags. good dice bag would work.. could add the other sets inhe's planning... like maybe a reserved set of x number of follow up sets he runs depending on pledge level.... this is jsut offf the top of my head.. mind you so far i have not predicted a single stretch goal in a kickstarter and i'm always amazed at how much better the actual stretch goals are than my imagination Question is to backers, not the creator. I'm trying to strum up some ideas. My question is how do you do stretch goals on dice? I mean I have more art, a side quest, and a dice bag in the works for my project, but what can you add to something like this? Maybe it could be upped to 3d6 and 2d10 for every set.. Just looked at the pics do the sets you posted... You shall be getting more from me with each set you put on here. Love them all. As for extra dice, I like having a total of 4 d6 with my sets when I can. I'm so glad you are back after the first project didn't get funded. Count on me for the series. Also, add me to the list of people who would like an option for extra d6's (and extra d4's come to that -- basically extra of the old school dnd damage dice). I am a bit dice obsessed so I will definitely back any more kickstarters you have! Ach! I just read about Cybertech, hope you can fix it. George, looking to support this some more, I would definately be up for more D6 and I am sure I can get some of my warmahordes/40k club members to agree with me. At my local area, more d6 are used than any other die, just not a lot of RPG's getting sold or used. i'm guessing here but i'd think 10 d10's and 12 d6's would make fairly standard sets (could probably drop the d6's to 10 as well) i could easily be wrong though @George: Which set do you plan on showing off next? I'm really interested in your 'Eldritch Pointy' set. I play games that need d6s and d10s more than the full set, so anything that gives an option for extra of those would get me to increase my pledge level. These look awesome! I'm always for awesome looking set of dice to show off at D&D. :) glad to see you George i hope your jumping up and down having hit almost twice your goal this quick Love the dice. I found out about this from the Wooden Promises project that is currently running. I can't wait to see what other designs you are going to put out here. If you have a notification list for future dice projects, put me on it. And since it was another KS project that led me here, here is the link to help share the love: <url>#1. Could I suggest a KS backers poll for the 2nd design? (and 3rd, and ...) I like the idea of adding additional reward tiers that include extra dice, especially d20s. (I suspect d6s will have strong support, too.) I so love that I brought the project to $666. :-) These were not my favorite design but I really want to stay in the loop to order others. How will you let us know about new projects? Thanks! Is there any chance of getting a set of D10s as a reward instead of the full polyhedral set? Another interesting pledge reward would be to have a $5-10 reward of a single D20, since a lot of people just like to get extra 20s. Necron wasn't the set I'd hoped would make it, but I think what you're trying for is awesome, and if this one pans out then maybe you will make one of the sweet sets I'd like to get my hands on in the future. I would love for you to make custom dice for my project <url>