We are currently in pre-production, and are raising $30,000 for equipment, crew, and to complete our interviews in New York and Boston, as well as several of our interviews in San Francisco! There is a massive amount of interest in the project, but with our original goal we were not on track to receive our funding. By cutting our goal into smaller stages, it will be easier for us to get into production. Slower, yes, but our main focus is on making sure this is a scientifically accurate, thoughtful documentary about obesity and if that means this project will take longer, then we're willing to wait to make sure it's done right. If we surpass our goal, here are some of the things you can help us accomplish: Raising $40,000 will get us to San Francisco to do more interviews - the Bay Area is where the bulk of our interview subjects are, so we would need to spend a good amount of time there. Raising $50,000 will allow us to complete our interviews in San Francisco Raising $60,000 will get us to Los Angeles Any more than that, and we will be able to go even further into production, visiting more US cities, the LCHF community in Sweden, or even adding more interviews to the film. Every backer counts. Seriously, every one of you has the power to make sure this movie gets made and whether you can pledge a dollar or a grand, you will be helping to move national dialoge about nutrition and health forward to a saner, more scientifically-based space. So please, back our film, and encourage your friends to do the same on Facebook, Twitter, and all over the internet. This movie is happening, and we'd love you to be a part of it. "In Defense of Fat" clarifies the complex relationship between human evolutionary history and the science - and politics - of nutrition and health. The film is firmly rooted in current scientific research on Ancestral Health, a theory which proposes that the human body is not adapted to an agricultural diet, and especially not to the many processed foods in our daily lives. As a result, 'healthy' low fat diets and "essential" carbohydrates may actually increase rates of diabetes and obesity, and dietary fat may not be to blame for our expanding waistlines. Through in-depth interviews, animation, and examination of our cultural attitudes, “In Defense of Fat” will explain the complex issues at play in our national discussion of diet and health. The sensational language and divisive attitude that characterizes discussions about obesity has made it difficult to make informed decisions about our health and pragmatically evaluate concerns about body and weight. Understanding the political, cultural, historical, and evolutionary context that has brought us to our current state is crucial if we want to improve health on a society-wide scale. This film will be an introduction to a new way of thinking about food, health, diet, weight, fitness and, of course, fat. The interviews are confirmed, the production team in place, and we're ready to jump into action. Your financial support will help us with two things: money for equipment, travel, crew and production expenses for our first round of interviews on one hand, and creative autonomy on the other. More contributions through Kickstarter means fewer investors and greater freedom to tell this important story. A contribution of any amount will entitle you to exclusive production updates, including road diaries and special featurettes. For a contribution over $10, you will receive first notice of special screenings, Q&A sessions and invitations to exclusive events. Even greater contributions earn greater access - VIP passes, a Kickstarter Backer-Exclusive DVD/Blu-Ray with extended interviews and behind the scenes footage, each numbered and signed. We are also offering a signed copies of books by Denise Minger, Jimmy Moore, and Mark Sisson and a limited edition print by the talented Sophie Goldstein (illustrator and co-writer of the hit webcomic "Darwin Carmichael is Going to Hell"). The highest levels of contribution will be rewarded with production credits, ranging from Special Thanks to Associate Producer, and we may even cook you dinner! The Ancestral Health theory proposes that returning to a diet similar to that of our pre-agricultural hunter-gatherer ancestors could curb many illnesses linked to the Western diet, including obesity. The advent of agriculture roughly 10,000 years ago shifted the human diet away from a protein and fat-rich diet towards the cheap, easy to cultivate carbohydrates on which the Western world relies as a constant and inexpensive source of calories. In the past 30 years, these foods have become even more highly processed, removing what little nutritional content they possessed, even as our diet has become more reliant on them. The government's dietary recommendations such as the USDA's "food pyramid" and the recent "Myplate" have continued to reinforce these unhealthy nutritional habits. Due to our lack of evolutionary adaptation to a diet incompatible with our biology, this shift has made us fat, sick, and continues to destroy our bodies. (this list will be updated as my subjects get back to me) An associate professor of Psychology at UCLA, he runs a comparative cognition laboratory. He is interested in comparative processes and the evolution of cognition and health. A Swedish medical doctor specialized in family medicine, his book "The Food Revolution" has galvanized the LCHF movement in Scandinavia. He blogs in English at DietDoctor.com Author and blogger (at EverydayPaleo.com), Ms. Fragoso adopted a Paleo lifestyle in 2008, and has written a several books on the subject, including Everyday Paleo and Paleo Pals: Jimmy and the Carrot Rocket Ship A nationally-recognized authority in the field of neuroendocrinology, he is currently investigating the contribution of biochemical, neural, hormonal, and genetic influences in the expression of the current obesity epidemic both in children and adults. An avid Writer and Blogger, she spends much of her time deconstructing research on her blog Raw Food SOS. A medical student at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, he co-founded the Ancestral Health Symposium, the Ancestral Health Society, and Ancestry, the nonprofit organization that operates the Symposium and Society. In his future medical practice, he hopes to build on the nutritional tradition established by his ancestors, including Dr. Francis M. Pottenger, Jr., MD. Health and fitness expert Mark Sisson is a leading voice in the Primal/paleo movement. His acclaimed blog Marksdailyapple.com is read by millions each month, and he is the author of the best-selling book The Primal Blueprint. A former research biochemist and author of the New York Times Best Selling The Paleo Solution - The Original Human Diet. Robb has transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people around the world via his podcast, book, and seminars. His site is RobbWolf.com My name is Kennon Hulett, and I work in New York City as an independent filmmaker and editor. Among all sorts of smaller projects, I've edited three feature length documentaries, directed a number of short films, and co-directed a narrative feature film. I love the documentary form because with proper planning and collaboration it can make films that both entertain and educate with full audience engagement. Having worked with documentary directors for the past decade as an editor, I've been immersed in the workflow and process of documentary filmmaking. I've assembled a world-class team to help create this film: Interviews will be directed by Joe Sandoval of Backyard Fireworks Productions. Animations will be created by Sweet Fern Productions, most recently known for collaborating with Radiolab to make the award winning "Whale Fall" short film. Music will be composed by Mary Kouyoumdjian, Resident composer to the Los Angeles New Music Ensemble. Many more artists and technicians are ready to start work as soon as our project reaches our first funding goal. First of all, I'd like to apologize for the long delay in writing to all of you. I am eternally grateful for the faith you showed in this project and my ability to make this a reality, and I apologize if my lack of contact has caused some of you to wonder if that faith was well placed. I want to assure you that it is, and that due to your help, we have embarked upon an ambitious, challenging project, that I know will exceed expectations. This project was always ambitious, and we knew from the start that the kickstarter would just be the beginning for this movie. With the funding you generously supplied, we were able to conduct eight interviews, and even went to Oxford University to film an academic debate with Gary Taubes and The president of the International Association for the Study of Obesity. Because of you, we got our start, and the footage and information is fascinating and a fantastic beginning for this project. The major issues we have run into have been finding alternative funding to continue the project, and finding a way to convey the complexity of this subject matter without losing the thread and maintaining the integrity of the message. Just about any organization we spoke to about potentially funding the rest of production would have required a say in that message and the thesis of the film, and my goal has been to keep it as agnostic as possible. The more we learned about the subject and the more people I spoke with, the more convinced I became that the simple presentation of the complexity and the lack of hard knowledge about the human body and the interplay of diet and health was the most important message to convey. This message is bigger than any one belief system about nutrition and health, and narrowing down a distinct message within such a large, complex, and controversial subject matter is a frustrating process. I passionately believe in the importance of this message, and believe that many of you, who have had similar journeys with your own health likely agree. It feels like a huge part of the debate that gets glossed over, and giving a voice to this silence has been both my primary goal, and the most difficult aspect of this project to convey. But, worn down by the unending search for more funding and not knowing how to bring the project to a conclusion in its current form, I decided to step away to regain my center and my creative drive. This process has involved a lot of soul searching for me, attempting to narrow down and quantify what this movie should be, and how to present it for maximum impact and clarity. I did not intend to step away for as long as I did, but I honestly feel this has been necessary to move forward and not compromise the integrity of the project, or my own wellbeing. My first priority right now is to make sure that you all, who showed me such overwhelming support so early in this process are taken care of. I do not know how long finishing the movie will take, but also want to send out your backer rewards and give you access to what we have filmed so far. Over the next few months, as we bring this project back into active status, I can promise you two things: you will be hearing from me, and cuts of what we are editing currently will be shared here. Editing wise, we are still working on getting the footage to a viewable form, but the interviews are very good, and we can create something truly great for you guys from what we already have. In the coming weeks, backer surveys will be going out, and content will be posted here for you to see. Over the next few months, you will begin receiving your backer rewards. I'm not sure of the final form this movie will take, but you will receive a version of it, and will continue to be the first group to know about further updates as they happen. Once again thank you for your support and faith, we truly could not have gotten this far without every one of you. in Defense of Fat continues to be the most challenging creative endeavor I've ever taken on, but I am confident that our hard work and your support will result in a truly remarkable end product. As we continue down this path, I can only thank you again. Feel free to contact me and my team either in the comments here, or through <email> if you have any questions. Here's to the road ahead. ~Kennon You guys have really blown me away. The past few days we've raised $10,000 for In Defense of Fat, taking us from 60% to 95% funded. And now, the end is in sight. 5 hours from now, our kickstarter is ending, and we'll either get $30,000+ or nothing. We're only $1300 away from our goal. To put it in perspective, if everyone who has backed us so far were to pitch in just $3 more dollars, we would be there. You guys hold the power to making this project a reality. Keep getting the word out and help push us over the top! No kittens this time, just my thanks for all of your help in getting us funded. We're going to do this today. We're doing some amazing stuff, guys. We're almost to the 24 hour mark from our deadline and are a scant $3500 away from our goal, and that's because of you guys. You have been tweeting, emailling, blogging and posting about the project all over the internet, and we can feel the excitement! Let's keep it going all the way through friday. Together we're going to make this happen, and that's awesome. Thanks to every one of you, and especially to those of you who have increased your pledges as we get closer to the goal, at this point every bit helps! Take a minute today to make sure you're getting the reward you want! Once our kickstarter ends, we won't be taking any orders for the special edition Blu-Rays and DVD's we're making, or the art print Sophie Goldstein has designed, so reserve yours before the kickstarter ends tomorrow . Here are a few of the people getting the word out: Andreas Eenfeldt has updated his Swedish and English -language blog readers on the project. Tack så mycket, Andreas! Och alla dina svenska läsare också! Right now Primal Kitchen is doing a contest on twitter for all of our backers, tweet @primalkitchen why you're supporting the project, and you could win a Primal Kitchen T-Shirt! Otherwise, just keep being awesome. Here's a pair of kittens to brighten your day the way you've brightened mine: We're heading into the last three days of the campaign, and I just wanted to thank each and every one of you for your support so far. You guys are awesome. Here are some quick updates you may be interested in: I was interviewed on Jimmy Moore's Livin' La Vida Low Carb Show this week, it was a great conversation, and a good chance to go more in-depth on some of the issues we'll be tackling in the film. There's a new production blog post about the issue we're having getting backers from the old campaign to pledge to this one, dubbed our "Knowledge Problem". We're still about $11,000 away from our goal. It'll be tough, but I believe we can do it. Help get the word out if you can and keep sending us good vibes! Thanks again, and here is a picture of a kitten to brighten your day: Hello, beautiful Kickstarters! Our campaign is swimming along! I just wanted to give you guys a quick update on everything that's going on right now, and it is a lot! I'll be attending the Ancestral Health Symposium next month, and hope to meet many of you there. I'll be appearing on Jimmy Moore's Livin La Vida Low Carb Podcast next week (posting on the 30th), and will be going in-depth about some of the "hows" and the "whys" of the movie. My hometown Mississippi paper did a front page article about the film a few weeks ago. We've started a production blog to keep everyone up to date on the behind the scenes process of getting the film off the ground. Thanks to your help, we are closing in on our goal. Together we can make a great documentary and help a wider audience get to heart of the science behind Obesity and Ancestral Health. Here is a tweet you can easily retweet to spread support for the film. Thank you so much for continuing to support In Defense of Fat . We're going to make this happen. ~Kennon Thanks, Tom! Those guys are definitely on our radar, once the kickstarter ends, we'll be looking into more interview subjects going forward. Ona, thank you! Woohoo! Thank you so much, Ona! We really appreciate your support. Hi Susan If you look at the bottom of the email you received a few minutes ago, there's a "Unsubscribe from this project's updates with one click" option down at the bottom. Just click that, and you'll be unsubscribed from all of the updates we're sending to the old kickstarter project. That will keep you from receiving the "back the new project" updates, which we're only sending through the old campaign. Thanks so much for your support! Kennon Hi Michael Thank you for your suggestions. We've reached out to several people from the WAPF, and are hoping to get a chance to include their perspective in the film. Thanks, Scott! Hi Yeh, That's an excellent point. We've added a $100 reward where you can choose any one of the signed books plus get your choice of special-edition DVD or Blu-Ray Thanks for the suggestion! We will see if that's feasible to add. Hi Nancy! We may be shooting in the Northwest, if you want, go ahead and send your resume to <email> and we'll take a look once we get closer to production. Thanks for your support! How are we getting our money back?!?!? Has anyone heard anything new about this? Has anyone reported it as a violation to kickstarter? "Through your generous contributions, we are able to move from pre-production to production, but the roughly $28,400 we received after Kickstarter and Amazon took their cuts needs to be carefully controlled - in film production that much money can be spent shockingly fast, and we have to make the most of it." - Nov 12, 2012 "With the funding you generously supplied, we were able to conduct eight interviews, and even went to Oxford University to film an academic debate with Gary Taubes and The president of the International Association for the Study of Obesity." - Nov 9, 2014 I don't even want to see the movie anymore. We all paid to fly her to England for a vacation and to record some interviews. Money out the window. Time to move on. I commented under the previous update (which was well over a year ago now) and got this response from Kennon the day after my comment: " Creator Kennon Hulett on May 8, 2015 @Amanda I definitely understand your frustrations and concerns, but let me assure you, we do still intend to finish the movie and, long before that, get backer surveys and rewards out. It has been a long process, but will be completed, though it will take longer than we originally thought." It has now been over 7 months since that comment and still not a single survey sent out (which was promised "in a few weeks" back in Nov 2014) nor a single backer reward (promised "within a few months" in the last update) sent. If you make promises with time frames included and then fail to not only meet them, but also to provide ANY updates after 13 months, then it becomes quite clear that you do not care about your backers or your project. Any updates? I'm really quite sad and regretful about how much I backed this project for given how I have gotten nothing for it. Well it's been a year since Kennon's last update which was fittingly titled "A long overdue update, and the journey ahead..." Hey, Kennon, next time you go looking for angel funding to kick off a pet project don't come to Kickstarter. The people here are actually expecting a product in a reasonable amount of time, not an under funded, high risk project. There's no potential for us of 100x time return on our investment, it's all downside for us. You could, of course, provide "previews" of the film by releasing the interviews you allegedly did to a YouTube channel. This would give your stakeholders/investors something, but I suggested that last year and you provided no response to that suggestion. **We can't wait for your next update!** <url>"previews" for your upcoming (yet never going to happen) documentary. You wasted those important people's time and basically threw our money in a trash can if the footage just sits on a hard drive in your closet. Here's my e-mail exchange with Jimmy: On Tue, Mar 4, 2014 at 3:11 PM, Daniel Firestone wrote: Hi Jimmy, Kennon Hulett from show 595 that was promoting her Kickstarter for her documentary "In Defense of Fat". The Kickstarter has been dark for a full year now and she has ignored backer questions. She's dropping the ball which is too bad as she had compelling subject matter and did some important interviews. Perhaps you can coax her to at least release the interviews on Youtube if she's not going to follow through on the actual documentary. <url>’s Documentary In Defense Of Fat - She hasn't updated in a year; she took the money and blew it? I haven't heard what is happening with her project. I think the iron is still hot on this one with all the positive coverage for fat that has been happening lately. I'll reach out to her about what is going on and see where she stands in making this a reality. Thanks for writing, Daniel. --------- I never heard anything from Jimmy after that. I contacted Kickstarter but they pretty much just said I need to be understanding, I believe that I am. I would greatly appreciate an update from Kennon. They said they could contact the her for me, not sure how that would help.... I want my money back. :\ Hi all, If your payment was made via Amazon Payments, you can log into your Payments account, look up the transaction (mine posted August 2012) and contact Kennon directly through her gmail. Unfortunately Amazon Buyer Protection only applies to physical goods within 30 days of purchase, so I don't think we can get their support here, but if anyone wants to contact Kennon directly, that's the way to do it. Thank you for the posted comment, Randi Stead. I listened to the audio link and I am very disappointed. Since the last update we have heard from Kennon Hulett was on 02/20/2013, and no posted comments from her since 08/02/2012 (two years), I have sent the following email REPORTING THIS PROJECT TO KICKSTARTER. Hopefully, we will all find out that this exCITing movie is still in the makes and production is just taking some time. I would appreciate a response from Kennon Hulett on the progress of this kickstarter project, "In Defense of Fat: The Documentary". EMAIL SENT TO KICKSTARTER REPORTING THIS PROJECT on 07/18/2014: Have 475 backers of the kickstarter project, "In Defense of Fat: The Documentary" by Creator Kennon Hulett been scammed? LAST POSTED COMMENT FROM KENNON HULETT 08/02/2012: Creator Kennon Hulett on August 2, 2012 Thanks, Tom! Those guys are definitely on our radar, once the kickstarter ends, we'll be looking into more interview subjects going forward. LAST UPDATE 02/20/2013: Update #7 - For backers only Feb 20 2013 Production Moving Forward! Twelve posted comments from backers from August 3, 2012 to July 2, 2014 with no replies from Creator Kennon Hulett. A posted link from another backer of Creator Kennon Hulett on a radio show that is promoting something other than her Kickstarter project, "In Defense of Fat: The Documentary" with 475 backers and $31,142 pledged. Kennon Hulett: Pond5 Integrates 4K Footage Show Date: April 7, 2014 <url>#.U8oJFfldWKg Guest: Kennon Hulett Title: Customer Development Manager Company: Pond5 Description: Larry Jordan sits down with Kennon Hulett, Customer Development Manager of Pond5, and talks about stock footage (including 2 million video files) available from the Pond5 website. Kennon also discusses Pond5’s accomplishment of having two million video clips on the website, new search functions, and integrating 4k footage to the site. Is Creator Kennon Hulett of Kickstarter project, "In Defense of Fat: The Documentary" continuing to film this documentary and still intending to release this film or have all 475 backers of her project been scammed? Thank you for looking into this matter, Kickstarter. Respectfully, Ona Green -------------------- I will update the group of any emails I receive from Kickstarter on Creator Kennon Hulett's project, "In Defense of Fat: The Documentary". Let's all keep our hopes up that this film is still in production! :-) So uh... can I have my money back? Well this is disappointing. I'm pretty disappointed at her. Is there no legal course of action here? Kennon has not responded to my message. She is obviously alive and well, as evidenced by her interview on this website posted April 7 2014 - <url>"In Defense of Fat: The Documentary". And wanting to know how the production is going. Very excited for you! :-) Another backer wondering what's the situation with this project! It's been a while since any updates!! How is this project going, friends?? Thank you!! Any updates on how the production is coming? New interviews? AHS13 just wrapped up, were you out there for it? Is there a new expected date for release? Congrats on hitting the first goal! When your San Francisco trip gets funded maybe you can work in an interview with Robb Wolf up in Chico... I pledged what i could :) If you get the opportunity you should interview Chris Kresser, Stephan Guyenet and Mathieu Lalonde. Lalonde is a Harvard PhD and would be a great addition to the film, Chris Kresser is a health practitioner based in San Francisco i believe, Stephan Guyenet is neurobiologist who investigated body fat regulation Good luck Kennon! Just updated the facebook threads on Latest In Paleo, Low Carb Cruise 2012, Paleo Terrific (diet support group) and Paleo Approved with the following: ‎"IN DEFENSE OF FAT: THE DOCUMENTARY" will only be funded if at least $30,000 is pledged by Friday Aug 3, 4:00pm EDT. 49 Hours to go $25,190 pledged $30,000 GOAL <url>~ This is a great LowCarb/Paleo film with AWESOME speakers. Including Dr Andreas Eenfeldt, Sarah Fragoso, Dr Robert Lustig, Denise Minger, Brent Pottenger, Mark Sisson, Robb Wolf and more. Kennon, I remembered another Facebook group that would like hearing about your documentary. Jimmy Moore had posted it to another of his Facebook groups: Low Carb Cruise. I've updated his post about your interview with a comment and direct link to this page. I'll keep an eye on it and bump the original post to the top of the list every so often with a status of how many hours to go and total pledged. Good luck, Kennon! We're all routing for you! -Ona Hi Kennon, I posted the link to this page on several Facebook group's pages: Latest In Paleo, Paleo Approved, and Paleo Terrific! (diet support group). Hope it helps! :) I continue to receive emails asking for me to become a backer, but I signed up on June 15th and received my confirmation. How do I rectify this? And forgot to mention that the WAPF community is very active and if you can create a buzz around all the WAPF friendly real food blogs you might be able to push this project over the line. I've contributed and hope the film gets made but in the event that it doesn't meet it's goal perhaps it would be a good idea to include some of the WAPF people and their followings. It seems that this documentary is more focused on the paleo/primal/low-carb group and not so much the real food WAPF group. Maybe including some info on the discoveries of Weston A Price on the importance of fat soulble vitamins that are included in things like eggs, butter, and liver. And also the work that WAPF is currently doing to help empower small famers through the farm to consumer defence fund and realmilk.com. Perhaps you can get interviews with Sally M Fallon, Mary Enig, Chris Masterjohn, Sarah Pope, etc. Just some thoughts. Wow, this is a great project and I am happy to pitch in on it. It's about time fat gets some respect and there's no greater respect than backing up the claims with good, old fashioned science and research. :-) I'll definitely be sharing this with my readers. Just as a note, I learned about this from Amy Dungan. She had a post about it on Facebook, which led me to her blog post about it. Good stuff, my friends. I commend you on your efforts with this! Our own company also defends the good kinds of dietary fat, as they are necessary for hormones and healthy skin. Not to mention, the fat in our bodies also play a role in our overall health, so those aiming for no fat are only aiming for health problems just like those who are obese. Good luck, and we look forward to seeing this get released! It would be nice if there was a book+blu-ray option that wasn't $1000 (I'm excited about Denise Minger's book and also want the movie itself). I really think you should add a t-shirt or something to your rewards :) If you were based in Seattle I'd be volunteering to crew! Also: have you thought about interviewing Nora Gedgaudas as well? She'd be a great addition to your lineup.