Until now, environmentally friendly electronics has been an oxymoron. We envision a future with less plastic filling up our landfills, and iZen keyboards are a catlyst for this change. iZen Bamboo is the first eco-friendly bluetooth keyboard on the market. Its low profile, portable design is great for anyone on-the-go, and the simple and natural look will add more Zen to your life. Hand-made out of 92% bamboo, this keyboard is renewable, recyclable, and won’t pile up in landfills. It works wirelessly with iPads, iPhones, Macs, Androids, tablet PCs, smart phones, and many other Bluetooth-enabled devices. And let's face it, it's gorgeous! We self funded the first round of production which just hit the internet and local stores. After only a couple weeks, we are already almost out of inventory and we need your help to fund our next round of production! More details and photos Scroll down to see additional photos. Here are the product specs: - Uses Bluetooth technology - Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery - Charges with a USB 2.0 cable, the same one used to charge an iPhone or iPad. The USB charging cord is included in the box with the keyboard. ($19 value) - One-touch access to iPad/iOS features - Improved key feel - Weighs 1.1 lbs (including box) - Dimensions 11.5" W x 5" L x .75"H What people are saying "Picked up my iZen Bamboo Keyboard last week! Synced it up with my Motorola Xoom and it makes emails that much easier. Who needs a laptop anymore? Love it!" - Mike E, Eagle, CO "I use my iZen keyboard with my TV and it works great. It looks fabulous in my living room and is a great conversation piece." - Josh S, Los Angeles, CA" I love typing on my iZen keyboard. It has enabled me to be so much more productive on my iPad, having a full keyboard to type on and not having half my screen taken up by the touch-screen keyboard is so nice. I also use it at home with my media center computer hooked up to my TV. It's much more attractive having this beautiful keyboard sit on my coffee table than a traditional keyboard. It just looks so great and feels nice to the touch too. Great product!" - Sara M, Avon, CO "The iZen keyboard looks even better in person than it does in the photos. I bought 3 for my office, and everyone was ecstatic to get such a cool surprise gift." - Chad F, Chicago, IL What happens next? With your support and generosity, we hope to get funded and begin production right away to send your rewards by June. In the future, we plan to expand with other products including walnut bluetooth keyboards, extended bamboo desktop keyboards, bamboo mouses and more. Please visit our Facebook page and "Like" us to keep in touch. We will like you too (even if you don't give us the option)! You can also contact us anytime at <email>. Frequently Asked Questions IS THIS A LOAN? No! This is not a loan. Your contribution will be rewarded as described in the "rewards" section, but you will not receive any money or interest in exchange for your pledge. WHAT IF WE DON'T REACH OUR GOAL? If funding fails, all pledges are canceled and your credit card is not charged. Of course, we're not going consider that a possibility :) CAN WE EXCEED OUR GOAL? Yes, we can! If we exceed our goal then we will increase our production to meet the rewards demanded from this campaign. HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS Kickstarter is an innovative new online platform to help fund creative projects. It's an all-or-nothing funding method where we either reach our goal and get all the funds or don't reach our goal and get none of them. In other words, if we don’t raise our goal of $18,000, we lose everything. Once we reach our goal, your credit card will be charged and we'll be in touch to get your address so we can send you your reward. HOW TO PLEDGE Just click the green “Back This Project” button in the upper right-hand corner. You will be asked to input your pledge amount and select a reward. From there, you will go through the Amazon checkout process. You must finish the Amazon checkout process for your pledge to be recorded. CAN YOU DONATE ANONYMOUSLY? Yes. It just requires you create a new Kickstarter identity/login and use that when you pledge. Just be sure to use a secondary email address when registering so the system doesn't get confused. CAN I DONATE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES? Yes. You can donate from any country in the world! If you have any problems just contact us. WANT TO HELP BUT CAN'T DONATE? No problem! Helping us spread the word is a wonderful contribution. Please forward the link to this Kickstarter campaign to everyone you know! Thanks so much! We hope to send you your very own iZen keyboard soon! ~Robin & Ryan Thanks again to everyone for your amazing support! We hope you had a wonderful Easter or Passover weekend. One of our backers made a great comment (Thanks Tom!) about increasing your pledge to receive additional keyboards. If you would like another keyboard for a friend or family member, you can add $85 to your pledge, or add $100 for a keyboard and stand, or $15 for a stand. We are so thankful for all the great press we’ve seen over the last few weeks. Here are a few of our favorite quotes: “it’s a revolutionary concept capable of really changing the course of business history.” <url>“The keyboard is a step forward in electronics make-up.” <url>“Figure this to be a fairly common workplace addition, as people configure their cubicles for better feng shui, what could be better than the alluring beauty of bamboo?” <url>“Don’t you want to help starving children on the moon by switching away from nasty plastic keyboards?” <url>“Its slim design and natural look set it apart from many keyboards, and the bamboo can stand up to vigorous typing” <url>“It’s recyclable and lightweight, but that doesn’t mean it’s not durable. Bamboo fibers are notoriously tough.” We made it to our goal this morning! Thank you sooooo much for contributing your support and helping us spread the word. Words cannot express our sincere appreciate and gratitude. We couldn't have done it without you! Be on the lookout for a request for your mailing address which will be sent via email after the funding period is over in 12 days. With the help of a private loan, we have already begun producing more keyboards and are hoping to be able to send your rewards earlier than June. We are aiming for mid May and will keep you posted! Thanks again for helping us make this happen! Robin and Ryan Hey everyone! Thank you so much for supporting our project. We are really excited about the progress we've made so far. We still have a long way to go, so please help us spread the word! We have some good news to share- based on feedback from our graphic designer friends, we are changing the logo on the keyboard. Check out the new logo and please let us know what you think... Middleca- It is possible to carefully remove the key and shave it down with a razor, however, we don't recommend that. We can replace the keyboard with a new one. Please email us at <email>. Thanks! Emmett, When we first came up with the idea for the iZen Bamboo Bluetooth keyboard we were tailoring it for use on the iPad and other future Apple Devices, since Apple was and still is the industry leader in the tablet/smartphone market. So we figured every Apple device owner could use another white cable to use on all of their devices. You know, to keep it standard for the large Apple iPad/iPhone market share population. But since then, Google and others started coming out with really good tablets and smartphones, and we’ve found many other device type owners love our iZen keyboard too. So we are looking at the micro USB for future versions, since almost all smartphone companies are moving to the standard cable, in the near future. Thanks for your suggestion, and thanks for being a customer! Joseph, glad you are having fun rearranging the keys. Please post a pic on our facebook page so we can see it! Thanks for the positive comments everyone! We have now shipped 90% of the rewards. We still have to ship a few of the higher level rewards, and some people who haven't sent in their address yet. Keep in touch by liking us on facebook (www.facebook.com/izenbamboo). Alex/Ulrich, Sorry we don't have a ship date yet. The factory should be shipping the keyboards to us at the end of this month, and we will get them out as soon as we can. It should definitely be sometime in July. Thanks for your patience! Chris, Thanks for letting us know about this. We will send you an email to further discuss. Denis, The first batch has not shipped out. We are going through our quality control checks and will begin sending rewards next week. However, we have a limited number of keyboards available to ship now, so most will be shipping in mid-June. We expect to get more keyboards in early next week and will start shipping out the following week after our quality control check. We sent the address survey to the $85 reward level today and will send it out to the remaining reward groups when we know the ETA of the stands. Next week's shipment has 100 keyboards, so the rest will ship in June as planned. We are also working on offering a keyboard sleeve made with zero plastic, zero waste and zero electricity! We will let you know when we have more news! Katie, The stand is meant to work for iPads and other tablets. Yes, backers can add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount. You can add $85 for an additional keyboard, $100 for a keyboard and stand, or $15 for a stand. Thanks for the suggestion Tom! I will send this via an update in a few days, just in case some people don't read the comments section. We do not currently have a sleeve for the keyboard, but that is something we are working on and will offer in the future. What a great first day! Thanks so much to everyone who has pledged so far. Please help us keep spreading the word, we still have a long way to go! Stuck spacebar, any tips? Thanks! Just got my new keyboard and I love it... its even easy to rearrange the keys to a non-qwerty keyboard. Love it. Just received my iZen and it looks great! The only thing I am mystified by is the decision to use a proprietary apple dock connector rather than a standard USB port for charging. What motivated that decision? All it seems to do is force your customers to buy additional cables from Apple rather than being able to buy much less expensive generic USB cables. Received and loving my Keyboard and stand. Many thanks for making the product and best of luck with future en devours. Robin - received my second iZen A-OK - beautiful - thanks for all the work on a high quality product Man o Man is this thing gorgeous!! In fact it looks so nice im reluctant to use and prefer to stare at it. Robin you did an excellent job!!!! Happy to say my iZen arrived yesterday, it has a great weight and texture to it. Thanks guys! Woohoo! my iZen arrived. Looks nice, though the keys on the rightmost edge (del, \, return, shift) are a little too close and stick; since it's bamboo against bamboo I suspect it'll smooth itself out pretty quickly, or I can take a little sandpaper to them. Smells nice too, which I've never said about a piece of electronics before :-) Hi Robin, any news on the shipment dates, I can't wait to start using my new keyboard. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - many thanks for getting the first iZen to me to go with my nephew's new iPad graduation gift - beautifully made & packaged - the stand is superb. Looking forward to the second shipping out when you're ready. Best of luck. I have received my keyboard reward. It is really beautiful! I am glad things are going well and appreciate the fast delivery. I have one issue, the top of the keyboard panel is slightly separated from the bottom in the back across most of its length. I can see some small metal alignment pins in the crack. I was thinking about glueing it with a needle super glue dispenser. What do you think? Then keyboard works and connected easily to my iPad. Thanks, Chris Hello Robin, so how are things coming along? Thanks for the feedback Robin, much appreciated. I can't wait to see what they look like up close and how the bamboo feels. "this keyboard is renewable, recyclable, and won’t pile up in landfills." I know it's mostly bamboo, but what about the electronics part of it? Is that somehow also renewable or recyclable? Update! :) Did the first batch ship out? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - thanks for kudos on my suggestion - added to my pledge for my nephew as part of his High School graduation present of the new iPad in early June - iZen keyboard will be unique addition to that gift. Great news! Thanks Robin. Does the stand work for an iPad or a Laptop? Looking forward to receiving them in the UK. Great job all the backers Congrats on reaching your funding goal. Have you considered allowing Backers to add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount ? I'd consider at least one more for my nephew. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Saw this on macgasm and it looks sick!