Our Kickstarter Project has finished, but the story continues! We can't wait to see what everyone learns on the jamstik+ and creates with it! We are so excited to be able to donate over 175 original jamstiks to education, and know that plenty of awesome stories are going to come out of this project as well. To learn more and order a jamstik+, head over to jamstik.com The jamstik+ connects via Bluetooth LE to your iPad, iPhone, Mac so you can play guitar with any of the 100's of compatible MIDI apps available. Our jamTutor App will have you playing chords in minutes. After that, you'll be playing guitar for years. It's built to the specifications of a real guitar; so learning and creating are transferrable skills. Portable by design, you can practice lessons or record songs anywhere you go with the jamstik+. The jamstik+ senses where your fingers are before you even pluck a string. It makes learning incredibly intuitive. It's always in tune, plays for 8+ hours on a rechargeable battery, and is a breeze to pair wirelessly with your device via Bluetooth LE. Learn chords with interactive lessons and realtime feedback display. Final colored models will include matching jamstik+ faceplate. You’ve been watching and listening to people play guitar your whole life, and while you’ve been watching them, you’ve been seeing you. We want to make the dream of creating music a reality for everyone. Everyone. Not just the pros, or the YouTube sensations, but YOU too. Watch first-time jamstik players, just like you, having a blast: Arcade Challenges and Video Lessons in jamTutor Download and launch the included jamTutor app series on iOS or MAC to be walked through a 15 part series of interactive lessons. Here, we take a first-time guitar player through the various modes of our free instructional app series. PLAY One-Touch Chords and Live Looping in jamMix Or launch jamMix to just start playing. Everything sounds good in jamMix! Our free companion apps are just the beginning, as you'll find out next. The jamstik+ is more than a guitar. It's also a MIDI controller, which means it can sound like almost any instrument you can think of. You mean like drums, samples or synths? Yes, even a banjo. You can create and mix entire songs with the jamstik+. It works with our companion apps or your favorite music apps like GarageBand, Loopy, SampleTank, Ableton Live, and 100's more. Watch how you can build an entire song in GarageBand with the jamstik+: Your creativity isn't limited to a mobile device; watch how the jamstik+ acts as a powerful production tool in Logic Pro X on Mac. PLAY The jamstik+ app expands upon the experience with customizable pick settings, a live display digital capo, alternate tunings, a programmable D-Pad interface and more! Here are a few pre-release interface examples. The original jamstik was well received in 2014, but we knew there were improvements we wanted to get into more users hands. We started by adding a hexaphonic magnetic pickup to give the jamstik+ a more realistic guitar feel with a higher resolution signal. Thanks to advancements with Bluetooth technology, we equipped the jamstik+ with wireless Bluetooth LE connectivity that works seamlessly with the latest BLE MIDI Protocol supported by Apple. The jamstik+ has real guitar strings and real frets just like the original, to best match the experience of putting your fingers on a guitar. And yes, the jamstik+ handles string bend and vibrato with improved dynamics. jamstk+ features We're reconnecting with you, our tribe of supporters, early adopters and music lovers because although we've accomplished a lot with the original jamstik over the past year, we're far from finished. Our mission is a big one and we have more work to do! We need not only your financial support, but also to help us get the word out about the jamstik+. We’re coming to you because you are our tribe, our roots. You’re the reason big ideas and big dreams like the original jamstik come true. Forward thinkers like you want to be a part of things that really matter. You like to see how you can personally impact this world for the better. And, when you’re one of the very first to recognize the future of something like the jamstik+, that’s just icing on the cake. Your support will not only get you one of the very first jamstik+s you’ll also be helping to put a jamstik into the hands of hundreds of kids. Our pledge: For every 15 jamstiks backed, we will donate one to music education. We partner with various music education programs, music therapy programs, and charities to bring the magic of making music to the kids they serve. You've already imagined how magical and empowering the feeling of making music must be. Together we can help hundreds of kids have that same experience. Let’s do this! Some of the wonderful organizations to whom we're thrilled to give the gift of music. How to Back this Project: Ready to be a part of our Kickstarter story? Thank you for your support! We want to make the whole process as simple as possible for you, from making a pledge to getting your reward. 1. Choose a Reward Each backer can choose ONE (1) reward level. You can manage your pledge and change your reward level at any time before May 6th when the campaign ends. 2. Stay in Touch Once you have made your pledge, message us with any questions or comments you have! You'll get an email with weekly project updates and you'll be in the know about production status, inside news, and more. 3. Relax After the project ends (May 6) we will send you an official backer survey to collect your shipping information. We'll also ask for your color selections and left vs right handed preference. Until then, help us spread the word about our campaign when you can, and know that you've got an awesome piece of music technology coming your way. 4. When your jamstik+ arrives, we hope you... We're a small but dedicated team of music enthusiasts, engineers, artists, and tech-lovers banded together around the jamstik vision. We enjoy contributing to various parts of the project and seeing them come to life as we come together. The successful funding of the jamstik+ means we get to take production full scale, kickstart the musical programs in a number of schools with our donation program, and plan for a future where our products and supporting software continue to get better. It also means we can follow through on a lot of the dreams we've had since inception. We can work further with 3rd party app and hardware integrations, bring more lessons to the jamTutor curriculum, provide more in-depth demos of achieving certain sounds or work-flows, and more. As supporters, you'll drive much of our future development, and we hope you participate in the conversation. The future looks like so much fun! Press Kit Hey Everyone, We have some great news for you learners today. JamTutor 2 has been released, and the jamstik+ update for FourChords is live on the store as well! JamTutor 2 includes 6 new lessons and over 25 new arcade challenges to keep you busy for some time! It's available on the App Store , and available for Download on Mac ! FourChords now supports integration with the jamstik+ with an update released just yesterday, and the cool news is that everyone will get 30 days of VIP access to all 1000+ songs in the library! You can download the app for iOS here , but look for an email from us TODAY containing your unlock code to open up jamstik+ mode! Once you receive your code, head to www.jamstik.com/pages/4chords for instructions on how to use your code. Projects We Love: We have to tell you about another awesome crowdfunding project... The Soundbrenner Pulse: The world’s first wearable device for musicians. It literally allows you to FEEL the beat when playing your jamstik+! This is the smart-metronome to our smart-guitar, but so much more. It connects to your smartphone and adds tons of extra functionality including multi-player synchronization and MIDI support! They’ve just completed their crowdfunding campaign but have generously offered to make available a special 48 Hour Only Sale for our backers. So check them out today and get your own Soundbrenner Pulse on sale for $79 for the next 48 hours only! Thanks everyone, and also we do appreciate everyone that completed the backer survey we sent out last time. We'll be compiling the responses and providing the stats in a future update. Talk to you soon! -Matt &amp; the Jamstik+ Team Hey Everyone, JamTutor is Ready to Play! We are happy to announce that the JamTutor update has been approved on the App store! We apologize for any confusion for those who have previously tried to connect, but this update adds official support for the jamstik+. Here is a video showing you how to connect your jamstik+ to jamTutor. Alternatively, if you're connected through the jamstik+ app, jamTutor will recognize your device. Now, let's get learning! New Firmware is live! The next time you open up the jamstik+ app, you'll notice that a firmware update is available. As previously mentioned, this update provides a lot of great performance tweaks, adds beta hammer-on / pull-offs (accessible via the settings menu) a few custom tunings, and more. For a full update list, check out this article . Remember that updating can take up to 15 minutes, but it's definitely worth doing! Please watch the video below which explains best practices for updating your firmware. <url>"any color choice" tier, you will let us know which color you'd like when we send out our official backer survey which will most likely be next week. If you'd like to make a change, you can do so until the project ends tomorrow night at 11:59PM CST. Progress: We continue to make great progress on your products! Final testing is being done on the pilot run with encouraging results, cases are being made, and app development is moving forward at a great pace. Bonus Feature: Connect Multiple jamstik+'s to the same device! We also have a little known secret to reveal.. with the jamstik+ app, you can connect more than 1 jamstik+ to the same iPad or iPhone and play different sounds at the same time! This is going to make for some fun group jams, and we'll come up with a video for you soon. For now you can see how fast it is to connect :) How many jamstik+'s can connect at one time? We're still testing, but we'll just say AT LEAST 3. *note pre-release interface shown. If anyone has any questions over the final hours, let us know! It's hard to believe we're finally here with all of you supporting us.. it's truly a vision come true for the team here. The whole experience has motivated us even more to deliver the best experience we can.. and that's what we plan to do! Thank You !!! -Matt &amp; The jamstik+ Team Projects We Love: We have to tell you about an awesome crowdfunding project run by our friends at Soundbrenner. They've developed The Soundbrenner Pulse: The world’s first wearable device for musicians. It literally allows you to FEEL the beat when playing your jamstik+! This is the smart-metronome to our smart-guitar, but so much more. It connects to your smartphone and adds tons of extra functionality including multi-player synchronization and MIDI support! Check them out today as they have a special One Day Only Sale going on. Wow this came up fast.. we are thrilled to announce that we’ve reached the 150 donations mark, and we’re ALMOST keeping up with donations! We’ve already shipped over 100 original jamstik's to Music Education and Music Therapy, and some awesome things are happening in music programs and schools across the nation. Everyone.. thank you so much for being with us to make these donations happen! 150 donations also means you’ve unlocked the 4th stretch goal! As for your stretch goal, this one’s a variety pack. MAC APPS - As you know, the jamstik+ works with the Mac with GarageBand and other DAW's, but originally, our Apps were built only for mobile devices. Reaching this point means, we'll plan to have the official jamstik+ app, AND the jamTutor series ported to Mac this summer. THIRD PARTY INTEGRATIONS - As we’ve hit the 150 mark, we’ve begun serious talks with other app developers for some really cool integrations on both the educational and production sides. We’ll be working to release developer tools so even more of this type of stuff can happen! We may not be able to announce the full details on everything just yet, but know that we are fully committed to provide a robust and compelling suite of options for you, our supporters! This will be a big deal so stay tuned. LEFTY MODE - In case you missed the announcement, we are officially supporting lefties! Delivery for lefty models will have to be in August due to extra testing and modifications, like restringing them for you in the office, but we will have full app support ready when you get them! We’ll have you tell us in the final backers survey if you’d prefer a lefty model. See the FAQ for full details! EXTRA BONUS AWESOMENESS We were going to save this for a final stretch goal, but we just couldn’t wait to show you. We love you all so much that we put together a little test to see how extreme we could take the, “Play Guitar Anywhere” concept. Actually it all happened pretty organically, and we are excited about how the project turned out! Again, thank you so much for your continued support, the sharing and the feedback and input. We'll be back with you soon! Stay tuned as we are just getting started. For now: Enjoy your weekends! We’ll leave you with this. - Matt &amp; the Jamstik Team <url>" Approaching Nirvana " - " Stars " Hey Everyone! To celebrate the Kickstarter success and help get the word out for our final week, we've decided to give away 3 jamstik+ beta units through a sharing contest . As things are looking good on the production and hardware side, we'll be shipping them the day after the project ends! Click the link above for the public contest, and read on to enter the backers only giveaway. Since you're our backers, we're reserving the first beta shipped out for one of you. All you have to do is share our project via twitter or facebook, then make a comment below letting us know where you shared it. We'll randomly pick 2 winners from the public contest and 1 from the comments below when our project ends on May 6th at 11:59PM. Thank you for your help in getting the word out and good luck! -Matt and the jamstik Team Jamstik+ in Logic Pro X on Mac The jamstik+ is also a powerful production tool! Watch above as Chris lays down a track in Logic Pro X on Mac. Below, he demonstrates use in another one of our favorite programs, Ableton Live which is available for Mac and PC. Jamstik+ in Ableton Live on Mac Apps We Got To Have Many of you have been curious about the different apps that work well with the jamstik+, so we've responded by launching a new blog series on our website: " Apps We Got To Have " which will showcase different compatible apps, and why we love them. Check it out, we've got 3 great videos to start off the showcase series, and you can expect more soon. It's hard to believe, but we are 30 days into our campaign. Thanks to everyone for making this such an awesome experience, we hope you're as excited as ever! There's just 12 days left but we still have plenty of new content coming your way. Talk to you soon, -Matt, Chris, &amp; The jamstik Team Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Projects We Love Sometimes there's another Kickstarter project we just have to share with you all.. and our friends over at Ignite Lighters are changing the way you light candles forever. Great for setting the mood before a nice long jamstik+ jam session :) Check it out below! This revolutionary new lighter has no flame and requires no fuel. Instead, it's powered by a rechargeable battery and produces a super high-intensity electric arc that can instantly light candles, incense, gas stoves, and a whole lot more! JamTutor Walkthrough: Here, we take a first-time guitar player, Malin, through the various parts of our free instructional app series: jamTutor. Wow, she surprised us at how quickly she picked it up! Thanks so much for your participation, Malin! Our First Accelerometer Demo: You guys helped us blow past our 3rd stretch goal last week to incorporate an accelerometer into the jamstik+. We've been hard at work on a prototype and are having a lot of fun with it. We're happy to announce that every unit will be shipped with this functionality built right in! Check out the demo using a prototype model with Ableton Live. *Note the accelerometer will be built inside the jamstik+, not externally like in the demo. Projects We Love: MAGZET: The Audio Jack Reinvented with the Power of Magnets We'd like to give a shout out to another company who launched a Kickstarter campaign for something incredibly cool that you should definitely check out. It's called MAGZET , an audio jack that connects to your devices via magnets. Think Apple MagSafe but for audio jacks which helps save your devices, headphones, and audio cables from damage! If you plan to use headphones or portable speakers with your jamstik+ (and we think you should) we definitely recommend you check it out! Thanks for following along and helping the campaign continue to grow! We've still got plenty of new content coming to you in the final two weeks! As always, we appreciate any sharing of our campaign that you can do. Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Talk to you soon, -Matt, Chris, &amp; The jamstik Team One of the biggest reasons we made the jamstik is to help to make a new generation of guitar players. With your support, we're already committed to over 100 donations, and it's amazing to see what just ONE can do in a classroom. We've been working with an talented and dedicated group of music educators, and the benefits of the jamstik are really catching on. Here's an inside look into the classroom of one of our first pilot programs run by Troy Strand - Music Composition and Music Teacher at MacPhail Center for Music and Paideia Academy. We met up with Troy earlier this week to watch how he uses the jamstik with his 6th grade guitar class, and to drop off one of our first rounds of donated jamstiks. What an awesome experience.. we’re excited to see how the the kids in his classes are learning and growing musically with the jamstik. Another exciting initiative with the jamstik is its use in Music Therapy. This past fall, we were fortunate enough to be contacted by Destiny Henn, an undergraduate student in Music Therapy at Augsburg College who had heard about the jamstik through her advisor, Peter Meyer MT-BC. After they expressed interest in obtaining a few jamstiks to do research on its practicality and functionality of design in a clinical setting, we were happy to lend them a few. Since then, Destiny has completed preliminary research and together with Peter, they hope to begin plans for clinical research soon. They've also introduced the instrument to many music therapists with impressive ideas for the future of the jamstik and how it can advance the field. This past weekend, they spoke at the Great Lakes Region of the American Music Therapy Association's 2015 Conference in Minneapolis, MN. We are thrilled to have such forward thinking and caring professionals on our side! In closing for today, we'd like to thank everyone involved with our efforts so far. It's incredible to work on such a fun product, but to have the chance to make a difference in education and therapy is above and beyond what we could ask for and has become one of our biggest missions. Music is empowering, it can heal, and its something you can take with you for a lifetime. The connections that have happened so far have been spontaneous and built through proactive networking, so if you appreciate the stories above, please share our mission with the buttons below. Our Best, Matt &amp; The jamstik Team Music Education Video Link: Music Therapy Video Link: <url>"Kids" using an acoustic guitar, an iPad, and the jamstik. These guys are having fun, and are a blast to watch. Additionally, we'd love if you could tell us more about you and what you'd like to see from us here at Zivix. Your participation in the survey below will help us understand what got you excited about the jamstik+ in the first place, allowing us to better create content that fits your needs. <url>"lefties" so we may have some additional goodies in the future. Happy Holidays to you and everyone as well! All of us at the Jamstik Team Hi Matt - We apologize that we haven't been active here on the Kickstarter page, but want you to know we have heard you. The lefty strap plugs were meant to be inserted into different holes than the standard plugs, and we have a short video demonstrating this here: <url>"return to sender" initiated, and we have never actually seen any come back. To be sure, we will get you a jamstik but please contact them as there will be customs as you know. Peter, thank you again, for your kind remarks. We had contacted Djarn and explained where we are at with Android M as it is exciting news that they want to join the MIDI revolution, but as you point out, we were as transparent as we could be and we will continue to be! Thanks so much! Richard, Actually we are shipping a replacement for you today, as we promised. DHL information has been sparse, although we have seen 8 delivered last week and 7 this week, from the June shipments as DHL had told us they "found" many in China and were transporting. Tracking does not yield any meaningful informaton as you know, so Australian June customers, please message us when you receive, or if you want a replacement sent. We are shipping about 20 today so our list is small. Again, Richard, when you do receive the other one, which we believe you will at some point, please donate it to a worthy cause, friend or relative and accept our sincere apologies for this debacle for you few who were early supporters and have not received! Thanks! Your Jamstik Support Team Good news on the Australian Customer shipments for some who have been waiting since June. Over the past 3 days, 7 units from this "lost shipment" have been delivered! DHL finally advised us that they had an "IT issue" but then they said they recently found many in China, and these units are the ones being delivered. We do not have any more details than that, and are still preparing to ship replacement units later this week to those who have asked or want to receive them as two months is long enough to wait. We do believe your units will show up at some point, but in the spirit of our campaign, we would recommend that you donate them to a school, music therapy, music teaching, childrens hospital or someone deserving when they arrive. We were hoping to ship them early this week, but the replacement units were just completed and are on their way to our East Coast fulfilment partner. We will continue to monitor, but wanted to share that good news that we have found as we check tracking information. Thank you. Djarn, We are sorry if we mislead you and obviously can provide you a full refund, and are messaging you, but it does work with Windows MIDI via USB and many musicians use it with Pro-tools and other apps, and it does work via USB with many android, although our apps are not supportive, yet. The original jamstik and the jamstik+ actually do work well with USB into the Samsung 6 and some other devices, with very little latency, but their are numerous Android devices as you know and many do have high latency. The key featue of the Jamstik+, in addition to the Fishman pickup, is support of Bluetooth LE 4.0. You may be aware that the new Android M is offering MIDI support and if you take a look at the following article you will see how exciting this development is. many of our team members here use Android and PC and we are actually working to add support right now as we are as excited as others. <url>"lost" several that they now have found in China from June Shipments to Austraila. One of your country mates in Camberwell, Victoria received his last night and it had been in the same shipment group as yours. If you do not hear good news this week, our replacement units for you and others will be ready to air ship early next week. One way or another, you and other Australian backers who have been waiting due to carrier problems, will receive a jamstik in the next few weeks. You all have our deepest apologies, along with a few others in Faroe Islands and other locations. Best Regards - The Jamstik Support Team Clinton, We just messaged you. DHL came back late last week, first saying they had an IT issue and had lost some of the shipments, especially for AU, and then later, that they had "found" a number of them in China and were arranging transport. We have not been able to get any update this week and are building up replacements for you and all others that shipped in June that we do not believe have been delivered. We will keep you posted and again, our deepest apologies to all, as you were early backers and that is why we shipped yours first in June! We promise we will get you your jamstiks. Adrian, thanks for the note and we sent you a message as well. It is great to you are in Australia and have received one from June shipment and now one from August, via two different carriers. Great to have your support and that of all of our backers! Thanks1 Thanks Lynn, Glad you received the one. We just messaged you the response on your unit. Looks like you will have by Friday. Have a great week! Kayla, a new battery was shipped special air via USPS earlier this week. We just messaged you your tracking number. Our apologies to both you and Pascal. Pascal we just sent you a message as we have the addressing confusion corrected. The fulfillment company is not set up to handle umlaut's and thus they have just switched to letters for your address/shipment. Please send all requests to our email address of <email>! Thanks! Gary, your replacement battery was shipped earlier this week and should arrive shortly. We messaged you the tracking number. Cameron, you are correct, you won't notice changes on the body itself, but we did a lot of software work and actually had to change the main board to accomodate the mag pickup sensing and other intricacies. We have left handed players in our office and tested as well as we could, but with Left Handed users about 3% of our total, 81 out of 3000, so a new mold, which costs several thousand dollars, would have doubled the price, We wanted to offer the "Lefty" at the same price as others, so yes, we had to take a short cut. We do have some plastic inserts that we can ship that help with the strap, as we have been playing around with a solution internally. For you or any other left handed user who is not happy, we will certainly provide a full refund if you want to send it back to us. We will have a team member contact you Cameron and thanks! Thanks Samuel! Siaw Woon Chong and Kayla, we sent you messages, but everything is already on its way. Yours were some of the units held up due to the explanations below. Also, we have good news for many of the Australians that were shipped in June. DHL has told us yesterday that they had lost track, and now they have located in China and are readying for transport to Australia! Great news for all! We will keep you posted through messaging. Enjoy your day! The Jamstik Support Team. Peter and Deok, Thank you for this information, as this was new information on your shipment Peter and we had just been notified by DHL on Deok's unit. Our apologies for the confusion on your shipments. Deok, we have shipped you a replacement battery, with approved labeling, etc., and Peter, we are shipping you one today, and sent you a private note as well. We are working with DHL on the remaining items. They finally informed us today that due to an IT issue and compounded by the perfomance of one of their contracted carriers, the many units from our June shipments to a number of Australian customers is missing. They have this issue expedited up to the highest levels. Again, we will be messaging each individual as we resolve. Thanks! The jamstik Team. K-jc81, hayoon, new replacement batteries have been air shipped via USPS to you, along with a private message as you had two units where DHL customs official removed the cell phone battery from your package prior to letting it continue as we have noted to some others. Apologies for that. Zubair. The concert is officially over as yours did leave Germany on August 13th, minus the battery as well. Your battery will arrive soon as you know! Thanks for your patience as we work through these final delivery "opportunities". Thanks. Jessie and Samuel. we sent you messages, but your jamstiks are on the way, finally as you can see from the recent tracking, so you should have later this week. Tuan and Grant, you are correct in that we have not received any additional information on your units and we declared 3 days ago in our comment below, that we would ship you a replacement if you are one who's unit had shipped in June and you have not received. Our problem in transparency, is that we are not "officially" the shipper, as it is our fulfillment partner Fulfillrite that has that title. We have been working with them and just sent them again this evening, what we believe is a complete list of units that we still have not heard back on, and yes, both of your units are on that list. We will be shipping you new replacements this week, as that is the right thing to do, as we have worked very hard to have a great reputation for our service and are going to keep that up as you deserve it. Thanks all. Markus, We just sent you a message as our Jamstik is fully CE approved, but we have had some inspectors who do not approve of either how we packaged the cell phone battery that we include or our labeling is incorrect, on a few of our shipments, so any inforrmation you can share will be helpful. We use the equivalent to a Samsung Galaxy II lithium battery as we have for two full years and we have REACH certification as well. Our apologies but we will work with you to get you your jamstik+. Thanks1 Craig, That is great to hear! Your unit finally left DHL in Frankfurt on July 30, and actually does show it arriving in Australia on August 14, so there is hope for others! It does not show it delivered, yet, in the tracking, but man, Thank YOU! Yes, with the long shipments and heat, plsu the fact the boxes were freshly printed, we have seen some "blue marks" from the box on the whites, but it does come off easily with rubbing alcohol, or White Magic Eraser in your case. We heat tested everything but the boxes. Thanks for sharing. Enjoy your day and your jamstik+! You made our evening! Actually Vincent, a lot of people have their jamstiks and you will soon in China! Sending you a message. We have good news for you! We've answered most of you with messages, but Clayton, we wanted to let you know that we were able to catch the Lefty that is set to ship to you next Tuesday at the latest, as all of the Lefties will go by then, including Keith and Djarn. It is now switched to Right. Ryan, Colin, Greg, Andrew, others in AU, whose units were shipped in June. We know you are tired of the excuses and we are really bummed as you were some of our earliest backers. Your units and those of some of your countrymen have somehow been hijacked into the outback or something? Time for action on our part, if you do not receive by next Monday, we will be sending new ones via USPS if requested by you. We can figure out how to handle the others if/when they arrive, but thinking it may make a good gift for you to present to a local school or other worthy recipient. I know my brother would take one, if I had an extra:) You more than deserve this. The only consolation is that you will at least receive yours prior to there going on sale at retail locations late this Fall and you paid less. Samuel, your blue one did beat the black, but at least the Black is almost there! Thanks all! Check out the new update that was just sent out and please fill in your surveys for us as you are the best group of supporters and early adopters anyone could imagine! We want to make your experience The Best! Appreciate all of your support! Richard, Thank you for that, and you and our other customers in Australia have every right to be upset! You were among our first backers, and we have let you down! You were one of the first 200, and the shipments we made in mid to late June have not been getting delivered in your country and we have over 20 of you waiting. We used a fulfillment company as our manufacturer is set up for high quality manufacturing, not shipping, and with 65 countries and customs paperwork the obvious selection was made to use a large fulfillment company, located on East Coast of US. They recommended the shipper and we went with them, not realizing they would be on strike from Mid-June to early July in Germany and that all of our international shipments would go thru that hub. The result has been especially disrupting for Australian customers and some others in your region. The good news is that a few units have been delivered in the past week and nealy all of the Hong Kong, Japan and Korea, other units are moving quickly now. We are checking daily on yours and others. We have requested again, a full explanation from DHL and promise we will get you a jamstik as you purchased and we owe you big time. This is our number one issue at this time, and we want to address it and not keep giving estimates. Dan, as you know, your unit is in UK and you should receive this week. Wish we could say that for others. Also all shipments since end of July have been via USPS for anyone with new shipments as you know. Thanks. Messages to all of you on shipping methods, tracking numbers,etc., as all of the Backer units except lefties have been shipped! Parisri, we are on it! Have gotten most of them released, but help us with the message and request we sent. Finally, thanks for all of the comments below. Pretty cool to receive three messages, one from Hong Kong, one Ireland and one from South Korea about how you like your jamstiks! Nothing like having an International community having some fun and sharing information. We will be sending out a survey to all of you later this week as we really want to know how we can make your experience better. Remember, the weather gets cold and snowy in Minnesota in the Winter, so we need some cool projects to work on and bet you can help us figure out the ones most important for so many of you! Thanks again for your patience and comments! We are happy to be meeting our deadlines and that you are all finally getting shipments now that the DHL Labor strike is settled. Messages addressing questions sent to all recent, and appreciate the kind words John, and we share your comment. Good news is DHL is really starting to catch up and for recent shipment appear to be moving more quickly. Unfortunately, Australia and some other locations seem to take longer than others for a lot of carriers. Exploring all options for future! Glad to see so many of you receiving units, although we are still working with you on yours Tuan, but should have meaningful news soon this week. Again, go to jamstik.zendesk.com for all of your support Q&A and helpful "how to video's" along with any other action items for us. Thanks! We have responded to all you with messages, as you know, and for Kei and Zubar and any others who receive a letter from DHL regarding Lithium batteries (we use a standard rechargeable cell phone battery) please send us a private message with their reference number so that we can also assist you in geting your package delivered to you. Fortunately it is rare, but on top of the strike, it has been inconvenient for a few of you and we will try to make it up to you. Thanks! Thank you for the recent comments. Adrian, great to hear and we have to admit the DHL strike was tough for our customers and us. Many like you in Australia are finally getting packages that were shipped back in June. Guan, we sent you a couple of tips that should help and Max, yes, it will make it to you in time for the important occasion your purchased it for, we believe. Thanks! Great to hear Inti. Chan Ho, we are tracking and sent you a note. We will make sure they get it to you in Hong Kong. Thank you both. Thanks all for your comments and confirming your receipt of your reward! We sent message to those asking for tracking number, etc., but did want to respond to Matt that Lefties will be shipping from our Fulfillment partner the first 7 to 10 days of August if not before. We are very close, but are doing internal testing and also with other Lefties in our area, to make sure the characteristics match those of the righty in terms of features and playabiity. Enjoy your weekends and happy to see so many in Hong Kong receiving and having some fun! Thank you all for the comments below as we have answered all along the way here. Many Jamstiks actually were delivered today, and others quite soon as the new information we sent to many reflects. Please continue to ask us, private or here and let us know of any concerns that we may address,. We really value your support and want to continue to earn it. We labored long and hard to make this a very good product and believe we are just getting started in adding more capability for you. aWe encourage your feedback at jamstik.zendesk.comf on what new features you want, especially in the software interfaces. We are busy with the last Blue Jamstik only, a few Whites and then the lefties, and hitting our deadlines in spite of some delays. Appreciate your patience. Enjoy your weeks. Marcelo, We will contact DHL as there are new requirements for Lithium batteries effective 1/1/2015, and will make sure we are fully compliant with their policies, so we can better assure you and others, as someone might be interpreting incorrectly. We still need to have you send the letter so we can find out the origination point. Thank you for your prompt notification. We will be back with a message to you later. Marcelo, The Lithium battery is not energized, thus it is okay for transport. We put it in a separate plastic bag with the Battery cover and ship it enclosed in that as required by law. Please forward the letter they sent to you, to <email>, so we can contact them. Thank you. Bernard, looks like it is getting closer, sent you a note. Justin, yours slipped out early, before we had the shortage on the Blue bodies, and we had completed units with cases, but glad you received! Replacements for the scratched are in and units being built, so end of July shipment should be made for all Blue and White, with and without case, right hand. Thanks all! Just sent you messages Kwok and Rahul. Oxff, glad you found and good info for others looking as well. Thanks. Tim- Resent. Thanks! Nafers, we meant rather than Dan. Apologies. Laurent. Thank you for those comments! We are pleased you are happy. Yes, you do need to watch a couple videos but looks like you are navigating well! The trick with Sample Tank is to go to the right hand side of the Jamstik+ app and and go to mode controls in the middle, then select Single Channel as Sample Tank and other apps use single channel MIDI rather than Multi. Here is one minute overview that may be handy. Other apps will use similar but never consistent, so we allowed choice in our app. Hpe that helps! <url>"Lefty" knows it is still a "Lefty". Simple things that are very hard to rectify once they ship. Still looking at early August for shipments for all Lefty units! Thanks all! Thanks all. We have replied to all of the latest questions here and on the internal message board. Again, Aaron and others, we apologize for the hold up due to the DHL strike, but again, that is now settled and products for you and others are all starting to move with many being delivered daily. Yes Robin, a limited number of the Blue with Cases were shipped yesterday and many more will be going out over the next week. Also, Whites will begin limited shipping later this week as well. We had a few units we rejected do to marred finish, but expediting replacements to still meet July manufacturing/ship. Lefties still looking like early August as originally promised. Ting-Yao Chang and Ali, You both ordered Blue Jamstiks and those will just start shipping this month as we promised in the campaign. We will send you an email with tracking when they go out. Very soon, we believe! Thank you. Tedeu, sent you a couple messages. Shoud have you covered. Thanks for letting us know. Laurent, You are doing it correctly. It takes a little while to track after it is intially shipped on occasion, but you should be good. Kurt, thanks for the feedback. We asked a lot of people and also had some physical limitations due to circuitry and reliability, so the final location worked out the best considering all factors. Love hearing how we can improve, so keep letting us know suggestions. Thanks! Inti- We just sent you your tracking info again, with a private message. It is on its way. Seyha For you and any others who might need a refresher on how to connect to Bluetooth go to this link and it will explain everything you need to do. A short video on how to connect to bluetooth. Hint: No WIFI connection needed, so you may have downloaded the Jamstik Connect for WIfi rather than the Jamstik+ app. Lots of other helpful short "How to's" at jamstik.zendesk.com <url>"Processing Completed at Origin" and it never changes. Look to the right hand side if that happens as a new link and tracking code, will be generated from those carriers and you can click there to find out more info. Sometimes not very specific but helpful, as it will show progress. We have not had any lost as far as we know, but we will obviously make good if one is lost. Krishna, we are sending a message to you now. We will air ship tomorrow, once we determine what you are missing. Thanks for letting us know. Olivier, We are still tweaking the accelerometer feature set and will be testing as we want it to be rock solid when we release it. We will be providing and update in July for sure. It is definitely on the list as we did commit to it as a stretch target. Again, for those looking for shipment info, we are messaging you privately with that as most of you know. Thanks all! Thanks Iain and Henry, it is better to received private messages on shipments. All of the below have been sent one with updated info. White and Blue will be built and shipped in July, Lefties toward end of July/early August and Black, if you have not received an email with tracking, you will very soon, as the last ones are heading to the East Coast for individual packing and shipping today. Some overseas will be a bit longer due to various requirements, but all black have been manufactured and tested and will be on their way to you soon! Many units are shipping today so some will receive tracking within 24 hours, such as LAIR. Thank YOU. Scott, you ordered a lefty black, and it is looking like late July for yours, as those look like they will be moved up from August, but for sure, we will meet our August promise on left handed! Enrique, we are tracking as well. Your unit has a tracking number, but for some deliveries, we do not get day to day up dates. We have a couple others like it, but we will continue to monitor as well. Thanks for letting us know. Herman, yours actually shipped to you in Hong Kong on June 24th, and you should have received an email with tracking, but we just resent it to you on messages here. Roger, yours is shipping this week and others are Blue, which will go out before the end of July. Thanks Iain. Actually, since we have all of the parts in house, the schedule is a bit shorter, but does show your knowledge of the whole process well! Thanks all! JY LEE, We do not have a completed survey from you, and do not have your address until you complete that for us. Toralf, it seems that sometimes the updates from DHL vary depending on area. BC, Canada has been a bit slow and a few others, but they have been doing an excellent job delivering for many. We will continue to monitor for you and others and encourage you to do the same. Jin, thank you again, for your message. Much appreciated by all of us. Thanks all. Joey, Unfortunately, there is not a place to track within the Kickstarter system, but since you ordered a Blue Jamstik, and had a higher backer number, yours will be shipping mid to late July as promised in our campaign and you will receive an email with tracking when it is released to USPS priority for US shipment. International is all DHL at this time. Hope that helps. Thanks so much for backing our project! Thomas, we just sent you a message with info. Jin, Troy and others. Thank you! We are deeply appreciative for the support from this community. You have our full commitment to the present product and future enhancements, particularly in increased functionality with the software and in interfacing with other apps, and adding more ourselves. But first. We need to get all of them out to you and are more than halfway through on that promise! jin, We have sent you a message and will be picking up the discussion with you as our extensive testing of various apps has not reflected high latency, although some apps and platform add more than others as you know. We believe we can assist you off line and report back to others if there is a new FAQ needed to help others. Thanks for bringing this up and for the comments, but we want you to have a much better experience than high latency. Thanks. Andy Holmstom, You ordered a right handed unit, so you should be good if you play as Iain states, strum with right, fret with left. Let us know and we can change if you like, as your order has not shipped out yet. But please message us quickly if you want to change to left for some reason. Thanks! John, we really appreciate your comment! Tiogshi, you make a good point, as we do want to reserve this for constructive conversations, and would like to get separate emails asking on specifics on shipping, etc., but we cannot give tracking info if it has not shipped yet. And no, we are certainly not Amazon. We try to respond within 4-8 hours depending on your time zone to those individual messages and have privately messaged all of those below with more details. Even if you had a low backer number, if you selected Blue, White or Lefty, none of those will go in June as stated in the campaign. Keep the comments and questions coming, but for shipment, just shoot us a message and we will get you square! Thanks All! David - We are answering your question here as it may come up for others and is a simple thing to resolve. The JamTutor default is indeed Steel String guitar - we will definitely be adding in more sounds in the future! The Jamstik+ App does change back to classical because Jamstik+ and JamTutor are two separate apps, and it will remember the last tone you switched to in Jamstik+. If you would like to use the Jamstik+ App Sounds in JamTutor do the following: 1. Open Jamstik+ App 2. Tap on the Menu in the top right corner 3. Scroll down to Play In Background Option and Toggle ON The Jamstik+ app and whatever sound you want will now play in the background when minimized 4. Go to JamTutor 5. Tap Options 6. In the slide-out menu, You will see Jamstik Volume 7. Turn volume all the way OFF Now your Jamstik+ App sound will be running instead of the default Steel String Sound! Hope this helps. Hello All, When your jamstik+ leaves our fulfillment center, you WILL get an email notification within 24 hours after release. We are still on track to build all black + right handed jamstik+'s by the end of next week (June 31) Due to a few extra days in the process of shipping them to our fulfillment center in New Jersey, some of the later backers may not receive shipment notifications until the first week of July, and due to some international paperwork, may be a bit later for these backers. Remember, if you ordered a Blue or White jamstik+, production on those does not begin until the black models have been finished. In summary, no one should have ANY reason to worry about delivery or somehow not receiving their reward. Our delivery dates of June and July will have been met with a 90-95% accuracy, and we appreciate your patience if you receive it any later than our estimated delivery dates. Please message us privately with any individual concerns. As mentioned, we'd like this comments area to be reserved for any customer issues that are important for all to see. Thanks! Christopher, yours is shipping in a few days, it is at our fulfillment partner and you will get an email within 24 hours after they release it with tracking number. Jeffrey, you were an early backer, but selected Blue and those will not ship until July as we stated in the program. They were special order as you know. Michael, we can definitely get you a refund once it is returned. You can use a USB cable to connect it directly to your older macbook pro as many do in the studio use for quick connect, and if you have a Samsung 6 Phone, it will connect well with cable and their app, with low latency, but our apps are not supported. Message us privately or go to jamstik.com/support and submit a ticket and we will be happy to find a resolution. Thank you all. Peter Allen, Hema and Zirui, You should have your units soon! Peter Allen, yours was built last week, and is in transit to the East Coast of US for final packing and shipping to you later this week. An email is sent a no more than a day after shipment. Zirui, it looks like your replacement was delivered to your residence about 30 minutes ago. Hema, yours is now produced as well and will ship shortly. For all others, please know that we will be providing a firmware update very soon! It may take as long as 20 minutes to download, but it is very important that you do so, as it corrects some volume boosts and triggers as well as adding additional traditional features for a richer guitar playing experience. And, yes, Xavier, we are really pleased that Jamtutor is now live on the app store! Troy, cool, glad you like! Emjay-in the mail today! Thanks All! Cas, Kayla, we sent you separate messages rather than reply here. If anyone has specific questions, please message us separately and we can respond fairly quickly. We try to monitor weekends and will do our best to respond. Also, for all of the fathers out there, hope you have a great Father's Day! Best Regards! The Jamstik Team. One clarification - Left Handed Black Jamstiks will not be shipping in June, as those who purchased are aware - it is looking promising they will make July! Also, if you ordered two Jamstik+ units, and selected one as Black-Righty and the other as Blue or White, we will be shipping your black, right handed unit in June and the other when it becomes available in July. Right means, picking with right hand as you all know, but just clarifying one more time. Thanks! The JS Crew. Benjamin, Adi, Torolf, and all. Please, no worries as we will meet our commitments! We promised shipment of Black Jamstiks in June and will have all of them completed and tested by the end of this month, even those who ordered for a later date. We do have to ship to a fulfillment company in another state, so some may slip into the first week of July for final shipment to you, as it takes a few days to handle packing and addressing and proper paperwork. Please know we are trying to ship first orders as they were received, but we have a lot of tiers. Some backers came in later and claimed an early bird slot when another backer moved to another tier or cancelled, and thus they made it into that early grouping, but we really try to be fair for first backed, first shipped! Hope that helps! Also, we did ship a few units in a higher tier of straight jamstik+ Black, righty only, as we were a bit short on cases the first 10 days, The first early bird with cases are going out tomorrow, and a lot of International Jamstik only went out today, with many more of each next week. We had to wait on a special International sticker, which we ordered to assist in clearing EU and other customs quicker, but that is resolved. Finally, check your backer numbers, as some who believe they are early bird, have numbers in the 3000 range and thus others will naturally go earlier. Again, thanks for backing us! PKane, You can go ahead and play it, just do not try to do the upgrade until we give the go ahead in the next few days. Jin-we will be in touch! Thanks! We will be providing an update tomorrow or Saturday for sure. Just doing some final testing. Best Regards! The Jamstik Team. @Keith - Forecast shows early August for lefties! @Emily - Glad you are digging it and thanks for being an awesome and active backer.. As LH mentions, JamTutor should be live as soon as Apple approves the update! @Jin - We really appreciate the iOS 9 beta info, it has to do with our apps being built for 32 bit vs 64 bit architecture. We are aware and will be ready for the transition. Perhaps you'll like to beta test when we do. In regards to the performance, yes our prepared firmware update is going to vastly improve performance as it represents almost 2 months of optimization. Thanks to some hard work on the engineers end it should be ready to go very soon! We'll also be releasing plenty of tutorial videos in the next week to make sure everyone understands all of the features, settings, and how to get the most out of their product. We'll be back with an update for everyone towards the end of the week! Thanks, -Matt Ivan, did you look underneath the jamstik+? The battery, cables, strap, and picks should be underneath the cardboard insert that holds the jamstik+ in place. I really hope we didn't let this get through without them.. let us know and if somehow they were missed, you'll have a new set on the way in the morning! -Matt Thanks everyone. Maaz, we disabled the hardware upgrade for now, but looks like we are going to have a successful announcement soon, just have to do some serious testing, so we are positive! Mike, the new Jamtutor is not live on the IOS store yet, but should be later this week, for Bluetooth. We are waiting on Apple, but they promise soon! Remiam, thank you for backing before and for the comment. We very much appreciate that! Michael, we sent you a separate message, but the last thing we want is for someone to have remorse over buying something that did not measure up to their expectations, so please let us know. But first..., wait for that first hardware upgrade as Hammer on/off, tapping etc., are only getting better with each release. Capo was not available before, but is now, and a lot of things are in the works! This is your jamstik and our forum at jamstik.com is for you as we all benefit from the dialog! Thanks again to all of you! The Jamstik Team! @Zirui B, @J83, and @Tai - I sent you a message regarding your connection problems. The team is working on fixing this issue right now! Thanks for your patience guys -Mike Hi Everyone - PLEASE DO NOT UPGRADE FIRMWARE UNTIL WE CHANGE OUT THE BUILD - I know this is contradictory to what we mentioned in the last update, but unfortunately we are getting feedback that the first recipients have had major problems after the upgrade due to an unforeseen issue. We sincerely apologize and are in the office finding a solution as we speak! Everyone that has issues, please be patient and know that we will get you taken care of as soon as possible. Thanks, -Matt Tai, and anyone else with initial questions, need for help/assistance or just more information. Please go to <url>"When we aren't answering questions, we are busy making sure the experience doesn't prompt any." :) @Hayley - Great question, and I should have clarified - the Woodchuck on-lays will come in the box in a separate package with instructions on how-to, IF you'd like to install them. Essentially they have a peel-off sticky back so you can see how it looks without choosing to make it permanent. Maybe you want to put it on your iPhone case, or your favorite coffee mug; it's up to you! For backers wondering about backer numbers, log in and go here: <url>"+" sign next to our project: jamstik+ The SmartGuitar A lightbox should show up and you'll see your backing details with backer number included. Lastly, for international backers, even if you were among the first 500, there will be a small delay in shipment due to our fulfillment center requiring strict specific guidelines before processing.. but don't worry.. they are one of the BEST! This process will ensure there are no other issues with delivery. Otherwise.. we haven't really asked for this yet, but please follow us @thejamstik on instagram, facebook.com/jamstik, and twitter.com/jamstik and show us some love when your new toys arrive! We can't wait to see :) -Matt Okay, here are your answers: James- between 2000 and 2100 and you picked Blue, so looking to ship mid July. Mac, we hope to get it to you before the end of July as well, but you have a HIGH # as you say. Production is going well! Emily. we should be sending you an email with tracking info within 10 days. Nicholas, yours should ship by end of June, so will make it we believe. Zac. We received your survey. Hoping a few others will complete theirs SOON! Thanks ALL! You guys have done a great job answering the surveys, but we are still missing a number of them! We'll begin final shipments toward the end of the second week in June, so please get your information in to avoid delaying your shipments! Kaylan and David, First, you are both early backers, with # 1250 or below. Kaylan, we can't give specific dates as we have nearly 3000 backers, but we will message you separately, so you can select the correct shipping address. June is still solid for all units promised to be built in June and shipped, but for many this will mean arrival in July. We will send an email with tracking # when they ship. Thanks again to all of our backers! rcamp. We will send you an individual message shortly. Need some additional info from you in order to best answer. Thanks! Thanks Ron, that explains it well! Yes, Kelly, you should order a "right handed" unit, if you strum with your right hand. Most of you are responding quickly to the survey, and we appreciate that as we are anxious to get them in your hands this summer, starting in June. Best Regards, The Jamstik Team. Seyha, Most would tell you that if you write right handed, it is most natural to also strum with your right hand, so we would definitely recommend you order a "right handed' unit. Thanks. Matt! LH, Gareth, John, DJ and Sriram, Yes, LH, the Black units that both you and John have ordered is still set to ship in June. The early bird units will be going out first in all cases. Gareth, we announced the winners in the last update, thanks for your participation! John, we wish we could open the colors up to everyone, but the white and the blue do cost us more as it is a special run and thus for the early bird $199 and $229 specials were black only. The black is really striking and is still our most popular, but we love them all! DJ, yes, there are some options, we will follow up soon. Also, Sriram, Great questions and a longer discussion needs to be made, so we will contact you later as well. Thanks all! The Jamstik Team Thanks all for the recent comments. Jinsub and Gareth, we are sending messages to you separately. Part of the equation is that the jamstik is coming from a different country, just as it would if you were given a "gift" when on an overseas trip but you still have to claim a value at customs when you return home to your country of residence. Many of the countries do not have a VAT that is charged, and sales tax varies from 0 to as high as 25% in some cases, but our research indicates the additional charges will amount to less than $40 USD in almost all cases if you do have to pay additional. With over 60 countries to ship to, that is the best "global" statement we can make. We do intend to sell in most of the countries and thus will be abiding by all applicable laws as you would want us to. Please message us separately if you have individual questions as we really want to assist in any way possible! Also, the survey will be going out soon, so please respond as quickly as you can! Best Regards. The jamstik Team. Keith, Thanks for those questions. Yes, we have some time, so lets take it off line with messaging as and see if we can figure something out that makes sense. Also, the final payments are still clearing so it will be next week before we send out inquiry on options and shipping address for backers. Thanks again to all for the incredible support! Enjoy your weekends! The Jamstik Team Michael, That is a very good question and we are sure others will want to do the same. We are hoping to get the Blue and White shipments in as soon as we can, so that we would be able to time shipments well. It appears that you pledged during the last week of the campaign, so would be at the end of the black and start of the Blue so these should come off almost at the same time. DJ and Gareth, we will be messaging you separately on your questions to allow for dialog. Thanks all for your support! Katya, We understand your thoughts here. We will message you directly rather than on this forum, so we can have a good dialog. Thanks! The Jamstik Team. Garry, Sorry, we have been reviewing your question. When we offered Lefty officially, we also explained the later date, as it requires custom work. Unlike other suppliers, we are not charging a premium for "lefty as we really want to be fair to all. Unfortunately, due to how the "system" is set up and because the early specials were black only, we cannot honor your choice of color request. All three choices rock, so we hope you will be happy with the discounted price even though the color is not your first choice. We will do our best to get your unit to you in July though. Hope that helps! Katya, You are correct, Russia and other countries do not use CE. The US/Canada have FCC; Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong accept C-Tick, all of which we have. This allows us to sell into these countries for resale, thru distribution partners. We are looking at paying for official certification status for many countries all of which have special requirements such as: in country testing/representatives, annual tests, etc. We will add as we can justify and may have some before we ship product this summer. Our understanding is since our units do not require UL, being battery operated, and are not for resale, most countries allow shipments from Kickstarter for products such as Jamstik+. If for some reason you or anyone has a unit rejected by your government, due to certification question we will refund your purchase price, upon its return. Hope that helps! Wow, yes, we are thrilled with the success of the campaign! Thanks to all of your efforts! Stay tuned as a survey will be going out next week for Left Handed, right, shipping address etc. Thanks for all of the input - we appreciate the comments on freight not being a "Value Add" and related concerns on Duties/VATS. Trust that we hear you and also, that we have to comply with Kickstarter and all legal standards, as we do need to maintain our status in all of your countries. For EU, the Jamstik is certified for REACH Compliance and CE. Thanks again! The Jamstik Team! Thank you so much everyone! We are elated to have this amazing group of you with us as backers, and we hope you share in our passion to make this the best experience possible. We are still making sense of how much we just achieved with your help... We'll be back with a full update tomorrow, but seriously, thank you so much for being with us and pledging to make this happen. Good Nights, all! @Emily 140 Minutes to go.. ahh! What a crazy day.. I think we are going to miss this! We have so much to look forward to though, and that is namely getting you your jamstik+'s! @Pisut - Yes, you may restring your lefty model and switch the string messages via software settings in our apps. For the casual lefty / righty switch, a software toggle will allow you to go back and forth without requiring a full restringing every time. @Juliono - Now that would be pretty awesome.. modular digital instrument eh.. you have our wheels turning, but must.. not.. get.. ahead of ourselves :) Hope everyone is as excited as we are! -Matt @Adrian - We like your optimism.. 200 Donations would be amazing! @Gareth - That's a great idea. Though it's too late in the game to get that idea into production, we'll have to look into sticker kits! @Dethpickle - You have our answer.. we've seen more requests for a bass setup so we should be able to get this in, in time for shipment or the very least directly after. @Christian - This was an error on our part, shipping was supposed to be $25 but we accidentally entered less for the non-earlybird and aren't able to change it, so regular pricing gets a little savings in the end. 24 hours to go... let's do this! -Matt @Ed - To keep fulfillment simplest we're not doing pledge additions, however you can always order a case off our website here if you choose! <url>"Bass" setting, however there are plenty of Bass guitar sounds that you can play with. We'll look into adding a custom tuning so it will be set up like a bass. Pisut - We manufacture and ship directly from the US. The jamstik+ is classified as a MIDI like device, with a radio transmitter as part of its hardware, and the Universal Code is 851762-0050. A freight and handling charge was added at check-out and covers our cost of getting the product from us to you, but does not include import fees your country may charge. You'll have to look up fees specific to your country, but hopefully the discount you've gotten through Kickstarter helps make up for it if it should add up! @Adrian - Yes the jamstik+ can be used on flights.. we can't wait to start seeing some airplane players! You'll turn your device to airplane mode, but then manually turn bluetooth back on and should be all set! Thanks everyone and remember you can always directly message me if you have more detailed questions. -Matt Thanks for all of the recent comments! Bud, a separate email was sent to you, and Rick, glad you are in, as we had a lot of people who wanted that capability! We're stoked too and love all of the ideas coming in here and privately. Enjoy your day! The Jamstik Team. Emily, we totally love your comment and Hung-kwon, yours as well! We are enjoying interacting with so many Music Educators and Therapists. Rick: You are not the first to ask and we appreciate your wish. If your number is close to the cutoff, there are cancellations occasionally and thus your number will not change, but you will move up in our numbering system, so you may have a shot at getting one. For now that is all we can say, but know we hear you, and are thinking on it. Thanks! The Jamstik Team. Woohoo! Technically, we need 2250, "Jamstik+" Backers, as the $5 and $29 don't count for the donation total, but safe to say we'll have some news coming soon :) Awesome job everyone, the sharing helped us out so much over the last few days! -Matt Adrian, Thanks for sharing. Love the "2 shares, get one free special". Re your earlier question, unfortunately the controls for the Dpad and Power will not be switched for the Left Handed Version of the Jamstik, at least on this release, as that would require an expensive and time consuming mold change. Although the good news is, it does not seem to bother the testers that have been putting it to the test! Glad we can support Lefty and hope you enjoy it! Heri Sim, Please send a note to us at <email> and we will work with you to resolve for sure! Thanks for letting us know! We have been getting strong support from Singapore and appreciate it greatly! Just put a note to Jeremy's attention with a short description. The Jamstik Team @Daniel Yes you'll be able to update firmware over the air through our iOS or Mac apps! New functionality and performance tweaks can always be updated this way. For your second question, we considered an onscreen display, but decided to let the paired device do that. We'll show you octaves and capo position right in our apps, where you can also adjust any setting to your liking. @Mark We love tap guitar style on Acoustic.. unfortunately it's one thing you can't really do on the jamstik+. Maybe an attachment someday :) @Jaclyn -The Android OS doesn't support quality MIDI performance on most of its devices. However, we're doing some testing specifically on the Samsung S6 model which shows promise via a USB connection. Android support is fairly experimental at this time but we will have an announcement before the campaign ends. @Joe - We'll have a field for special considerations when we send out our backer survey after the campaign ends. With any luck we'll get yours to you before you have to move! @Dasha - We're excited for you to become a guitar player! We'd love to, "jamstik-ify" lol, other instruments, but for now we're focused on shipping the best version of the jamstik+ that we can. The support we've had on Kickstarter means there's a good chance we'll get to expand on our product line in the future! @James - We're glad to have you on-board! We're putting together the best package of hardware and apps to keep you into it and making a lot of progress this time around. If there's ever anything you'd like to see from us to help you stick with it, let us know! -Matt @Billy Regarding latency, our bench testing on an IOS or Mac device shows our Bluetooth transmission speed is very close to a wire. The sample size of the sound is the key and some software/apps allow the sample size to be reduced thus reducing delay. Some reviewers have used wireless headphones/speakers and this adds serious delay as does having multiple apps open on your device. Our internal testing team and external players are very happy with the performance, and we are highly focused on keeping the experience as tight and musical as possible. We'll post a more detailed response in the FAQ shortly! @Nir & Pandeeswaron, Unfortunately you can only make one reward selection and pledge, but due to increased interest we will plan to offer the $29 reward on our website in the future. If you have a friend with an account or a second email address, you might make the additional pledge that way. Hey Everyone! @Olivier We will have more info on the accelerometer soon! The good news is that it's going to be built into the jamstik+ so the possibilities are practically endless. @Chris N - Yes, we are using the same battery on the jamstik+ as the original. @Nichelle - Yep! We'll always have our case available to buy later on the website. @Gene - Hammer-Ons - Slides - and Pull offs are all in varying states of functionality right now. We are currently finalizing the best way to offer these functions for the jamstik+ and it is a high priority. Hi PemrichT, yes, the micro USB to USB can plug directly into your Mac or PC and offers plug-n-play compatibility with MIDI capable software. Lefties, you'll be getting news soon! In regards to device performance, you'll do best with an iPad 3rd generation or Mini / Air and up as these support BLE 4.0 via iOS 8. Latency is something we strive further to eliminate each day, and things are very tight on the jamstik+. The jamTutor series will also have improved performance as we've had a considerable amount of further testing under our belts, along with some great new modes and features to offer. We'll do our best to get some more renders of the colored models available, and I also wanted to thank the commenters below for the kind words and support of our campaign! Thanks, -Matt Hi Edwin and Axel, We manufacture and ship directly from the US. It is classified as a MIDI like device, with a radio transmitter as part of its hardware, thus better fits that category than an electric guitar. The Universal Code is 851762-0050. A freight and handling charge was added at check-out and covers our cost of getting the product from us to you, but does not include import fees your country may charge. You'll have to look up fees specific to your country, but hopefully the discount you've gotten through Kickstarter helps make up for it! Hi Axel, Good question. If you end up choosing black, you will get June delivery. While we will do our best to expedite production of color models, we placed a July date to be safe. Thanks! -Matt Hey Everyone! For those of you asking if the jamstik+ is an easy way to learn guitar, our answer would be a resounding yes! In fact, that's one of the main reasons we built it. Our technology gives you instant feedback about where your fingers are, and where they should be, all on the screen in front of you. Our free bundled app series: jamTutor, teaches you the very basics and brings you up to speed all the way to playing actual songs in time. Check out the answer in the FAQ's section for more info. For the early bird backers asking about color options; unfortunately we can't offer a color choice for everyone as our costs are higher, but today we did announce a discounted option for those who want to pick their own! Just click, "Manage" your pledge, and choose the new "any color" tiers at $229 or $259 with case. Lastly, to clear up any confusion, the original jamstik IS for sale at a discount at various places around the web, but Kickstarter is the ONLY place you'll get the upgraded jamstik+! The original jamstik connects via WIFI which limits the ability to browse the web or download apps while connected. It also uses an older pick detection system which we've improved via the new magnetic pickup on the jamstik+. It's still a great product that we stand by, and if you'd like to try one out, we encourage it! You can check out the FAQ's to read up in more detail what the differences are. Thanks! -Matt These guys were so honest. I said that my guitar didn't arrive after 6 months and they sent me another one. These guys are really honest, so props to you guys for building a real company. Big tick to you guys. You deserve the high praise. It has been the most wonderful experience dealing with you guys. Thank you for everything. I'll be surely telling everyone about you. Oh man, this is seriously the maddest guitar ever! Wow! I just got around to playing it and I literally finished the app and all the guitar lessons in 30 days and surprised myself! Wow, thank you guys for making this! I desperately wanted to learn an instrument and that app that goes with the guitar was over the top amazing. What a quality product. I'm so thrilled and it was one of those purchases I took a chance on and you guys DELIVERED. That was so worth my money. THANK YOU!!!!!!! I still not receive the product. Please reply when Cani get the product? I still haven't receive my product till now! Will like to ask for refund! The lag/latency I get still makes this fairly unusable for me unfortunately. I can physically hear the string being plucked a few ms before the actual sound comes out of whatever application I am using (GarageBand or JamStick) making it almost impossible for me to play this thing effectively. Wish there was a way to fix this issue - it's a great concept and I was truly excited for this. @creators: oh this is helpful, thanks! I did not know what these little plastic things were for. Makes it much easier! I also hope you will come up with some things for us lefties! Thanks and happy holidays! @ Matt. To stop the plastic shoulder straps lugs sliding up and "failing" in lefty mode, use Blue-tack or similar fill the holes, this can be removed if desired. Although if you are going to always use it with a strap perhaps a permanent bond to the body would be best. 17 days and no response to my question posted here. Your <email> email was bouncing messages. I know you're active since you just sent out a promotional email today. We helped you launch this new product and now you're ignoring us? I just tried to email <email> and it bounced back: Technical details of permanent failure: Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the server for the recipient domain jamstik.com by smtp.secureserver.net. [72.167.238.29]. The error that the other server returned was: 550 5.1.1 <email> Recipient not found. Hey guys, props on making a great product. But I have a few qualms as a left-hander and want to know if you have any plans/suggestions how to remedy these issues. 1) You only molded strap inserts for right-hand orientation. You can't use the strap as a left-hander. The small form factor makes this more of an issue than with a standard-size guitar. It would have been easy to design the mold with inserts on both sides of the body. Given that you included the strap with the left-hand kits, I am not sure what you thought we were going to do with it. Do you have any suggestions? 2) The fretboard display in the software is a right-hand orientation. How about a settings option in the to flip the fretboard so it appears correctly for left-handers? I'm having problems with the firmware update 4.049, each time it gets to 20% the Jamstick+ LED flashes amber and it disconnects. Both IPad & Jamstick+ are 100% battery Can you assist please? Regards Nige What really kills it for me is the inability to do hammer-ons and pull-offs. They need to put out a version that supports this. Meanwhile my Jamstik sits there unused. Do the apps and BLE connectivity work properly if I upgrade to Ios9? Wanted to check before I did the upgrade on my iPad Thanks I have yet to receive my jamstik+. Could you guys look into it for me? I sent a message earlier through my profile about this issue as well. Thanks! I Still no battery!! Just received ! It's looks great . Thanks ! After a long wait, finally I received jamstik+ in India. The weird this I had to pay an extra 5219 INR to received the package. Is everyone in the rest of USA paid any extra postage amount while collecting the package? I am extremely unhappy in paying around 85$ extra while collecting the package in addition to the 60$ which I already paid for shipping. I was already unhappy in the delay of this and now it made me sad . Jamstik team, please explain. I had received the battery at Aug.20 but still waiting for my black jamstik+. Just wondering when will i receive mine. After a long delay in receiving my jamstick that was out of Zivix's control, good constant communication throughout the process and a bruised finger from hitting refresh on the couriers tracking site, i was excited to receive my jamstick +. That's when things took a turn for the worse. for such a well designed, manufactured and innovative device i really struggle to understand how zivix overlooked such a fundamental flaw with their product. There is never enough time to play with such a fantastic instrument. No matter how long you have and how much spare time you have it is never enough. Thank you zivix for everything you have done. now if you can just add a few more hours to each day that would be great Hey guys , i have received my jamstik and i am leaving a comment to show you how grateful i am . I never thought that i would be able to play an instrument , I am really bad with them but the jamstik is a magical device , i can see real progress . I am extremely grateful. September already - reading from the thread, it seems there has been some delay or customs issues with China. I am one of them since I did not receive my Jamstick in Shanghai yet. It would be good that you could support delivery tracking without us to send a request. Could you help track my order / or has it been lost ? Thank you in advance. So, a month ago I wrote on here how disappointed I was at still not having received my Jamtisk+. At the time I said I didn't blame Zivix for DHL's mess. You guys responded saying: "We have requested again, a full explanation from DHL and promise we will get you a jamstik as you purchased and we owe you big time." You have also mentioned multiple times that you were going to send out replacement units, but I have not heard anything from you since my message a month ago. Nothing! You could AT LEAST send those of us affected by this debacle emails to keep us up to date on the progress. We were supposed to receive our Jamsticks in June, it is now September and I'm still none-the-wiser about when I will be receiving my Jamstick! The battery arrived just today. My thanks to the Jamstik team for your good service! @Djarn Nicholas I can understand your position, I usually do not buy into anything that needs Apple. I got a Galaxy S with Android 5.1.1 running (Omni ROM) and a jolla (well, not really Android:), the other devices at home are Xiaomi (2, 4, and a Xiaomi box). So I am pretty much into Android. BUT, no offense meant, you are being crossly unfair in your anti-Apple rage against the Jamstik team. The FAQ on the campaign page did state everything very clearly. 1. Device and apps work on Apple 2. No apps on other platforms, yet 3. No general support of the hardware on Android due to the lack of a hardware standard 4. Device is usable via MIDI on Windows I did reconfirm with the Jamstik team before I backed the Jamstik, that it supports MIDI on Windows (like with the You Rock Guitar). With all the information on the campaign page at hand I knew and was fully aware that I had to get an Apple device in order to make full use of the Jamstik's special features (that is in combination with the apps). From what I have experienced so far, the Jamstik apps are well-done. And I have to admit that it is just great to have a free supporting application like GarageBand with all the sampled instruments, ready to be carried with me in a compact form. Very motivating. My daughter loves the music/creativity apps, as well, but it seems she likes the Android gaming part better ;-). The Jamstik campaign was a very successful Kickstarter project, with only minimal delay. Communication and response times were great. It might have been possible to avoid the unfortunate battery hick-up, but the Jamstik team managed to get this ironed out. At least for me. Full fulfillment, mission accomplished. I have backed a number of Kickstarter projects, in comparison the Jamstik+ project has been almost perfect. Anyone here have experience with the Danish customs ? My package has been in their care for 10 days now and it only took four days to get it from the US :-) Well I have not recieved mine yet. I'm in Melbourne Australia. Last kick starter project Ill invest in, after having to wait longer for a left handed version and a courier option that sits with your item for a week (I see I'm not the only one) before they clear it, I now see I'm stuck with a useless piece of plastic since it only supports crappy apple devices. When the campaign started they used (thanks hindsight) clever words to make android and windows users think that by the time the item was delivered they'd have support. Their poor excuses about MIDI support is bull. They now say they develop in a cross platform *** blah blah blah* , just publish the thing if you really have! Windows has had MIDI support before IOS was even thought of and android users would rather have a bit of latency than a piece of plastic. Truth is probably they are talking crap and are purely bias towards stuff like right hand eds and brainless apple fans. After a week of seeing it sit in customs processing since getting to the UK my black lefty unit arrived today. Well, by 'arrived' I mean I went to get it from the main sorting office and pay the customs charge (£25.91 including handling fee) in person. Waiting for it to be actually delivered would have meant not receiving it until next Tuesday at the very earliest! It's going to take a bit of getting used to how things work as it's not *quite* like a traditional guitar in how it responds... but it's also so much more, and Hell's Bells! I love it. :) Respect to the Jamstik team, you've made a truly delightful device! Hi Zivix, I appreciate your reply to my previous comment. I gave Jamstick several weeks of testing. I feel like that it is an interesting instrument if you know how to play, and use it to remix and record. However, I also feel that it doesn't teach me the correct way to learn, especially because it doesn't produce "within zone variation" if you know what I mean. Once I learn something on Jamstik+ and try to play it on a real Guitar, I fail because I can't get the basic notes right. The pressure I apply on a real Guitar is very different which cannot be replicated well using the current version of Jamstik+. I started to grow frustrated. Could you alleviate my concern? For example, do you plan in the future version of hardware update to make Jamstik+ more realistic? Or what do you recommend me to do? For example, buy a real Guitar and learn to play, then come back to Jamstik+? Hi Zivix, My Jamstick+ arrived today, but I wasn't home at the time. The note from the delivery man stated that I have to pay another €41,90 at pick-up. Didn't I already pay an extra fee for the shipment? I live in the Netherlands, have there been any customs-issues? Will pick up the package tomorrow, hope you compensate the extra costs in one way or another... I have my JAMSTIK. Still no battery though! :{ I am in the same boat regarding the Australian orders. Havent received it yet and it's still in Frankfurt according to DHL. Thanks for the speedy response Zivix! Hi Zivik, Do we have any more updates regarding deliveries to Australia? It's listed as having arrived in Frankfurt well over 2 months ago, and nothing since. My lefty jamstik+ has arrived in my home city.... Excitement in anticipation growing.... Hi. I received my blue lefty, but have not received the white regular. I expected they would come together or the rightie would come first. How can I go about getting the status on the white one? Thanks. Hi I am still waiting for the delivery of my Jamstik. I sent several emails to you but I got never feedback from you. Please advice me when I can expect the Jamstik. Kind regards Pascal from Switzerland. Hi Zivix, I did not received any of your message or email regards to the replacement of battery please give us a update on this issue/ shipment. Thanks Received the jamstick+ and I am from Singapore. Like many others, there was no battery and the package was opened and resealed. I received my jamstick+ today, and I can't even use the strap it's still set up like it's intended for the right handed. The strap is on the wrong side also the power buttons and everything is on the bottom it seem that the only change is that you guys switched the strings. Also it is very difficult to use jam tutor when the jam tutor is for right handed players. Hi, I just received my Jamstik and to my horror, there's no battery in the package. The package was opened and in a mess and my jamstik plastic in the center is broken at one side. Also I did not receive any soft case as indicated in my pledge. Would appreciate if you can send me my batteries, my soft case and a replacement for my spolit plastic with the jamstik wordings printed on it. Thank you! I have love in Singapore. thanks Zivix Hi, I have received my jamstik but there isn't any battery in it. And the package that I received is not sealed in the inner layer (Jamstik box) but it is sealed on the outer courier box. In the box there is jamstilk, strap, pick and USB cable that all. I don't know what else I have missing. Please help Nothing from DHL, yet. For Zivix some pics: the repacked package (<url>"Gefahrgut")(<url>… I'll have to wait at least two weeks, then we'll see … Received my Jamstik+ a few minutes ago (Melbourne, Australia), Thanks! Looks great, downloading the apps now. I did notice some blue marks on the back and side of my white Jamstik+ from where it had been rubbing against the blue packaging. I used a slightly damp "White Magic Eraser" and was able to remove the marks without any issues. Maybe the area where the Jamstik+ sits in the box shouldn't be coloured. Anyway, time to enjoy and learn a new instrument. Thanks again. That's very generous of you Zivix, and greatly appreciated. Those Germans must be enjoying our Jamstik+s right now... Sydney Deliveries? Please inform us on progress... *haven't Hey. Im in Sydney and still have got my Jamstik White. How do I track it? Clayton Whetmore, here I haven't received mine. In looking through the information, it appears that somehow the radio button for "Left Hand" is clicked. I am right-handed. Hopefully, the Left-Hand version can go to somebody who needs it and I can receive the more traditional one made for right-handed people. Thanks! @Colin and @Greg - I've been waiting 7+ weeks for mine to arrive in Sydney. Been over 3 weeks with no updates from DHL either - Last seen in Germany, so either still there or lost in transit I guess. Definitely doesn't seem like Aus Post has even seen it yet, so pretty unlikely any delay on that end. Zivix said they had some new info on the Australia deliveries last week, but haven't heard back from them since then either. I was part of their original Indigogo campaign which had quite a bit of delay too, but that was more manufacturing troubles, not anywhere near this kind of delivery problems. I wonder at what point does it just make sense to put in an insurance claim on the undelivered packages. I just want to play with everyone else :-( Hi, any idea when they will be delivered to Australia? I am still waiting in Australia = ( Can we have an update with the lefties please? Got my one! Wow! It is AMAZING!!! "all of the Backer units except lefties have been shipped"... so does that mean us lefties can start getting excited? Correction: MORE excited? Really hoping to be Jamming soon. I am still waiting in Singapore. =( hi, I noticed that once I put my left hand fingers in a particular "section", it doesn't produce variation of sound, no matter how I change the position of my fingers within that section. it seems to be quite different from actual guitar. Do you plan to fix that? Joey Got it! Played for a while and it is completely amazing!! One of the best things I've got from kickstarter! Starting from the package to product and the apps!! So cool! Thank you guys Hi, I am travelling to the US - SFO, LAX, SEA from 10th through 19th. Any chance you can ship this to my US address and we need not worry about the international customs etc. I have been waiting for my Jamstik+ to arrive for over 45 days now and it does not seem to be progressing in anyway. Please advise. It's really interesting to see my second jamstik+, shipped Jul 25, would arrive BEFORE the one shipped Jul 9. :p I'm in Taiwan. Really looking forward to play with it! Being from Sydney Australia, I'm not too concerned any more. There is most likely a back log at Australia post. There's some scandal happening in the news with a contractor of theirs that's in Melbourne, but I won't be surprised if they're investigating other cities. If you google it, there's more info. So I'd rather them do their jobs. So no worries, and chances of it arriving this month is high. Actually, I got that wrong, that was just the most recent update. They've had it since the 21st of June. Still worth the wait! :-) Thanks for the update guys. My Jamstik has been sitting with DHL in Frankfurt since the 17th of July. I'm sure it'll be worth the wait. :-) I got my DHL tracking number 6 weeks ago and still no sign of my Jamstick+!! It's been in limbo between Frankfurt, Germany and Perth, Australia (its final destination) for 5.5 weeks... ridiculous! I shall never be using DHL to send packages in future. I'm just a little peeved that the $60 I paid for shipping has resulted in such a long wait for delivery. Not blaming the Jamstick team BTW, there's no way you guys could have known the debacle that was to ensue! +1 to the whining about DHL - still in transit, 15 days and counting :\ But only two of those days to get to Europe, so the hold-up's all this side. I know it won't help, and it's not your fault - just as feedback that they're doing a rubbish job, at least this particular time :) Quick question: What delivery service is shipping within the USA? DHL? UPS? USPS? FedEX? Haven't received any tracking info for blue jamstix yet. Thanks! ='.'= I received mine a week ago. It took 30 days to deliver. It's awesome! I love it. I finally got my hands on the JS today and i must congratualte you. You should put a video up for other KS projects to learn from as this is the best of many projects i have backed. Everything was excellent from the packaging to the feel of the JS itself. The sound Garage Band is fantastic using headphones. Anyone looking for more guitars sounds, Garage band is where to find them. I travel a lot and the JS is coming with me. Just one little issue, the registration process will not allow the code which has more than 4 digits. Congrats again for a well presented and delivered campaign. Received mine, and quickly became obsessed with it! Great product! Does any one know if they are being shipped by air or ocean freight and if it's express? like do I need someone to sign for it? I'm from Australia, so I know express really doesn't mean anything from this side of the world, as it always takes forever, but I would like to know if I need someone to sign for it. My jamstik finally arrived last friday!! As a basic level guitarist, I'm sure I will improve my skills, because I'll take it everywhere for practicing. By the way, no latency issues and I could update in second try. Congratulations Zivix for this wonderful product. Looking forward for the next one!! Hi all. I'm in Canada and received my Jamstik on Friday. Canada Post will say on tracking that they will deliver to you but it goes directly to your closest post office for pick up. DON'T wait at home for delivery. The tracking will say out for delivery then attempted then notice left. When actually it goes straight to postal outlet. Took 8 days to clear canada customs.Paid 19.65 cod. (9.65 duty) plus 10.00 fee. Today I received a letter from DHL (<email>) regarding the Lithium batteries. My reference number is G-91789. Please solved this problem. Thank you. Parisri I'm getting better and better with the chords and all, loving the JS more and more each day. Are there any more sound options planned for the JS app? No shipment notice here in the UK also.... Any update? Hello! Checking if the orders that were supposed to ship in July were all sent? I am in Canada and received no shipment notice... Hey there, Can I get an estimate on delivery dates? Mine should have arrived in July? Cheers Hey guys, customs want some kind of invoice. Is it possible to send it to me? Thanks Just got my Blue Jamstik+ yesterday morning. Love the build quality, have been playing all night long. XD Overall everything is good, just disappointed in the DHL services. For those of tragic "Processing Completed at Origin, June 27" (or around), I guess it will never update, so I recommend asking your local DHL office with shipment number in hand. I did, and apparently my package is going to be delivered tomorrow by Postal Service. Crossing fingers!! Hi Guys: Have been out of the loop and JUST sent in my backer survey-I hope that this isn't too big a problem, and sorry about that. Nina I just received mine this morning in Singapore. The weblink to the tracking number does not update, but is still showing June 27. So I guess those that went to Germany should start receiving the package. Hope my update will keep your spirit up. Well you haven't responded to my msg regarding update to my Jamstick. It ship on the 19th of June and I still haven't received the parcel yet. Private message unanswered. Still no notice of shipment Very happy my Jamstik arrived today! Minor gripe: DHL decided to charge me 35$ for doing their job delivering it. :(:(:( Hi. I was told I'll have my notification by July 27, but I still don't have any, please advice. Hi Zivix, I am still waiting for Jamstik+. I just want to know, is it on ship or ready to go. For those who have not yet received their Jamstik+, here are two unboxing videos of the SmartGuitar : <url>"Dangerous Goods - Lithium battery" your parcel was screened by security measures at the Frankfurt Airport. In this case, our staff found the above described dangerous good in your parcel. I'm sorry to inform you, that this kind of hazardous material are not allowed for transport by german postal service. Would you please do something on this? I have the reference number... Received my blue right hander in the UK yesterday. Very pleased so far, but I do have a couple of software related questions, a warning, and an item that may be of interest for Android users! First of all the warning - I upgraded my iPad to iOS 9 beta2. The JamStik+ app closed when updating the firmware. Fortunately, it hadn't got very far and didn't seem to cause an issue when I tried again on my wife's iPad which is running regular iOS 8.4. I would suggest not trying to update he firmware if you're on the iOS 9 beta, just in case there's a chance you might brick your device. 1. The JamTutor app only has the sounds for a single guitar (12-string acoustic) whereas the JamStik+ app has two additional acoustic guitars. Why is this? 2.There are no electric guitar sounds is either app, which is a bit of a disappointment to me. Are there any plans to add more sounds? Finally, I plugged my JamStik+ into my Note 4 via USB, and can confirm that Samsung's SoundCamp does detect it as a MIDI interface - sadly there aren't any guitar sounds, since the Guitarism plug in does not use the MIDI interface, but it's a start. Thanks, Dave Finally got my white Jamstik+ delivered today. Shipped on the 21st, arrived today, the 27th, in Hawaii. Updated the firmware via my iPhone 5S no problem despite the crappy AT&T slow cell coverage. As Nafers said four days ago the fretboard action will require my calluses to build-up on my fingers to be played easily. It's actually very similar to my Washburn traveller's guitar with metal strings. I'm more of a futting-around guitar player, but the JS+ will take a little getting used to. I'm probably going to put some anti-slip strips on the back of the unit as it's so smooth it slides against my body when moving up the fretboard. After my fingers get used to the JS+ I'm sure my Squire Strat will be like butter to play with its easy action. So far so good! Hello Zivix, hanging to get my Jamstik+. Replied to the survey re delivery details back in May and have not received any notification of shipping yet and its end of July. Hi there, still awaiting my right-handed blue jamstik. I'm in the US. Any updates? Thanks! @Guan: Hey I'm in SGP as well. Did your JS+ got stuck in Frankfurt due to battery issues? DId you ask them to remove it? I've tried calling them but no dice and emails weren't replied to. Did you do anything? Hi Zivix, May I know when will my awesome jamstick+ be delivered? :) I'm earlybird backpacker and finally delivered to Korea. Yay! But i think DHL has a big problem because it shows my JS+ is still stuck in USA(still not trackable). I had some problems on firmware downloading, but now it works after several retrying. Thanks zivix! Singapore here. Just received it today. Trying to update firmware but unsuccessful a couple times. Fingers crossed... Hi Team, any update on blue JS+ shippings to Germany? Will I receive an email on the shipping? Best, Max Also, thank you for your efforts in bringing together this project; I'm sure its implementation isn't easy. Thank you, Zivix; the first of my Jamstick+ deliveries (black, righty) arrived in Melbourne Australia today! Soon, the wait for the lefty version will begin! I live in HK but I checked that it was shipped to Singapore, Please help to follow up. I have double checked my shipping address and confirmed that my country was Hong Kong not Singapore. Got mine in Mexico City! About the firmware update, I try a couple times with my iPad, but for some reason it lost the bluetooth connection around the 36%. Just switch to my iPhone 6 and everything go smoothly. Received in HK. It's great! Got my JS+ today in Hong Kong! The packing is nice, and it keeps my JS+ in excellent condition. I encountered some problem after firmware update (unable to play sound), but it was solved after soft reset my JS+. It is an amazing stuff to have, and I will be happy to bring it along to my next trip and play with my friends! The service of DHL was disappointing, pls don't use it next time~ Thanks Zivix for your outstanding communication with backers, highly appreciate! Hi Zivix, Have the jamstiks started to ship ? So far no notifications . Yesterday,after 5 weeks of waiting I received my JS+.But I had to pay extra for customs 50 Euros.I immediately made the firmware update. In general I like the unit very well.But if I play it over Bluetooth,I am very surprised by the latency.Between picking and sounding can be felt a definite delay.About USB I could not test it. Is this normal or can I adjust somthing?Just as it is now playing is not very much fun. When do you anticipate shipping the lefties? just received my jamstik+ today! cant wait to try it! Thanks Zivix, got my White Jamstik+ yesterday, and me and the kids had alot of fun playing with it last night. I've been playing the guitar for about a ayear and a half now, and I will say it's different in many ways. I think people that start on the Jamstik will have an easy time transitioning to a real guitar, but established guitar players will probably be initially turned off to the Jamstik when they try it. The action on the frets just feels a tad stiff. Not high or low, just stiff. Not a bad thing, it just takes an hour or so to get used to. (That being said, my LP and Strat have silky smooth action, so it's probably not fair to compare too much!). Anyway, it's beautiful and solid, and does exactly what it said it would do. @Iain From experience I can tell you that it usually takes some time to be able to hold down the strings properly, let alone play chords and change finger positions swiftly. Keep practicing and you'll get better and better every day, the feel is very much like a real guitar so if you should decide to make the transition some time later you'll be good to go! I've had my Jamstik for a couple of days now, and I'm a **complete** beginner in my 50's. Like Dominik said, good sturdy packaging and the Jamstik itself feels really solid. I had problems doing the firmware update - later on I found out that my wife's laptop was doing a big download so the network was slower than usual, so I guess a network timeout. Eventually I restarted my iPad and that seemed to fix everything. I'm enjoying the JamTutor exercises, and already getting the odd moment when my fingers seems to know what they need to do, but I'm still on single string picking at the moment - don't have any chords worked out yet. My biggest challenges at the moment are that I'm still slow so the arcade mode gets interesting, and I don't seem to be able to bend my left hand to get clean contact on the frets - need to find out where my fingers are meant to go! Really enjoying myself, and now I have a weekend to play properly ;-) Thanks Zivix - great fun and teaching aid all rolled into one! Hi Zivix. Not sure why you're not responding privately, so I'll try here: DHL tracking site has been showing 'No Results' for my package since July 8th. Please LMK what I can do. Got mine delivered to Hong Kong this morning!!!!!! I only have time to unpack and appreciate the beautiful Jamstik+ before heading out to work. Thank you Zivix, I do appreciate your effort and help in tracking the parcel and your timely messages advising the latest delivery state. This is a great Kickstarter project and I will be a loyal backer to your future projects. Stil awaiting my Jamstik+ in Australia. About a month back, I received an email with a DHL parcel tracking number and I started tracking the parcel ever since. However, the parcel status has not changed since June 20th and I have not received anything from DHL or any other courier since. Can you please look into this and confirm if my Jamstik was shipped or not? Why is it taking so long? Hi Zivix, it's kind of annoying that keep pressing the F5 in the DHL homepage every single day, which I can do nothing but seeing the jamstiks is still sitting in Frankfurt. Can your team consider using another logistics company in the future? Hi Zivix, Have the blue jamstiks started to ship ? So far no notifications . DHL is kinda strange: Things going into or through here always go through customs, which takes a considerable amount of time, since everything goes through the main customs office in Frankfurt. My JS sat there for almost 3 weeks, so delays here might be inevitable. The part about it being "dangerous goods" because of the battery sounds really strange though. If you have Twitter Id contact them there, they are usually way more helpful than the guys on the phone. I've used DHL Express many many times before it works wonderful. I'm not so sure of this weird beast called DHL eCommerce though. Not a reflection on Zivix at all, but I'm really not impressed by DHL. My JamStik arrived in Germany (I'm in the UK) on Saturday. 2am Tuesday morning, it ended up in Cologne where it says it that : "The shipment will be transported to the destination country and, from there, handed over to the delivery organization." It's almost 60 hours since that update, so what's it doing sitting in Cologne? I can't help but feel that USPS would've been a much better option since I had a delivery sent almost the same time that took 6 days start to finish. Got a letter from Deutsche Post DHL in Germany that my Jamstik is a dangerous goods due to the lithium battery. Unfortunately the letter doesn't state the next steps and eCommerce office is closed for the day. So..no clue what will happen to it now.. I chalk it up to the really silly route the package has taken (USA to Germany to .???? to singapore?). Hey guys! I received my Jamstik+ just yesterday, after being misrouted it ultimately found it's way to Germany. ;) I just wanna give a few impressions: The packaging is very high-value, as are the components of the Jamstik itself. Everything is well-crafted and the firmware update worked seamlessly. You can practically start right off jamming after that, whether you're knew to playing or have played the guitar for a considerable time in the past (which is the case with me). I gotta say, if you played the guitar before there'll definitely be a difference in terms of feeling and handling. That difference does come naturally through the Jamstik being an electronic device and -as far as I can tell- has nothing to do with mistakes made during the manufacturing process. Personally, to me it's a little odd at first to have such a short and small instrument, but I found myself remembering (and playing well!) old songs and riffs / licks in no time. All in all, after one night of intense practice I have to say this: The Jamstik can't fully replace an actual guitar, nor does it wish to do so. It's a great way to learn (or re-discover) playing a beautiful instrument and does all it sets out to do extremely well. User-friendly and versatile, I give it a huge thumbs up. Kudos to Zivix for exceptional customer service! You guys rock! \m/ @LaFuDan: thanks for the feedback. Will keep my fingers crossed that the package isn't far away. Finally the item number appears on Hong Kong Post mail tracking webpage. Delivery status is still in transit. I got my one from Hong Kong Post today, yeah~~~~~~~~~ @Ian: Same here but I received it this week. i haven't received any info on my jamstik where should I make a ticket ? Thank you. I will send it shortly For people in asia, I just got a letter from German post office that item can't continue because lithium battery is considered hazardous. @creator, their suggestion is to remove the battery. Is it simple to replace? Has anyone in Australia received their Jamstik+ yet? Mine shipped on 21st June and still only see a ship to destination country twice, the last time on the 17th July. Blue JamStik+ received today in Virginia, USA. Backer #3292. Updating firmware now. Thanks! @Kwok Ting, I am in Hong Kong and experiencing the same frustration as you. Hi again Zivix Team, Kindly disregard my previous message, found the message after digging thru spams. Thanks a lot ! Hi Zivix Team, You said that you sent a message upon my request (delivery to France, black one), but I did not receive that message. Thanks ! Anyone in Hong kong received? My tracking show it pass to Hong Kong Post on Jul-16 and state that "The shipment will be transported to the destination country and, from there, handed over to the delivery organization. (Homepage / online shipment tracking: <url>" But I can't track it in Hong Kong Post web site.......... @Creator Hi guys! I ordered a white Jamstik+ and was wondering what the shipping status is? I am travelling in the first week of September and I was hoping to get it before I leave. Thanks! � Blue jamstik+ received! Following my request for info yesterday you've replied (here) as follows: "Thanks for all of the comments and we have sent messages to all of you". But I haven't received any reply, and I have checked my junk mail, so please re-send. :-) Thanks very much. (Apologies if a similar message appears twice - my original message didn't show up after clicking "post comment" so I've rewritten it.) Hello, following my last comment yesterday asking for news of my Jamstik's status/location, you replied "Thanks for all of the comments and we have sent messages to all of you" - well, so far I haven't received any message, and yes I checked my junk mail (no reason it would go there anyway as I get your general update mails with no problem). Can you send message again please? Thanks a lot! Tim Hurray - mine has arrived at home (Northern Scotland). Boo - I'm working late tonight :-( @BYKim I think you have to connect to Android with a USB cable because they don't yet support BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy). Check their site for details. <url>#230). Should i sit at here and just waiting for finishing strike? Why did we pay $50? pls let me know if 2 jamsticks are on the way or not. I haven't got any shipping information. thanks. Hi, looking for tracking for my shipment to the US Hi, Just a quick update to let you know that my Jamstik+ was waiting for me at the post office today. I was a bit disappointed to learn that I had to pay 56 more euros (customs fee,I guess), though ! Anyway, got it just in time for the holidays, so that's pretty cool :-) Thanks again to the Zivix team for covering my mistake, when I ordered left-handed instead of right-handed ! ;-) Hi, add me to the list of people hoping for a shipping update... Should be a White, right handed. Hoping to receive before I travel next week... Just received one of two ...very excited! I did not get any shipping information in advance though. Hello, I've had no news since the last project update on 24 June... Waiting in Brussels for blue right-handed Jamstik. Any info about when I will receive it? Thanks! Thank you so much, FedEx just delivered the package, now everything is intact, 10x 4 the gr8 support and communication I would love an update or tracking number. Having an issue updating my firmware - I've connected the jamstick to my iphone, and the "Important Firmware Update Available" button is showing. However, every time I click on it, and then click "Update", it does absolutely nothing. Is there a solution to this? I am backer #1403. I have yet to receive any shipping notification. Please advise. Tq Possible to PM me an tracking number? Thank you. Hi Zivix team There are lots of requests for delivery date. I believe you need to release estimated shipping schedule according to production plan and not just using "Late July" kind of time frame. We are all waiting. Arrived! Fun! Thanks! It has become obsessed with. Could I get a shipping update please? I have not received any notifications. Thanks Hi Zivix Team, May I also request a status update (delivery to France, the black version) ? Thanks ! Wondering if I could get an update on shipping? I haven't received any correspondence at all.... I never received the email notifications, when will you start shipping? Thanks I understand that since I've ordered the left-handed version, this version will only start shipping August, I've tried looking at my reward and I can't see if it includes a carry case, if it doesn't, is it possible to get one and if so, how do I go about getting it? Hi, I would also like a shipping update if possible. My backed no. is 1491 for a white one. thank you The money for me came out on May 7. How do we find out our shipping date? Australia For the UK, and I suspect other countries as well, there have bene 3 levels of shipping. 1. Shipping from USA to Germany using DHL eCommerce - this is from the original notification from the fulfilment company. 2. Shipping from Germany to the UK using 'DP Welt Paket' with a different tracking number (12 digits) 3. I found out today that in the UK it was then transferred to ParcelForce with yet another shipping number, but I only found this out because I phones DHL in the UK. I'm quite surprised at this transfer as DHL do have a depot nearby, as do ParcelForce. I have paid £38.05 for the "Import VAT" and handling charge, and delivery is scheduled for Tuesday. I received the original shipping notification on July 8th, and the DP Welt Paket notification on the 10th July, so delivery on 21st July, so a total of 13 days to the UK, but I was near the end of the regular black Jamstiks, so the strike that affected so many people had already finished. So if you have received a notification, it is worth contacting DHL with the 12 digit tracking number and see where it is at - the staff were very helpful, and it took about 10 minutes for them to find it and give me the information. Good luck! Hello, I haven't received any email updates in a bit. Also no shipping notice. Any updates? Hi, I would also like a shipping update if possible. thank you I'd like to know when mine will be shipped please. I haven't received any email about that. I am in the UK. Mine got held up by customs, but I'll be able to collect it on Monday. I'm from Germany so I'll keep all of you international backers who haven't received theirs posted on the fees etc. I haven't received mine yet :-( Please update me on status :-) Hi guys - can you tell me who would be shipping out (I am in the UK) and I haven't received anything to say where my order would be? I've searched for DHL - could you provide what the subject may look like so I can have another look or update me please. Zivix, can u help me check the status with dhl. Mine was sent june 26. Thx any idea where is my jamstik? the tracking information can't be found on the website of dhl, it' benn almost a month that i received the notification, but now i am not even able to track it. please do help, thanks I got mine updated as well. Third times the charm. Now I need to learn playing on this thing:) Hi all - just got my js+ and have a few observations regarding getting it delivered and updating the firmware. First off, I live in the UK and mine was dispatched on 30 June; the tracking page was very useful: just seeing my js+ sitting in Germany for a week was unbearable. Then seeing it being held in the UK because a customs charge was due and the "recipient has been informed" was annoying because it took 4 working days from the time the tracking status changed to me actually being informed and what I had to do to pay the charge. I don't know how this compares with other UK people's experience. Anyway, now it's here and it is really, really nice! The firmware update happened without any problems but it took 25 minutes. I don't know why this was so much longer than the 15 minutes stated but it sounds like some are having issues. So, maybe I'll get a chance to play it over the weekend. In the meantime thanks to the Zivix team for delivering the pro instrument I was hoping for! Hey, is there any ETA on when the mac app is coming out? Haven't got an iPad, and it's not great on the iPhone's small screen. Thanks Sorry, autocorrect is also brutal today:) I hope you understand what I was trying to say. Update has been stuck two times, at 27% and 35%. This is the third time I'm trying to update. Fingers crossed. Updates that takes 10+ minutes is pretty brutal when there seems lite here is no progress, mine has been stuck at 35% for some time now and I don't know if something went wrong or if it will continue in a minute or ten. Hi I only received one of the two jamstiks I paid for...? Does the charge LED change color when it is charged? Can it be safely left plugged in to charge overnight? Just an FYI, I received my jamstik today. Do blue units that were shipped after the firmware upgrade still need to go through the upgrade process? What is the latest estimate of ship date on my blue lefty jamstik+. No rush, just trying to set my expectations. :) I haven't seen an update lately. Thanks. Hi All, what should I look for in my email in terms of shipping notice of for my jamstik+ (blue)? I have been in the hospital for a while so may have missed the notice in my email. Thank you for any help you can provide. Take care, Karen I have just received notification from DHL "Track & Trace" that my Jamstik has arrived in the UK and it with customs. The "Track & Trace" page is different from the original notification. If you see my post from 2 days ago on how to find the local courier updates, you may well find more up to date information. My original notification was 8th Jul so 7 days ago - I'm really hoping mine can get delivered on Friday so I have the weekend to play, but it always takes a day longer to get stuff to the north of Scotland... :-( Excitement building up again ;-) I've got a question. Why did I pay $50 to ship the jamstik from US and it's been almost a month but no news? I paid half the price to ship the same weight in 7 days. I'm in South Africa, early bird, my Jamstik shipped on 27th June, arrived at DHL Germany 1st July and it has been stuck there since. Emailed <email> and the response was "Dear Sir, due to strike action occurs during the delivery of parcels in delays, please be patient and we appreciate your understanding, thank you. We deliver the parcels as soon as possible, we do our best." No expected date for delivery given, just "we do our best". Well done to Zivix for getting the shipment out in June. I'll "do my best" to avoid using DHL in the future. I got mine, but had to pay customs fee, about 45$, i'm not mad, but sending the package as gift prevents this, as there'll be some people angry about it Hi Any idea on a shipping date to South Africa? Cant wait to get mine!! Thank you :) Blue Jamstiks have started shipping. Received my notice today! :) Where my jamstik is going? Can you help me to check. Many thanks. **shipping** What's going on with my pledge? I haven't got anything for ahipping and it has been 1 month. Please don't tell me you forgot about me... Screenshots of my DHL shipment : From the fulfilment centre <url>→ PZ-Ffm, Germany?? DHL 배송 뭐냐... 왜 독일로 보내는거야? DHL 글로벌메일 다들 욕하던데... 이건 USPS급이네... I have just received my shipping notification from the fulfilment centre in New Jersey to the UK. I'm backer 3023 so I was one of the last people to pledge. I pledged for a regular right-handed black Jamstik, so by now the first of the White & Blue Jamstiks are likely to be coming off the production line and heading for the fulfilment centre :-) Looking forward to learning how to play guitar soon! Hi, I didn't receive any tracking mail so far (I leave in France), and would know if I have to do something to unlock shippment process ? I can't wait anymore :-) thanx for ur great job ! I cannot find where to send a private message, but I have got the tracking number 9 days ago, and it looks like its in Germany now but I don't live there, any idea how I can trace the jamstick? Thanks :) i don't received any shipping notification, did i make something wrong or just have to wait? I live in hong kong and i have no idea Has anyone else had any success with returning their jamstik? I don't have an iphone or ipad, so I can't take advantage of the apps that come with the jamstik (wondering why they didn't atleast develop an app to use on MacOS...), which basically makes my jamstik a usb midi controller and I already have plenty of those. They have stated repeatedly that they'd be happy to refund my money, but once I finally decided that's what I wanted to do, I haven't heard a peep from them. I first asked for them to give me the return instructions nine days ago, then after I didn't hear anything I e-mailed them again two days ago. Still no response... Hi, I changed my shipping address because I will stay in Hong Kong more than 1 month. Did you ship my Jamstik yet ? Cheers. I requested a change to the black right hand version, did you ship it let. Hi, I have some problem with shipping process... According to the DHL tracking system, my jamstik is still in Germany and they say my parcel has already arrived in the destination country... Actually I live in South Korea and already submitted right destination. So it is not a normal situation right? or should I wait for some days more?? please see (<url>"They are on strike and just settle last Saturday 6-Jul"...........I think that's why my Jamstik is still at German....... URL: <url>#1839 Is there anybody among oversea backers whose jamstik+ is stuck in Germany with no further notice? Have you solved this issue? Referring to the exchange below about latency.... One of the applications I had planned for was iPad with garage band... Are you saying garage band is high latency, the iPad is? The combination? This is definitely a concern/interest for me... Thanks!! I received mine on Friday. I updated firmware, and started jamming on Saturday. So far is really good. Zivix delivered what they promised. Thanks. Hello How can I get information for shipping? I thought it might took time to get jamstik+ (cuz I'm in Japan) but it looks much longer than I expected..:( Hi jamstik, able to check on my status of delivery. thank you so much! was told est. delivery date Jun 2015. Hello, please check on status of my shipment if you could. Thanks Got my Jamstik+ and so far I am liking the build quality and what this is trying to achieve. Unfortunately however I am facing latency issues particularly when attempting to play even slightly fast. It's actually quite distracting and happens no matter what app I use (Jamstik+ or GarageBand). I really want to like this product but right now I'd go so far as to say it's unusable for me. I'm not a beginner player and the latency is too much for me to ignore. Are there any plans to address this? I have tried everything - updated the firmware to the latest version, rebooted my phone several times, the Jamstik+ several times. I've even reinstalled Garage Band and Jamstik+ again on my phone. I get the same latency issue with my iPad as well. Me too. Transfered to Germany (Frankfurt) for more than a week with no further update from DHL, just sent an email to DHL and am waiting for their (DHL) reply.. shipped at 22.06.15 via DHL to Germany .For 8 days no update.And since 4 Days the consignment can´t be found. 12 days on the road ,and nothing happens. I'm patiently waiting for "we're shipping blue versions now". I know, middle to late July for me... For European backers, first you get tracking from DHL and then you may notification for a FedEx carrier, this seems to have problems finding the consignment, but keep looking back at the DHL as after 3 days the tracking movement was update for me... Can't wait to get my Jamstick+.. Very exciting. For people outside the US who are waiting for notifications - Saturday is Independence Day in the USA, so today is a national holiday - I imagine the staff at Zivix will probably be offline until Monday... Hello, I have not receve shipment notification yet. Could you check it for me? Merci! Hey Zivix folks. I emailed your "info" address about my shipment getting lost but haven't had a response. I'd appreciate it if you could reply. Thanks. I'm always torn because the level I pledged in says "first shipment" level but I was able to snag one late so I get both sides... Here's to hoping it comes soon anyway! Sounds like I should have tracking on it any time now! People wanting an update - this was posted 2 days ago (edited for relevance) *** White and Blue will be built and shipped in July, *** Lefties toward end of July/early August *** Black, the last ones are heading to the East Coast for individual packing and shipping today (Tuesday). *** Some overseas will be a bit longer due to various requirements *** All black (units) have been manufactured and tested and will be on their way to you soon! *** Many units are shipping today (Tuesday) so some will receive tracking within 24 hours I (Iain) am backer number 3023, and I'm in the UK so I expect to be near the end of the Black right-handed shipments. I will post here when I get my notification, and trust that will be a good benchmark for us all :-) Just wanted to see if there was a time frame for our unit to be shipped? We might have been a little higher on the backer count but we ordered the black and wanted to see how close it was to being here. Thanks. same as the rest. Backed and expected delivery by 'June 2015'. Not a coloured or lefty option so would have thought it's on its way now. Any further update would be appreciated :) For eight days, the message "en route to DHL eCommerce distribution Center".But since two days is only "Tracking impossible".Where is the package now? Hi Zivix team, I received the package today without any accessories .who should I contact? Sorry to ask same question. Is there any kind of update on possible shipping? Lots of firmware and hardware updates which are only of interest when you have a product. Hi Olivier C, sorry I hadn't understood that from your question, my apologies! Thx Lian, i know what's an accelerometer, but this feature was supposed to arrived with the Jamstick + and it's not yet implemented, neither in the app, so i am asking Zivix any news... Hope I gets the shipment notice today or tomorrow :) Hello, please check on status of my shipment if you could. Thanks. Hi, Still waiting to received my Jamstick+ Would be delivered before end of June ... And no news ! Did someone received his own in France? Can't wait any longer :-) Hi Olivier C - here is a link to an article explaining how accelerometers work - it mainly covers the iPhone but has a good general introduction before that - hope it's useful... <url>#, not even holding my breath yet... long way to go yet. I'm sure it's worth the wait. :) Hi, I'm also wondering about my shipment. Just to see if it will be arriving to me anytime soon. Cheers! Where my jamstik is going? I received my Shipping Notice at 22.06.But for six days there is noting like "En route to DHL eCommerce Distribution Center".Bring someone the parcel there by bycicle? hi. is there a place to track when my stik is getting shipped? just wanted to put out a public thank you to zivix for getting in touch with me to address some issues i was having and assembling a TEAM in the email chain to get consults going and offering everything from calling me to giving me your private telephone numbers to saying upfront that swapping me out for a new one is the plan if anything at all is wrong with mine! LOL... the response has been completely unexpected - especially from a kickstarter. the response has been soooo proactive, i'm trying to dial down my end so i don't end up abusing your overwhelming good will! :) anyway, your first tip right off the bat helped a lot - upgrading to the latest ios version made the sound issues with the js+ app disappear and general response has improved - look forward to confirming a few things when you guys hit me up again next week. anyway, thanks so much for being more than awesome and if your goal was to foster tremendous good will, mission accomplished! have a great weekend. This may be me being impatient but I still have not received any notification about shipping and was wondering if there was a way to estimate when I might get mine. I appreciate any help. Thomas hey zivix! got your private email. thank you for the super quick response and willingness to dive in with me to play around with settings and troubleshoot my setup. really appreciate it. will follow up with you through email to figure this out. thanks again for not only a great product but for standing behind it so resolutely. so i updated the firmware and performance and sound is pretty good! unfortunately, not on the jamstick+ app though! those guitar sounds are REALLLLLY anemic and does not at all put the jamstick+ in the best light! the electric guitar sounds in garageband sound terrific though and even things like putting your fingers down for a slap/stop are better handled in it. must confess that i'm a bit disappointed with the latency. i've found it virtually impossible to play any kind of fast, constant rhythm guitar on it. is this pretty much the limit to how tight the latency can be? if so it would be good of you guys to note it that for fast picking or fast rhythm guitar, the latency is enough to be a real impediment for fullspeed play. i think i'll still find it useful for midi input work but it's not quite the electronic guitar i was hoping for. Hi Andy Holmstom - Right-handed means that you strum/pick with your right hand and use the left hand on the frets to create the chords - so you should have ordered the default right-handed one. Sorry for my ignorance but I just got an unpleasant feeling that maybe I assumed to know right from left (silly me) and asked for the wrong type of jam stick :s Can someone pls explain witch is the right and left version? I am right handed and want to play with the guitar on the left side of my body, what type should I have ordered? Got my Jamstick several days ago. Awesome!! I'm enjoying this AMAZING piece of technology. So is my 8 year old son and another adult. What a well made product and a campaign here on KS that oozes integrity: THANK YOU!!! @ DJ Celtus - sorry, also can you let us know how long between getting your shipping notification and the actual delivery. I'm trying to set appropriate expectations and limit my excitement ;-) Hi @DJ Celtus - how did the process go with the importing into the UK? Did you have to pay extra for Customs & Royal Mail? Just received my Jamstik+ cant wait to try it out! Thanks Zivix team! :) Just unpacked and tried out my Jamstick+ and seem to have run into a problem. Connected with Jamstick+ app and did firmware upgrade, no problem. When I go to the new JamTutor app, my instrument changes from classical guitar to 12 string. I can't seem to get the new JamTutor to provide options for Classical or Roundback guitars. When I go back to the Jamstick+ app, the guitar is back to Classical. Am I missing something? Regards, David Oh my god, would you babies stop whining? Zivix said in the campaign, and has always been clear, that you would not be taking delivery of your jamsticks until early July, late August, depending on what you bought and where you are. This isn't Amazon you're dealing with here, and 1-day shipping was never promised. Stop cluttering up the comments with all this noise about shipping, so Zivix has enough time in the day to deal with real problems. Where is my Jamstik? CC is billed been a long wait, I feel taken here as we never get replies Mark in AZ Can you let me know when you are shipping my Jamstik please, to London. Thanks Hey I wanted to know where I am in the shipping line I ordered two jam sticks Hey guys, i have not received any notification of shipping ether. I do live in South Africa, and i am aware that some tracking numbers (like UPS for instance) don't work here. So please just let me know when it does ship. I CANT WAIT ANYMORE � Hi I haven't received any shipping notification as of recently so I'm wondering if it'll show up soon I still have not received any response as to how I should proceed without having BLE on any of my devices. I have an older macbook pro, don't own an ipad and use android for a phone. Am I out of luck with this thing? Can I get a refund? Was an early backer and have still not received shipping notification. What is going on? Refunds coming? I was one of the first 100 backers and I haven't even received a shipping notification yet. Any ideas as to when it's going to ship? Any info would be appreciated... thank you! Hi Peter Allen - I feel your pain! I'm in the same position as you and I'm in the 3000's - so you're not the last in the queue. Might be last but one, but, you know, you're not last! ;-) I am screwed. I was backer #148 but because I bought it with a softcase and I'm overseas it seems I'm at the back of the queue. I am eagerly waiting for Jamstik+ and chose black ones as they are promised to arrive early.. Is there a time horizon by which all the instruments are shipped. If my product is going to be delayed to July, I would love to change it to White. Please let me know about the shipping status. I was one of the few backers whose jamstik+ didn't work because of the firmware that compromised the jamstik+ connectivity or something like that... I'm waiting for the replacement, even though there was this unpleasant issue with mine, the team has responded fairly quickly, hopefully the replacement works well~ The jamTutor app was just updated on my devices! Arrived today.....was not sure what to expect but so far I find it fascinating and well worth the investment. Takes a little practice learning how to hold it but I think that comes from me actually playing guitar. Wired speakers and headphones work best otherwise expect a delay. Can't wait to start trying all the other special effects. Cool Ass Instrument!!! Got my Jamstik+! Questiong regarding the Real Wood engraved onlay kit, is this gonna be sent separately? As I am backer #1017, I should be qualified to get that stretch goal. Received my shipping notice!!!!! yeah!!!! I come from Europe May I know when international shipment take place? My Baker number is 205 @Jeff, I've been using the jamstik+ app along with the "Justin Guitar" beginner course. The jamstik+ app will still recognize chords as you play them and show you where your fingers are. Hope this helps. Hi @Zivix, 90% of the reason I got this was to learn (something I've always wanted but could just never latch onto traditional training), but this app update for JamTutor... :( Is there any other learning opportunities I can do in the meantime? Any update on when in July the blue units will ship? Backer 400, not received shipping confirmation yet, what gives? Backer 800.....received shipment notice.....getting excited!!!! Still have no update about my shipment yet, can someone please advice. Thanks Finally, received my shipping notice an hour ago. Great job @Zivix! Can't wait to play it when it arrived... Today I have received the email confirming the shipment of my Jamstick+. No doubt, Zivix is doing good business. Congratulations @creator for achieving the plan on time! I would like to see good planning skills in other kickstarter projects (I'm still waiting for 2 years delayed projects) So excited that lefties might get it in July!!!! Yay! Thanks For the hard work! Can't wait! Can I get an update on when I will receive my Jamstick? I was one of the first 200 to purchase but have not received any notices on mine being sent. Thanks Has anyone posted their opening of their Jamstik? Would love to see pics or vid. I am an early bird backer, ordered black without bag, haven't received shipping notification yet... When will I get my Jamstik+? @Adi Julianloo - I'm in Kansas. Did you return your backer questionnaire? Also, I ordered black so if you wanted one of the other colors maybe that could account for the delay. In any case I suggest messaging Matt on here--he was very prompt and courteous when I contacted him a month or so ago. @Dan, where are you located? I'm an early backer in West Coast and still haven't got my shipping notice... Whoa I just got a shipping notice, and my backer number is pretty darn high (mid 2000s I think). Honestly I was figuring it might get shipped in late July but looks like instead I'll have it in late June. I've backed a few KS projects that shipped later than estimated... never had one ship early before. Kudos guys! I´m also a early Bird Backer .I come from Germany and I didnt received my Stick. I`m an Early Bird backer...Anyone else from the UK or Europe received their Jamstik+ yet? Reading about other backers getting their jamstik+ has gotten me pretty excited to work with mine. Do we get tracking numbers when they ship out so we know when to expect it? @zivix thanks much for the info. yeah, would love to beta test the 64bit ios 9 version when you guys put it together. just let me know. So will it damage the Jamstick to try to set it up before the forthcoming firmware fix? Msmid - you do not want to put your personal address etc on this comment section .you may want to send them private message instead. To whom It may concern: I thought I was going to move by the time my order shipped. However, my move was delayed until june 29, 2015. Instead of shipping to 2255 S. Birch Street, Denver, CO 80222,Please re ship to (if shipped for delivery on or before June 29, 2015): 5775 W. Dartmouth Ave., apartment 4-202, Denver, CO 80227 Or Please re ship to (if shipped for delivery on or after June 30, 2015) 2255 S. Birch Street, Denver, CO 80222 Or call me before shipping to confirm delivery address. Thank you, Michael Smid 720 203-9123 Sent from my iPhone On Jun 12, 2015, at 3:02 PM, <email> wrote: Dear MSmid, Your Order #457 has shipped via USPS Priority Mail 9405515901411202899355 Please note it may take some time for the status of your shipment to correctly display online. Thankyou for your business, -The Jamstik Team Not receiving yet, no tracking number either. Got my jamstick+ ! Thanks zivix for being so Johnny on the spot with your deadlines. A lot of companies drop the ball on this, crowd funded or not. Just wanted to let you know that I'm running a dev early release of ios9 and the jamstick app crashes as soon as it is launched. Also, any attempt to use garage band with the Bluetooth midi sync functionality crashes garage band as well. Are you guys aware of this issue? It's an unreleased os so I'm fine with waiting for a fix but hopefully, this will be sorted by the time Apple launches the os proper. Played around with it a little bit on my friend's iPhone and I confess that it sounded pretty crappy - like someone playing a real guitar with their fingers not pressing the frets fully. Maybe this is something that the aborted firmware upgrade was meant to address? Anyway, I really want to like this so hoping for some good updates soon. Thanks. LH, thanks. You know I read the update, but misread part about JamTutor (cranial flatulence on that one). Emily- the creator said the new jam tutor is not available yet- waiting the okay from the Apple. Got my Jamstik+ yesterday and think it is great. Took a few minutes to realize that you have to switch what the sound is after pairing it with the App. Like Mike below, I wasn't able to get JamTutor to work, but I'm still a happy camper and know you guys will get that fixed. :) I picked the regular black model but my backer number is a high 2631, I'm in the UK, and I'm a troublesome lefty as well. I assume that means August (sigh), but any thoughts on whether that means early, mid or late in the month? #patienceofagrasshopper Anyone from Mexico or Southamerica that has already recieved the Jamstik+? I'd like to know if you're paying extra fee (import duty) and how much. Do the Kickstarter Jamstiks not come with strap or battery? Mine didn't. Can't wait to try this thing! I received my Jamstik+ today. Thank you for delivering so quickly. This is the first Kickstarter/Indiegogo that I've seen actually delivered on time. I briefly tested it but did not attempt to upgrade the firmware. I'll know to hold off until the next firmware release but would suggest you send another update out to inform others who may not be checking the comment board. Received my Jamstik+ about an hour ago, It was very nice to actually have it come in some form of after KS packaging. My first Jamstik was delivered in a plain white box. You wouldn't even know what was in it without opening the box. Will be waiting for the firmware fix before attempting to use it. Thank You @Zivix for again running a KS campaign successfully! What if you're not satisfied with your new JamStik+? Very happy to have received my Jamstick+ today. It works nicely with the Jamstik+ app but when I open the JamTutor app, there is no option to choose bluetooth like in the tutorial video. Is a new version of jamTutor still pending? Tried for an hour but my jamstik doesn't work, nothing was showing up under wifi... hopefully it gets fixed soon :) Exact same problem as Tai. iPhone won't acknowledge the device anymore and all I see now is the red indicator light. @Zivix I'm backer #1017 but my pledge is the Early Bird one which will be delivered this June. Will I be expecting the same? As I haven't received any shipment mail yet. Thanks! @Zivix what does "requiring strict specific guidelines" mean exactly? Does it mean, they are waiting for all the manufacturing of international orders are completed before they bother to ship anything??? Hi there My backer no is #287 When can i get my jamstick? Cheers Philip Im in New York US. Tai- may I know where is your location? @creator - is there anyway to get tracking number? Hi. I just received the guitar. Im having problem after the software update, the LED stays red and not allowing me to connect back to the phone Thee best kickstarter project I have ever backed. Awesome updates and communication. Thanks! I'm curious about how strings work? They will have to be changed sometime won't they? If so then do you need special strings to do so? Sorry if this question is already answered. thanks for the answer, I'm up for it! :D How do the woodchucks work? Are they optional/removable. I ordered the blue jamstik and I am uncertain how it would look with it on. I appreciate the wood inlay surprise but more important I appreciate the regular updates for your backers. You know how to run a kickstarter plan. Appreciate all the hard work and thank you again First Day backer... got my shipping notice - wahoo! Mine has shipped too! Thanks @Zivix! So has mine! Mine has shipped! WOOHOO! Thanks @Zivix!!! SO EXCITED! I have backer #77 but haven't seen the unit yet... Apps look great! Can't wait to get it and use them. The jamTutor looks a little stretched on my iPhone 6 plus, but that's just nitpicky. Time to jam!! � @Remiam: Thx for this Info! @Zivix: Mine is #3281, i'm a last second backer ;) Will i receive the shipment before Mid of August? For anyone asking about backer no. If on a PC/Mac go to your backer history and it should show. If in iPhone/iPad at the bottom of the Jamstik+ KS page click on View Pledge and it will show at the top. Backer no. 3 here not that it is relevant though! Is there any way to know what my backer number is? @Zivix ? would so love a backer # and update, this was my B-Day present for April. I think I ordered very early? @Zivix @Zivix, Any chance I could get my backer # and shipping estimate as well? :) as others have posted...No problem if not, I know you guys/gals are pretty busy right about now! You can disregard my question found the answer in your FAQs. @Zivix, Any chance I could get my backer # and shipping estimate? :) No problem if not, I know you guys/gals are pretty busy right about now! Idk if this question has been answered or asked, but I'm wondering if for us backers that are not apple users will you be making the app available on the PlayStore ? So how do I know what my backer number is? As backer number (fill in some huge, really big, number), I'm pretty excited too. As long as I have it before my trip in August, I'm a happy camper... :) @zivix. I'm so thrilled that the end is near. As backer #314 would you think I'd be I the first shipments? Hoping hoping... Thanks for all your hard work, I can hardly wait. @zivix I am moving July 10th. Do I need to change my address on my survey form? I was just wondering if you received my survey results? I look forward to getting this in my hands.... Hey guys, do you know the exact date you'd be shipping out the jamstiks in June (I'm an early backer). I just want to make sure I give you the appropriate address. Thanks! How do I know that I'm listed in 1,250? How fast is the shipping? I`m moving to Canada in early August and i would like to know if the Jamstick would arrive before to Chile? Best wishes! Rolando @Kelly - Stop what you are doing and play some air guitar for a second, don’t think about it, just do it. Did you strum with your left or right hand? If you strummed with your left hand you should play left handed, and in the same way if you strummed with your right hand you should play right handed. Simple right? Another easy test is to watch how you clap your hands – the hand that does all (or most of) the movement is the hand that you should strum with. People often assume that your dominant hand should be performing the “more complex” fretting job – however I generally have found that this is not the case. In my opinion the picking hand needs more precise coordination than the fretting hand. The shipping charge for 50 buks is too expensive. Please reconsider it, thanks. Can someone confirm what is the different between the Left-handed and Right-handed jamstik+? If I use my left hand to play the fret board and my right hand to strum the strings, does that mean I should order the right-hand jamstik+? thanks :) @creator I never play guitar at all so I m not sure what different LH and RH mean for guitar? I am RH writing or do most of stuff. B/C of the VAT and Duty fees, I need to receive my Jamstik+ as a gift, same reason as Gareth. Sorry that was supposed to say "fret-based". I have a weird question, my apologies if this has been answered before. As this is a digital instrument it's impressive that you're supporting bending and vibrato if I understand correctly. In addition to that, does the instrument support harmonics like a standard guitar (both feet based or pinch harmonics)? Just curious as I'm not even sure that would be technically possible. Really looking forward to getting my Jamstik+! I backed a black Jamstick+ with a case, but the Blue looks ****'! Can I change colors? DJ Celtus, I don't think you can use a traditional pedal for Jamstik+, but there are some pedals that work trough iOS apps. I would try Jamstik+, +Sampletank, +Audiobus, +JamUp app (as effect), +AirTurn Pedal. <url>"reward tiers" for the different agreed levels of funding. There is no contract agreement for you to supply a product, but there is a contract for you to honour the "reward" for that particular tier of funding commitment. No where does it say that the funding is for a product or that a contract in made that specifically states that you are "purchasing" goods from a retailer/seller. So I am now actually thinking that what I put in my original message is correct, as this is a "reward" for backing the project - not purchasing a product. The shipping therefore, could/should legally be marked as "Gift" as no money has been exchanged for the item. There will still be an element of VAT on the item dependant on how much Zivix wants to insure the item during shipping, but it wouldn't be as much as the full VAT on a purchased consumer item as you would value it at cost (not rrp). Please could you seek further advice on this and let me know if you could mark the item as "Gift" this way. I already own your original Jamstik and love everything about it... can't wait to get the +! Any more info about the competition give away? Are we still on time with the June delivery schedule? Will there be any difference in the cases for the original jamstick and the jamstick+? I didn't pick a pledge with a case, but now I'm thinking that was a bit of a mistake. Would buying the current case be silly? Alternatively, would there be a way to buy a new case and have it added to the shipment when it goes out? I'm a lefty so I know it won't be soon... despite planning on a black model. :-/ @Gareth Johns + 1 Well said, sir. Totally agree with you. In all fairness that's the smart thing to do. Congratuation! I'm looking forward to choose a color of Congratuation! I'm looking forward to choose a color of Thanks for the clear explanation. Black will be just fine! July would be nice too. @Peter I think Zivix would rather you message you directly about this issue because every case is slightly different. You can click their name logo on the Campaign page then Contact, or just click here... <url>£135. Waoh... What's this about having to pay VAT on my jamstik because I live in the UK? I didn't buy a Jamstik.... Did I...? I thought that we were backing a worth while project and as a "reward" I am being sent a jamstik as a gift from zivix... I never purchased a jamstik, if I was going to do that, I would go to the zivix website directly and put in my pre-order. Zivix, please confirm that you will be sending my Jamstik+ as a gift, not as a purchased item. How's the result of the competition? Zivix, thank you for your answer about certification. In this case I prefer to wait until you certify Jamstik for Russia if you plan to do it. I believe our customs will never let me get it without EAC. And they won't send it back to you. They will confiscate it as simple as it is. What do you think, how long certification process is going to take? Trying this again: I ordered black as I wanted delivery ASAP, but later I noticed that us lefties will have to wait until August anyway. Will I be able to change to a colour when I make my lefty choice? G'day Zivix. Any news on the results of the competition? When you ship to those outside the US (Singapore) could you please list the plain value without adding the postage? We want to avoid paying extra.. Congratulations Zivix. I am very excited about Jamstik+ I have a regular acoustic guitar but never got to use it as I couldn't find time to go to a class. I guess I will finally be learning to play beginning this June. Dear Zivix, if Jamstik certified for Russia? I guess that certification for EU does not work in our territory :( Congratulations Zivix, a result well deserved! @Keith; Good call, that`s something which i hope they can make possible. I'm so looking forward to this! Congratulations. When you ship to those outside the US (certainly for the UK and EU) could you please list the plain value without adding the postage? I know there's no legal way to avoid VAT and duty, but it's galling to pay that on the delivery charge too. I don't want to pay specifically goods-based tax for a basic service! ZIVIX! Congrats! I can't wait to get the Jamstik+! The original Jamstik is awesome already! I just had a quick question. Do you still need to have to jamstik app open then switch to another app for the jamstik+? Hi, guys! Congratulations! I have some worries about shipment. I'm from Russia. Have you ever ship to Russia? Was that experience successful? I'm not sure about our customs rules and VAT. It's too bad they won't be shipping inside the EU from an EU address. That could probably have been a way to avoid people getting hit too hard by extra cost. I ordered black as I wanted delivery ASAP, but later I noticed that us lefties will have to wait until August anyway. Will I be able to change to a colour when I make my lefty choice? Congratulations! 16 x your goal is a real success. Good luck! Congrats, cant wait to hold that thing in my hands and see you folks growing! However, the delivery to EU mind become an issue. DJ and Ron already mentioned that it would be great to name it gift, as it really is one in my case. You think you will make the promised dates of delivery? Cheers, Max @Ron van der Vorm; I`m in the same position, get ripped off here in the UK when buying products from the US. Import Duty+Packaging, then pay VAT on the duty, packaging, insurance costs. PLus to make it even worse, there is also a hefty administration surcharge from the courier or postal service for holding the item due to outstanding payment of the customs duty. I find it hard to believe that Zivix as a company would risk altering or misleading the shipment documentation as it is an criminal offence, and could face serious repercussion for doing so. But wishful thinking. However, we are all going to get bitten by it sadly. Congratulations! I'm really proud to be part of that team that helped out with Jamstik+! And I believe I'll be proud much more when I will hold my white Jamstik+ by my hands! First of all - congrats! Looking forward getting my hands on it! As for the earlier statement about import duty/VAT handling for EU backers - can you do us a favor? If you put the word "GIFT" on the package before shipment - there are more chances for EU backers that the package when entering the EU Customs will sent it through without charging extra VAT. Can you confirm this can be done? :-) Amazing... Well done to everyone! So happy to be a part of this and amazing to see the project unfold. So what's the plan for the Jamstik 3? :) Shared on Facebook! Congratulations! Now, I can hardly wait to hear updates of moving to production. Awesome campaign. Cheers to you all. congratulation :) One last "eleventh hour" share for the project... to the local musical instrument shop.... hoping now they'll jump on board. :-) @Creator - Thank you for the answer. 9hrs to go! Another question, for the lefty mode, is the bridge symmetric and reversible? Will I be able to re-string to right-handed mode if I decide to give it to someone else later. Thanks again! Woohoo, 10 hours to go. Jonesing for my Jamstik+... can hardly wait! @dethpickle & @Zivix: imagine having custom neck and faceplate with the different frets, that would be interesting and becoming a modular system. Even violin players might be able to use this. maybe a next development? Why is shipping different prices for different support levels of the same product? It is $25 for the early bird 48hr level and $15 for the non 48hr equivalent. Why are early backers being charged more? Almost in the home stretch. Hey Dethpickle, you do realize this is a MIDI controller right? No? Looks like you guys and gals at Zivix are going to peg the $800k level. Truly astounding!!! @Zivix - Regarding Bass settings - this is something I'm definitely hoping for. I've looked through the old comments and support forums for the original Jamstik and have been content to be quiet about it because one support comment basically said - "if there are specific tunings you're interested in, we can do that. Arbitrary user tunings would be more difficult." With that being the case, I've figured you either would ship with or would quickly add bass style tuning. Basically, every string tuned in 4ths with a low B. BEADGC It'd make the jamstik a nice, portable 6-string bass. Precisely why I got it... that and to doodle with learning guitar. Could you add a small dot on the 3rd and 5th frets to replicate a real guitar? I understand you can't cover the IR sensors on the actual fret board, but could you put something down the edge of the neck maybe? I stuck little stickers on my original Jamstik and it really helped (I'm a guitar learner) Anyone here making custom skins for these beauties? I'm impressed! 173 Jamstik+ units donated thus far, for those of you playing at home. My guess at end of campaign is 201 donated. :-) Does the jamstik+ have an 'aeroplane mode' so that it may be used on flights? Shared on Twitter :) How is the import duty/VAT handled for an EU backer? Just wondering if there there is a bass guitar setting for it? I got one of the jamstik+ The SmartGuitar early bird ($199), can I add an additional Custom Soft Case to my pledge? I thought it will be easier to carry it if I have one of the case... Thanks! How do I know wha number of backer I am, and what stretch goals I qualify for? I am absolutely stoked on getting these! @Zivix Some more of your pledge levels have sold out, that don't yet have the banner on them. Just letting you know. <url>~ Wow, totally awesome how this has gone, and love that Jamstiks are going into educational settings. Can hardly wait for the campaign to end to get my Jamstik, but also enjoying the ride and watching it grow. Shared on Twitter (and Google+ for good measure) Can't wait to see what the white ones look like in person... Good luck everybody. 150 Donated!!!! Yes! 149 donated!!!!... What's the stretch goal??? Doing math we are at 141 jamstik + donated, we will reech soon the 150 mark. Let's imagine what the new stretch goal could be. Tweeted support.... <url>"share two, get one free" special today... So I also added it to Pinterest. I am looking forward to learning how to play guitar, a free jamstik would be wonderful. shared on FB as well. can't wait to get mine. Posted a Twitter link Cool beans In specifying a lefty model, will the buttons be moved to the other side of the Jamstick+ so that they appear topside (or are there any plans to do so)? You mentioned the strap not being ideal; could you please elaborate? Zivix contacted MassiveBeatzz and politely requested the title of his YouTube review be changed. He kindly accepted. Case closed. Thanks REQUEST.. Please message MassiveBeatzz to revise his YouTube video review of the JamStik. Message him here.. <url>"ON'T BUY" Video Review is here <url>"don't buy" conclusion in the title to the video...And says this.."thanks Christopher for this really detailed piece and resources. Much appreciated - does make sense, and I had a feeling that that's something that will eventually get smoothed out. Piano worked a lot better than Massive. I think Jamstik could be a great tool for composers/producers in the Virtual Instrument Arena with Logic, Pro Tools, Ableton, Maschine etc - on top of iOS functionality! I'll be sure to keep following!" COMPLETELY OPPOSITE TO THE VIDEO TITLE!! Please write this guy and request him to revise his video. SIMPLY UNFAIR and is discouraging people from considering this fantastic device. RMM Will the jamstick+ be able to upgrade firmware? I know there is a big difference between the jamstick v1 and the plus I that the plus now works with Bluetooth and not just with wifi giving us more options and that, it has a gyroscope now, but to make it more plus, wouldn't it better and more advance to have a digital screen to see were he have set the octaves and to better see of other settings instead of guessing or better yet a touch screen? Or can we do this on the apps? This needs a pad below the strum chords or body to tap on so we can start learning songs like the ones played on candyrat.com by Antoine Dafour or Andy Mckee Is jamstik+ compatible with android? Just backed and super excited! Any way I can delay shipment of mine? Silly question I know but I will be moving sometime in July. Thanks again!! I'm hoping this does the trick for me I've tried to learn guitar for years but I have no sense of rhythm and just could never play songs well. I want to play very much but totally lack talent. I'm psyched to start learning guitar with Jamstik+, but I'm wondering if you've got plans to Jamstik-ify any other kind of picked string instruments. Banjo? Mandolin? Bass guitar? I'd love to expand my strumming horizons with your future product(s). How is the lag for this device? From what I heard from previous jamstik reviews, there is a small but noticible lag from strumming to sound playback. This is very important I would also like to back the other 29$ stuff, would appreciate to know how to do so i have already backed the 279$ pledge. In addition to that i need to back 29$ or more for t-shirt and other stuffs. But, i am unable to choose 2 pledges. can anyone clarify? Are you guys ever going to be selling your jampacks in the near future? Can th people who backed your jamstick+ buy a case for it later or on your website? Are the batteries interchangeable between the Jamstik and The jamstik +? Come on Zivix, tell us more about the accelerometer motion control please ! I'm excited for me and my 7yr old! we have guitars and base g's but they are too big and too heavy for her, so I think this is perfect! plus we have neighbors above and beside us, so we don't get to play as much as we want, and not at night (grrr). I guess the only thing is I'm stuck to iphone now (i was thinking of switching to android before), but that is not a problem :) This user's account has been deleted. @eike f. hübner The apps can run on mobile devices that run iOS 7.0 or later. With that said, the minimum device the app can run on is an ipad 2. For best graphics and performance it is recommended to run on an iPad 3 or later. I am not aware of graphical issues for an iphone 6. If you think it is a big enough issue, maybe send some screen grabs to <email> so it can be addressed in an update? I am looking forward to this. I wanted to learn playing guitar for so long. I really wish for this might be cool (and easy). I downloaded the apps because I was curious. Function-wise it looks ok, but there is something wrong with the graphics. Text is not crisp, images are distorted. Everything looks very pixelated. It is bad on iphone 6 and worse on ipad 2. Could anybody confirm? And can the creator say something about this? Thank you. @Alan The creators have addressed this in some earlier posts, but essentially the answer is yes - they are ready to go on other platforms as soon as those platforms can support the low latency MIDI connections they need. @Ruth Previous comments from the creators mention that they will be addressing the Lefty question very soon. I am confident that they do intend to support a lefty version - stay tuned! The Jamstik is definitely worth the wait!! Any intention to support android and windows devices? @Joseph Nacionales yes, the interactive lesson apps are free Jamstik* Just checking nut are the lessons for learning to play guitar free when you buy a jamstixs very excited to get into this jamstick. going to be practicing some jack johnson... Are they going to create left handed Jam sticks? I think I can answer myself. The problem that I observed with a midi keyboard is that I can't emulate the hexaphonic polyphony of the strings. That's why I suppose that the main advantage of the Jamstik+ as a midi guitar is the addition of a hexaphonic pickup to having not only the note but also digitalized vibration of each string on the MIDI format. For the emulation of palm-mute technique I suppose that the mute button will be used for, but after all if you have the hexaphonic pickup you will require also to stop the vibration of the strings. I'm not very good playing music with my guitar or midi keyboard but enjoy it very much. For me as many others music is part of my life how I understand the world the emotions and many other feelings. When I left my parents home ten years ago I took with me my guitar but I left there amplifiers and other big stuff and replaced it with a external sound card and a software for PC to use as a amplifier. I know there are several options to connect the real guitar in the Ipad / Iphone but after all I always find a excuse to not to take out the guitar of the case and find a place where not to disrupt to my wife playing music. Then I saw the Jamstik+. I know before about midi guitars but many of them don't use real strings and are more like a keyboard in a guitar form. Ony one question @Creator. Does the Jamstik+ (and the properly software) give the same audio possibilities like a real guitar? I tried to play string instruments with a midi keyboard (with expression pedal) and find always that the transitions doesn't sound like a real string instrument because is not easy to bend, palm muting techniques or other guitar techniques. Maybe is a noob question because I didn't try before any midi guitar only midi keyborads. I'm very eager about the Jamstik+ and really want to have it here to start learning again and playing again with the music. Thank you! Congratulations for almost reaching 100 donations. If accelerometer and motion tracker are added, what can we do with them? Can u show us a kind of simple sketch?? @Timofey Lukinov The jamstik has an app you will be able to download for free to configure features of the jamstik such as tunings, capo, and assign shortcuts to the dpad. I hope there will be possibility to play jamstick in different guitar tunings. I understand that it charges via micro USB, but can it play through that too? My primary computer right now is a PC with no Bluetooth and I still want to record. I have a pre-amp if this had a standard jack on it. Looking forward to more information about left-handed capabilities of jamstick as well! :) @creator Thanks for the info! 851762-0050 is a nice category, looks like one of those 0% ones. So only VAT and handling, which is around $70 in my case. Helps with budgetting :D Just wondering if the Jamstik works with an EBow? Can't wait to get my jam Stik in July. Hopefully something will change in the coming months and we can all get them sooner. It's been a amazing experience watching this campaign grown and do so well. That being said The Rex Foundation is vote for donating some jam stiks. Good Morning Jamstik world! I just wanted to take a minute to say "THANK YOU!" your support of music education. As a music educator, I am truly excited about the possibilities that the Jamstik can open up for my students. Yes, it is an amazing tool for the accomplished guitarist. Yes it is an awesome MIDI controller. But for me, it is the perfect key to unlock that first door to playing fretted instruments for my students! Jamstik is finally allowing me to create the classroom guitar lab that I have been dreaming of for years! The value of a tool that can provide immediate feedback on fingerposition is priceless. That it comes in a durable, compact, affordable package is perfection. The apps are well designed, totally interactive and engaging. I've been able to begin introducing Jamstik to my elementary music classes on a limited basis and it has been a wonderful experience for all of us. I can't tell you how excited my students are about the possibility of having a full lab next year! Again - many thanks to Zivix and to all of the Kickstarter backers- your support for music education is greatly appreciated!! For those of you who have wondered if Jamstik will teach you to play guitar - I can't say that it will do it for you, but it will give you the perfect tools to learn at your own pace, in your own space. You'll be mastering your favorite songs in no time. And you'll never outgrow your Jamstik - it will always be the perfect travel companion to keep your chops sharp. And when you are ready to start writing your own music and experimenting with your sound, it is still an amazing MIDI controller! Reviews of the 1st version often describe the notifceable lag between the time you strum the Jamstik and when it shows on the ipad and making even jam tutor game in accurate. How does the newer version improve on this ? Does it matter if I use an Ipad2 vs the latest iPhone 6 or Ipad Air 2 etc i.e. How does performance of the ipad/iphone impact the Jamstik+ experience ? Can't wait any longer!!! @Creators, could it be possible to have pictures (or renders) with the different colors with the wood kit. To help us decide witch colors we choose. Thanks. And same concern with other backers with the handling of EU shipping, VAT etc I have a few questions regarding shipment of the product, I hope someone would be willing to answer them. From which country will the Jamstik+ ship? All from the US, or will you ship rewards for EU backers from within the EU? And which company do you use for shipments? I assume the TARIC code will be 9207.90.1000 (electrical guitars), but could you confirm? Trying to work out how much will be added for duties, taxes and handling fees – it might add up quickly ;) While I've got your undivided attention makers of Jamstik... I love your product, however, from a professional guitarists point of view, in the future you should consider making a Jamstik model with not five frets but seven frets in neck length. The reason is you would then be able to do hammer-ons on the neck in triplets ala Eddie Van Halen's tapping technique. Adding two more frets you would be able to do hammer-ons in ANY musical scale. And if you ever DO create such a model, I want to be first on your mailing list. Looking forward though to my five fret model. @ Oliver Meads "While the jamstik+ apps are developed in cross-platform code, Android platform compatibility is driven by hardware and Android's prioritization of MIDI and audio. Until these issues are resolved universally through future changes to the Android OS, it's a compromised affair." For more information, please see the FAQ. Is there any thoughts on an android app? Will save me having to steal my wife's iPad! Another lefty checking in. I would ultimately prefer being able to restring it easily and either flip the pickup around or flip the polarity in the software. Also; hows the delay with BT4.0 on an iPhone 6+? @PemrichT If you check jamstik.com, click on jamstik>compatibile apps for a list. @Susy Sánchez The strings are real guitar strings and can be replaced. Company site has replacements you can order if by chance you do manage to break a string. This may be a dumb question but how durable are the strings? what happens if by some reason a string breaks? can you replace it? I almost passed on this thinking it was a toy and then learned that it is EXACTLY what I've been looking for in the studio. (this video on youtube was what sold me on supporting your Kickstarter project <url>� Hi, awesome idea, I've never played guitar before, will it be easy for me to learn with the Jamstik on my own? I can't wait for my Jamstik and start learning!:) @Vincent Mah. I have the original Jamstik from their first campaign and have had zero problems with transport. If this one is similar in construction then it is built sturdy and solid. Hey all, Matt from Zivix here. Thank you so much for such a positive response and turnout today! Wanted to let you know that we'll have a detailed FAQ up tomorrow and yes, there will be stretch goals.. keep the ideas coming. Vincent, the jamstik+ is quite durable but we love the case to keep it clean and it provides a good home for it. You can always buy one from our website later on if you don't want to decide now, but it's a pretty good deal here. Talk to you soon! How fragile is the device, is a carrying case a necessary accessory? How about more detailed pictures on the carrying case. @Remiam: thank you for the answer! :-) @Alexandra Herzog. I was told by the creator that there would be a software switch capability for left handers and to watch for info in the FAQ coming soon. Hello! Great product! Would it work with a left-handed person? :-) One of the stretch goals should be an Android app This user's account has been deleted. Sure is a much different start. Awesome, with out even trying the campaign was fully funded.... Can't wait to start practicing.... Just wondering will there be any stretch goals?