Joey is our zero-compromise professional quality panoramic camera, allowing capture, broadcast, and live two-way teleconferencing in unprecedented 360º quality at up to 4K resolution. We've been working on it for the last two and a half years, and with your help, we'll bring it to market at an insanely low price. Incredible Power, Amazing Simplicity Built around a Snapdragon™ 800 quad core processor on a board of our own design, Joey runs our proprietary JoeyCapture software, and features an integrated 13 megapixel sensor capable of capturing 30fps 360º video at the astounding resolution of 3840x720, free from the seams and color irregularities which plague multi-cam panoramic solutions. And all of this power is easily accessible via our intuitive touchscreen interface on Joey's beautiful built-in 4" display. More than Just a Camera Joey integrates seamlessly into our online panoramic video ecosystem at kogeto.com, allowing users to instantly share 360º video with friends and colleagues, or easily integrate them into their own website, social media feed, content management system or evaluation system. Using our panoramic player for iOS or Android, you can develop your own 360º applications using the unprecedented quality that Joey provides. Join Team Joey Your support will help us finalize the software, test and certify the hardware, and manufacture our initial run. And we can't wait. With the successful completion of our Kickstarter campaign, this week you can now preorder Joey (which we're now calling Jō) on our web store here: <url>º camera with a hard drive they sell under the same name. So in the interest of keeping everyone happy, we've decided to let Joey grow up and just be called Jō. Backers, look for an update later this week on all of the exciting developments as we're moving closer to manufacturing - it's been a very busy couple of weeks! With just over 24 hours left in our campaign, we wanted to take a moment to thank you all for supporting us. As we continue to finesse our prototypes and move into tooling, it's been a great part of each day to check kickstarter, answer your questions, and talk with you all about how best to use your Joeys when we ship them to you. Thanks so much for being part of the team. Because so many people have been asking about J-Drive, in our final 24 hours we've added a funding tier that gets you a Joey+J-Drive for only $1150 - which is still less than the anticipated retail price of a Joey when we ship in December. Check it out and please tell your friends! For those of you in the NYC area this evening (October 16th), CEO Jeff Glasse (and one of the two Dans) will be showing Joey at the NY Video Meetup at 6:30 . Come see Joey in person and talk to the people who have neglected family and friends to make it all a reality. More info at <url>º videos with stunning lateral motion. Get your Joey/Nebo Motion Pack today! MaxMyTV Announces Joey Compatibility Our partners at MaxMyTV , which includes several of the hardware engineers who have worked on Joey, have launched their kickstarter campaign for their amazing set-top box which incorporates social media, sensors, and video cameras in a powerful yet compact package that turns your TV into a full-fledged media hub &amp; home security center. More excitingly, MaxMyTV has announced that their hardware will be fully Joey compatible , and allow you to view 360º video footage from Joey remotely on your TV . Check them out today! We're really enjoying all of your feedback as we move into the final week of our Kickstarter campaign. Please continue to spread the word, and thanks for being on Team Joey! Jeff and the Kogeto Team Howdy Kickstarteronians! Just a week into our campaign and Joey is already 67% funded! Huzzah! We thought we'd give you an update on the latest shenanigans in and around the Kogeto offices as we work to move Joey from prototype to shipping product. It's been a busy week, as we continue to test our Joey prototypes in the field and continue to add features to the software, but we still found the time to drop by DroidConNYC and show our latest Joey prototypes, as well as some Joey-captured content on our Oculus. Despite the fact that his was the first DroidCon in the U.S., there were some heavy hitters at the show: And we were there in force... ..making sure to bring all of our toys: We loved showing off the Joeys capturing live, and Joey captured content in the Divergent iPad app, but by far the most fun was to watch people get lost in the Joey-captured footage on the Oculus Rift: It was a great chance to show Joey live and in person, and we got a ton of great ideas from some very smart and engaged Android developers. We'll see you again, 'Droidcon! We're so excited to be launching our kickstarter campaign after a very, very long time developing Joey behind closed doors. We're looking forward to the next 30 days and very much hope you will decide to join us on Team Joey. Cheers, the Kogeto team @ sherman: yes! Jō uses a standard tripod mount, and can be mounted upside down on a tabletop, support beam, or even a drone. @ Sengsouriya Vongmany: Jo uses a 5 volt, 2 amp microUSB power supply. We will ship an external battery which will power the unit for a full day of recording. @ sherman: thank you for supporting us! @ Karl Heinz Landwehr: it's a fair criticism, and we'll do a much better job in the days and weeks to come. (Long Overdue) update posted. Sorry for the long delay, folks, but I promise we'll be much more responsive in the coming days and weeks. Feel free to message us any questions! @Karl Heinz Landwehr: Apologies- update posting today shermann, We're still determining exact field of view and we tune the optical system for manufacturing - you can get a very good sense of it by looking at the examples posted at kogeto.com We're not sure we understand your question re offset. email us at <email> for more info. Eric, Great questions! Answers below, which are also now located in our project FAQ: What Resolution can Joey capture? Joey captures panoramic video at resolutions up to 3840x720, though we will indeed be offering lower resolution modes for space and bandwidth considerations. We're still establishing the lower resolutions Joey will offer - this is one of the reasons we want to offer a beta program; so we can work with users to explore the best settings. Can Joey capture pictures as well as video? While Joey is primarily designed for video capture, we will allow export & sharing of still images as well. What kind of storage does Joey provide? Internal memory: 2GB External storage - 2 USB2; 1 USB3; 1 SD memory card. What other forms of connectivity are included? Joey has integrated Wifi and bluetooth functionality, as well as an HDMI port for external 4K display. What is J-Drive? J-Drive connects to the USB3 port, and will ship in 2 and 4 terabyte configurations. You can also use third party USB3 drives for storage; the advantage of J-Drive is that it attaches directly to Joey, allowing mounting of Joey+J-Drive on a standard tripod mount. See the picture o How much does Joey weigh? Weight is still being determined as we source final parts, but the prototype is less than two pounds. Is Joey waterproof? Like all of our products, Joey is designed to be water resistant, though it is not waterproof - do NOT take your Joey under water! Does Joey have an internal battery? Joey does have an internal battery that will allow capture to internal storage or SD card for about an hour. We will also offer a larger external battery pack which will provide several hours of field recording without the need for extra power. When will Joey ship? We expect to begin shipments in December 2014. What warrantee do you offer? We stand behind all of our products with a full service one year warrantee. Thanks, Alan. We can't wait to see what you capture with your Joey! Andy, We hear you about the importance of industrial design -it's something we take pretty seriously. In all honesty, Joey's design is driven almost entirely by the pragmatic requirements of a professional panoramic capture solution - think less of consumer products than professional video cameras, and you'll see what we're shooting for with the design. The "blender like" appearance is not coincidental - like a blender, Joey's radially symmetric physical appearance is a matter of pure function, not aesthetics. And the angled touchscreen which seems to echo the button panel of most blenders sold in the last fifty years? Also driven by user testing - the design goal is to put professional quality panoramic video capture into the hands of people at a very low price point, and allow easy integration into existing production workflows. That said, we expect that Joey grow into a full line of products, and we have some very interesting ideas on the table for a lower-end consumer model which will integrate the design ideas you've discussed here. But with Joey we were shooting for a functional, no-compromise 4K video capture solution with no seams and superb ease of use. I think you'll find that when your Joey ships! Hoping this answers your (well voiced) concerns, and very happy to have you on Team Joey. @Ashgill: That js the plan, yes. This is so sad. ?????????????????????? @Alan Lau, he is not dead, he is enjoying the good life riding around on his boat that I fear we may have bought him. <url>"Post comment: Be respectful and considerate." - It is slowly difficult for me. @Jeff: Is there news? What is the problem to speak to us? L U N A - The World's Smallest 360º Camera [<url>#/] Luna is a 360° camera designed for everyone. Handy, and with a single-button operation, Luna makes shooting in 360° as easy as taking photos with your phone. Using a dual 190° fish-eye lens technology, Luna has no moving parts, allowing it to be small and sturdy. Waterproof, with gyro-stabilization, and a host of accessories, Luna is a perfect companion for your adventures, memories, and creativity. In built wi-fi allows you to interactively preview 360° footage on your smartphone, immediately and wirelessly save it on your devices, share it on social media, and even live-stream moments in 360°. With Luna Cardboard and Luna’s mobile app, you can even view your videos in immersive virtual reality. No camera rigs. No stitching. No cables. 360° video at the click of a button. ------------------------------------------------------------------ The only snag for me is estimated delivery: October 2016 for the $249 version. I will wait. I think Jeff Glasse is more happy... So, happy NY everybody. Another high profile KS project - Zano, has gone bust. At least they have the decency to announce it instead of hiding from us. <url>° camera like the Jo, which you originally filed in 2012. <url>° Have you ever missed filming something amazing because it happened out of frame? Never miss a thing when recording in 360° The actioncam360 is designed to work with your favourite action camera without any modifications needed to the camera. Simply place your camera into our special housing and record video as normal then upload the footage to your computer and view in fully interactive 360 ° with the included player. <url>"Mail Order Rule," requires that marketers who solicit buyers to order merchandise through mail or telephone must have a reasonable basis to expect that they can ship ordered merchandise within the time frame they advertise, or, if no time frame is specified, within 30 days. The Rule also requires that, when a seller cannot ship within the promised time, the seller must obtain the buyer’s consent to a delay in shipping or refund payment for the unshipped merchandise. Clarify that the Rule covers all orders placed over the Internet. Jeff, time to refund everyone. While waiting for Jo, check out Sphericam 2 (<url>º camera that allows you to capture absolutely everything around you in high resolution without any blind spots. Six cameras work seamlessly together to capture the world around you in stunning 4K resolution. The last update was in April. It is coming to end of June. It is amazing that there appears to be no sense of duty owed to backers who funded this project. Hard work on the project should not be an excuse. Is the project creator alive? Jeff, Need the money back from my pledge for the Jo. Going through my bank to reverse the charge at the moment. I recommend others do this as well to send a message. Dude, you guys should deliver the joint partner product. I pledge the nebo, and I am not getting anything specially the other pledger from nebo kickstarter already got them on the door step. Worst of all, you are not keeping in touch with them. And they are still waiting for your reply!!! I want my money, they are willing to give me the product for the money I've paid to you!!! Refund my money, 8 months and NOTHING. This is a joke. Please immediately cancel my Kickstarter contribution and refund the full amount of my $780 pledge. Non delivery, no updates to me or to many others, hardware already out of date compared to other systems available. Ben Shedd @Sengsouriya Vongmany , thanks for the links. The videos are not bad via the player but they are not particularly ground-breakingly dissimilar, different or better than full motion 360º video output from Bublcam and 360cam. They are more immersive than these. Moreover, 360cam outputs in 4K and 2K modes, according to the project creator. And Bublcam is a true 360º x 360º surround view spherical video camera - you can actually pan 360º in any direction, including skywards and downwards - a distinct limitation of Joey. I found videos <url>’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’ve reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Willis PLEASE SUPPORT ME WITH YOUR COMMENTS TO KICKSTARTER. Definitely does not appear to be any attempt to deliver the product to backers and no information provided. Well worth reporting to Kickstarter and emailing Jeff directly to request refund. I will write to Kickstarter today about the behaviour of Jeff and his team. The more backers will do the same, the more we might achieve. I must say this is one of the most disappointing project I've ever backed. Jeff Glasse You really have disappointing all of your investors with your lack of communication, then you say you will do better then seem to be ever worse than before. I have seeing some things posted on your twitter and FB page showing some video content and it being used at SXSW. So it seems that things are moving forward but your radio silence is horrible. Your investors should not have to search around the internet and read between the lines to try and have even a clue as to how things are going. Please give us an update. Don't make us troll you on other platforms... Again, no news. Jeff, weren't you supposed to do a better job at communicating with us after the last update ? This is very unprofessional ! Let me help jeff out. Just saw Kogeto FB page post this link. <url>´s best and you are in the middle of a 360° action video. Will it be able to use Jo´s footage for this gadget and it´s apps (Samsung VR is based on Oculus Rift as you might know)? I was wondering about the power supply requirement. Is it the standard 110v or can it be attach to a Film standards, V-mount battery or AB battery? Thanks for the update, Jeff. Really looking forward to March , but I still do not understand why it took you so long to communicate with us. Anyway, now that you have promised to post the latest news regulary eyerybody is happy again. Thank you Jeff! Glad to know where you are in the process and the issues your working out. If they gave us an update here, then I'd be really happy to wait for the jö, instead of getting a refund.. They should report here, not only on Facebook... Heads up guys, I've talk to the Kogeto guys on Facebook. They said it's tentatively next month for the release. � I'd like to have a refund of the full amount pledged... Hi Dean, I rather would like to receive my Jo, but in the end it´s alwys good to have an alternative. Should we backers contact Kickstarter about this? And what´s the best way to do it? Thanks for an answer. Dean, and how long took that other project for getting the money back? Jeff Glasse Last login Dec 31 2014 where are you?...... Considering the amount of time with zero information and getting close to a month past the expected delivery date I am starting to feel it's worth getting in touch with kickstarter directly about this 1. I have had another project go through the same thing and the money was refunded to all backers. Hey Jeff, I have ordered this for a friend, he sent me the money and I placed the order for him. When he asked me when it would ship, I told him that you guys claimed December, though often kickstarters are delayed. I said do not worry though, I have looked at this company, and I really feel like they are trustworthy. I do not mean that a delay of a month is unreasonable, what I do mean is that complete silence from you guys for over a month now is making me regret trusting your company. If their was some sort of update, then I could tell him, but as of now I have no Jo to give him, as well as no idea what is even going on. You made me loose face. Please right your wrongs. Nick Weren't we supposed to get an update on Nov 25 ? The absence of communication from Jeff is disappointing. I noticed Jeff Glasse posted this on twitter dec 8th: "We're hiring android ninjas @kogeto - ping me if you know/are one who wants to make cool things with us." So maybe the software is not ready? Either way it is sad to see Jeff say he would update us on nov 25th still with no update! Can't wait to hear more, and see this thing in my hand! I did saw a notice from somebody who backed previous project of Kogeto which stated the very same, for a very long time.. I hope their on it... Ah, this silence from Kogeto is very very long.... Some news for backers would be useful. I think their absolutly busy on thos Jo's. An update should be cool for us but I have this idea that we'll get them eventually :p So, Are we going to get our Jo's..... I was excited to hear there was an update. But 7 days of anticipation is rough... Looking like this is going to be a significant delay on the expected delivery date I would assume? Hi Jeff, First of all it´s to good to hear that someone is still out there. The dissapointing part is: no news, although you have promised to post some (good or bad). I am very much dissapointed about this and I really think this not the way a responible company should treat it´s customers. It is kind of worrying - this silent zone. Hi Jeff, your backers haven´t heard from you in a while. Any news, good or bad? What is the vertical field of view? What might be its offset from center if any? Does it capture only video? How about pictures? Does it only capture in 4K/13 megapixel? Can I adjust the resolution/recording to save hard drive space? Is there a warranty for being a first time buyer? Feel free to PM me or just post here. Thank you for your time and I look forward to this item. I want one and am willing to back more $$$. I have some questions. Do you have a full table of tech specs for ? What are the weight and dimensions of the device? So the Battery is J Drive? Records for a 172 continuously? Memory Capacity is based on using a USB hard drive stick or external hard drive? How long does it take to fill up 1GB with continuous recording? Is it waterproof? How soon can I get one if I back $850? By Christmas before the upcoming New Year? Sensor - 13 megapixel sensor 30fps 4k HD Vertical Resolution 3840 X 720 Resolution High Speed Wifi Built-in Bluetooth Joey Capture Software Built in Capacitive Touchscreen Capture - Share - Conference Snapdragon 800 quad core processor Store capacity - USB stick or hard drive J Drive - 175 hours continuous recording (battery?) While a flashy exterior would be welcomed, my primary concern is the video quality and performance. I look forward to adding 360 panoramic videos to my collection of family videos through use of Joey. Dear Jeff, The output video looks amazing and the UI design looks great. But I must say, the physical appearance of the device is ..... not the prettiest. The whole thing looks like a blender, and not a contemporary blender, a blender from the 80s. I would strongly suggest you to hire designer a give the device a more modern look. If you think about it, people will be putting this in their conference room, in the middle of the conference table, the physical appearance of such device is very important. You can probably take some design hint from another kickstarter product: ninja sphere. @Creator, I sent you msg few days ago and still no replay. Can you please keep us updated? Do you plan to allow access to the video stream via RTSP (or via other similar and open standards)?