Knut is a small, battery powered, Wi-Fi enabled device that enables you to monitor your valuables using your computer or mobile device. Knut can be used to: Monitor the temperature of your home, aquarium, wine collection, home brewing operation all at the same time Monitor the humidity in your basement or cigar collection Tell if someone has opened your liquor cabinet or refrigerator door Measure how much vibration a package experiences during shipping Insure you water your plants Thousand more uses that we haven't imagined yet - but you will Knut is controlled by an app installed on your computer or mobile device. This app will give you direct access to: Alerts Graphing Data collection This app will be available for most computers (PC, Mac) and mobile devices (iPhone, Android). Knut uses email technology to send and receive data. This allows Knut to have great battery life and will never require subscription fees. To be clear, you will not be bombarded by emails. Setup Up Is Simple You can set up Knut using the Knut Interface app or a web page stored in Knut. There you can: Give your Knut a name Assign your Knut an email address Set how frequently your Knut checks its sensors (Time critical sensors such as accelerometers and switches are checked whenever they change) Choose acceptable ranges for every sensor connected Select your notification preferences (If you would like to receive an email or text message alert if a sensor goes out of the acceptable range) How It Works Knut spends the majority of the time asleep. Every so often, Knut wakes up, checks and then records the status of all connected sensors. When the memory in Knut is full, Knut sends its recorded information to a designated email address. The Knut Interface app periodically checks this email address and stores this data on the computer/mobile device. When the you would like to see the status of a sensor, the app loads the information which is stored on your device. Because this is simply a system of sending and receiving emails, multiple Knuts and Knut Interfaces can be associated with the same email address. When the Knut Interface is used on a desktop computer, the Knut Interface can export a spreadsheet file (.CSV) so you can work with this data in any spreadsheet application. What Knut Can Monitor Knut has a high accuracy temperature sensor and a battery level sensor built in. If you want to monitor more than just temperature, you can connect an external sensor or multiple sensors using the 3-port hub. Currently we have functional humidity, vibration, door, water proof temperature, and water presence sensors. We plan to offer more sensors based on your suggestions. If we don't offer the sensor you need, you can always hook up your own sensor using the breakout board. Our Plan After 3 years of development and 5 complete redesigns, Knut is almost ready for you. Our shortcoming is our interface applications - and this is where we need your help. We have a functional and almost final iPhone application and other Android and Windows based applications are in the pipeline. So, Kickstarters, we need your help to make our vision reality. With your help, we will: Buy raw materials Hire programmers Hire a human computer interface specialist Finish Android and Windows applications Take your input and build a better product Get this product into your hands Provide basic technical support Currently, we possess a laser cutter and a pick and place machine. For our prototypes, we have our blank circuit boards made in Oregon and our cases made in California. We cut the necessary holes in our cases with the laser cutter and place the components on bare circuit boards with the pick and place machine. It's a fast and straightforward manufacturing process. Because of Jay's involvement with sales of electronics, he has extensive experience managing shipment of thousands of items on a daily basis. He also has many close connections with electronic component distributors worldwide, giving us direct access to hard to find and long lead time components. We think we have a decent manufacturing capability. So, for orders of fewer than 300 Knuts, we will manufacture in-house, at our shop in Boston, MA. We can build up to 30 Knuts in a day, so it would take no more than two weeks for us to manufacture the entire order. For larger orders, we will contract with a Massachusetts-based manufacturer. Who We Are Jay graduated from the University of Massachusetts Amherst with a degree in Operations Management and went to work in sales in the electronics industry. Jay has always been interested in building things by hand. After studying Electrical Engineering for two years at Northeastern University, Richard left to start an aquarium construction and maintenance company. Richard landed a job maintaining the aquarium at Jay's office. They became friends and soon found themselves building a very large aquarium together. This aquarium, with its multiple lighting systems, automatic water changing system, flow switches, water level detection, battery backups, and myriad other features required some kind of control system. They looked for off the shelf solutions, and when they realized that what they needed didn't exist, they built it: a fully automated multi-sensor aquarium controller. After this controller was built, a friend inquired about a method to monitor the temperature of multiple apartments in a condominium complex. Richard realized that this aquarium controller could be easily adapted for his friend's needs as well as an endless array of other applications. The result is Knut. Knut Spec Sheet We want to ship a product that we can call complete. For the technically inclined individual who really wants to know the capabilities of Knut, we have written out a spec sheet. This spec sheet outlines what will be supported in the release of this product. Most of the specifications in this sheet are already functional so it is likely that additional sensors and features will be added to Knut by the time we ship. These additional items may or may not be completely functional. Dimensions: 2.6" x 1.6" x 1.1" / 66mm x 41mm x 28mm Knut Interface App: Knut can be setup and monitored using the "Knut Interface". The Knut interface is available on Windows, Mac OS X, iOS (iPhone, iPod, iPad), Android and Windows Mobile. Knut Interface supports: Setup of Knut Setup of Alerts from Knut Automatic graphing of data from sensors connected to Knut Remote modification of most of Knut's features and settings Exporting CSV files (Windows, Windows Mobile and Mac OS X only) Wi-Fi: Knut connects to the internet using commonly available Wi-Fi. Knut supports: Speed: 802.11g Security: WEP-64, WEP-128, WPA, WPA2. Does NOT currently support WPA Enterprise or WPA2 Enterprise. Type: Infrastructure, AdHoc Range: 100 meters. Obstructions (such as walls) will reduce range. Sensors: High accuracy temperature and battery level sensor are integrated into Knut. Serial and Non Serial devices cannot be mixed with the exception of waterproof temperature sensors which can be mixed with 1 non serial sensor. Some sensor devices contain more than one sensor. Serial Sensor Devices (8 maximum): Waterproof Temperature Humidity (Contains 2 sensors: Humidity and Temperature) 3-Axis Accelerometer (Contains 3 sensors: X axis, Y axis, and Z axis) Non Serial Sensor Devices (2 maximum): Door switch Water presence Breakout Board(Simulates 2 sensors. Either can be digital or analog) Email: Knut communicates using email and requires its own email address to do so. Multiple Knut's can and should be used on the same email address. The user should not interfere with this email address. This email address must support checking email remotely (IMAP or POP3) and sending email remotely (SMTP). SSL support is optional. Most free email accounts support these features. Knut can send alert emails and text messages. Battery: Knut operates for about a year on two AAA alkaline or lithium batteries using default settings and no external sensors. Battery life can vary from 2 weeks to 10 years based on choices that you make. Variables that affect battery life (in order of importance): Distance from the Wi-Fi access point How often Knut sends emails Temperature of Knut (very cold = bad battery life) Speed of your internet connection Reliability of your internet connection What type of sensor is connected How many sensors are connected How often Knut is set to check sensors Environment: Knut cannot get wet or be exposed to harsh chemicals. The sensor leads of the water presence sensor and the probe tip of the waterproof temperature sensor can be submersed but they cannot be used with strong acids or solvents. Knut's electronics can handle extremely hot and cold temperatures but standard alkaline batteries lose a significant amount of capacity when cold. We don't recommend using Knut above 55C (131F) or below 0C (32 F) for extended periods of time. If you would like to measure temperature outside of this window, we recommend using the external waterproof temperature sensor. We have successfully tested Knut in a -22C environment but the battery life was significantly reduced. Hey Backers, Just launched the new and improved Knut on Kickstarter. It's called Knut Water. Knut now has 3 sensors built in: temperature, humidity and water detection. Knut Water is waterproof, has USB support (OTG) and setup takes seconds. Check it out here: <url>"mouse bites" which are really just small perforations in the PCB that allow someone to snap a Knut out of the carrier board. Problem is the mouse bites are too strong and could lead to damage parts when someone tries to remove a Knut. So Sunburst has recommended that we score the perforations as well to make an easier breakout. Luckily, this doesn't hold us up in any way as the change is really only needed for future boards. Yesterday we stopped by Mass Design, a PCB manufacturing facility in Nashua NH. They walked us through the whole process of making a PCB. Its too much to go into detail here but I thought I would share a few interesting pictures. This is the copper plating tank with a few boards in it. The boards are held by the white plastic rods in a bath of copper sulfate. The purpose of this tank is to create connections from the front to the back side of a PCB. Copper is plated through drilled holes in a PCB creating circuits that can run on the back and front of a PCB. This is an automated drilling and routing machine. The red light is the light for a camera contained in the same housing and is actually part of a machine vision system with a surprising amount of intelligence. The drilling system will drill holes in a PCB and inspect them to insure they are drilled to the proper diameter. It will also inspect its own drill bits to insure they are not worn out or broken. Its fascinating watching this machine. It can drill around 5 holes per second. The bits get so hot while cutting the PCBs, that a piece of aluminum is put over the PCB to actually cool the drill bit down. Seems a little counter intuitive to be drilling through more stuff to cool something down, but apparently it works. This is a picture of me and Bill Gately of Mass Design. Bill was the one who was kind enough to give us a full tour of the facility. I'm holding the sheet of wood that was on the back side of the Knut PCB's during the process of cutting the Knut's out of the carrier sheet. Ordinarily this is a disposable but I'm thinking of framing it... So we've come a long way. FCC and CE are finished and we passed with no modifications of the hardware needed. We only needed a higher quality sticker and a modification to the manual to get through. We are planning on shipping out these new units to beta testers and if they like them, we will give the thumbs up to Sunburst and Mass Design to do the full order. In the mean time, I will be cleaning up the remaining software issues. Shipping is in sight, Richard We stopped by the board house today and picked this up: These are the final Knut PCBs. Tomorrow we are visiting the contract manufacturer to deliver all the parts so they can start assembling the final Knuts. I will let you know in detail on how it went. Richard As promised, here are the FCC and CE testing pictures: Knut in a test chamber about to be hit with 3 volts per centimeter in air. The test chamber is shielded room covered in thousands of ferrite tiles. When the door to the test chamber is closed, almost all radio waves are blocked from reaching the outside world. (Sorry about the bad picture quality): A prescan being done on Knut to see what radio frequencies is being emitted by Knut when no external interference is applied. The high peak on the left is 2.4 GHz (the frequency of Wi-Fi) The graphs shown here are the result of a 4 separate scans called presweeps. Presweeps give the testing house an idea of how your device will perform for the rest of the tests. Not unlike pressing the scan button on your car radio, the equipment scans through a very large set of frequencies to see on what frequencies Knut is producing a signal. The straight line in the middle of each graph is the limit and if Knut exceeds a limit, Knut will likely fail subsequent tests. Knut does exceed 1 limit at 2.4GHz but is allowed to because Knut is designed to transmit at 2.4GHz. This data is not official FCC and CE testing data and I don't have access to the official data until all tests are completely done. This picture is actually full resolution. You need to save this picture to your computer to see it in full detail. Here is Knut being viewed by a camera inside the test chamber. No one can be in the test chamber during the test because intense radio waves are generated which are bad for human health. A test would take a few minutes and then they would re-enter the chamber and rotate Knut a different angle, and then run another test. Then after a few more tests they would enter the chamber and rotate an enormous antenna. Knut being shocked with 4000 volts: This actually went a lot better than I thought it would. Knut messed up a little bit but recovered on its own so it's still considered a pass. Knut had a moment of time traveling when it suddenly reported that it was 2:16:36 PM when it was actually 1:57:43 PM. The battery also indicated that it was empty but then recovered. Internal Temp 1:56:44 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:56:59 PM 2/1/2013 99.39% Internal Temp 2:16:36 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:57:43 PM 2/1/2013 0.32% Internal Temp 1:57:44 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:57:58 PM 2/1/2013 99.39% Knut had to be field tested to determine how it would act in the real world. It's difficult to test in the real world in the middle of a snow storm. F2 Labs has an awesome inflatable bubble to deal with this. Its kept inflated with 2 huge air pumps and its always under positive pressure. The entrance to the bubble is 2 doors with an air lock in between. If you open both doors, the whole bubble deflates and breaks all sorts of expensive equipment inside. My ears popped a little when I entered, but the people at F2 said that they don't notice that. A view of inside the bubble. This bubble is huge. You could easily play soccer in here. In fact a some grass is growing on the left. On the left, closest to the camera is Knut on a table.The table can rotate 360 degrees. In the middle, very far away is a gigantic antenna. The antenna can slide up and down. During the test they rotate Knut around and raise the antenna up and down to see what radio waves Knut generates. Knut in another test chamber: I had a lot more photos but somehow they disappeared... It's very strange. I took many of various antennas and many additional shots of the first chamber. They might have gone missing during the test that they applied 4000 volts to Knut because that was really the only time that my iPhone was exposed to any strange interference. Oh and also, Knut passed FCC today. CE has some additional tests that need to be done like drop tests, high and low humidity tests, high and low temperature tests and other tests that take weeks. Richard So Knut got a facelift. Sort of. We updated the connector to be sturdier and easier to use, Our beta testing revealed that the old connector did not provide sufficient support for the sensors, nor was it clear which way sensors should be plugged in. In fact the first question we got asked from one of our beta testers was "What direction do I plug in the sensor?". When we began searching for a replacement, we discovered that finding connectors for electronics is hard, really hard. Considering that we don't have the order quantities needed to get a custom connector (which is usually a 10000 piece minimum) we had to look for off the shelf connectors. We considered many options such as mini USB, mini HDMI, mini displayport (Thunderbolt), Ethernet (RG-45), telephone (RJ-12), and serial ATA, but none of them really fit our needs. A major concern was the connector being able to penetrate the case at the right height (which none of these do). Also we didn't want to have to create custom circuitry to deal with having someone plugging in a let's say a mini HDMI device into the front of Knut and having Knut safely handle the incompatible device. So we arrived at this: From left to right: Board to Wire, Board to Board, and Board to Ribbon Cable. And they are all polarized and very durable. Board to wire allows us to make a direct connection to devices on wires such as the waterproof temperature sensor. Board to board allows direct connection to expansions board such as humidity sensor and the accelerometer. Board to ribbon cable allows us to make extension cables easily so sensors can be placed in more remote locations. Based on some pretty extensive research, no other connector seems to be able to do this. But if you know of one, I would love to hear about it. Also, because we now have 8 pins instead of 5, we are bringing out some additional functionality that will be very useful to people creating their own sensors. If you want to know what we added, shoot us a message. Knut performs above and beyond our initial expectations and we are confident that this is the production ready Knut. We’re so confident, in fact, that we’ve sent this Knut for FCC and CE testing. I am currently in Cleveland visiting F2 Labs, where testing of Knut will begin tomorrow at 8:00 AM. I will be sure to get some pictures and if I get a chance I will try to get them up tomorrow as well. It will take 2-3 weeks for Knut to be fully tested for FCC and CE compliance. Once Knut passes, we are going into full production. Thanks for your patience, Richard We got many great gift this morning. We are very lucky to have received all of the Wi-Fi modules. These modules are very new to the market. We attempted to place the order for these modules thorough a very well known electrical components distributor and the distributor told us the manufacturer would not provide a quote or even allow a preorder to be placed. We have a decent relationship with the manufacturer, and when I spoke with them directly, they allowed us to place the order. We were expecting to have them shipped late January but to our amazement they showed up today. Hundreds of Wi-Fi modules: Other things came in as well such as hundereds of processors: Hundreds of cases: Hundreds of buttons: And lots of other stuff not photo worthy. At this point, all components except for a few easily obtained items are in our hands. Some new software features have been added, one of which is the ability for Knut to understand small human written emails and have Knut perform commands based on your requests. They are simple commands at the moment such as "Tree Lights On" or "Current Status" but more commands will be added in the future. This feature gives you some control of Knut without the app. Another cool feature is now with the SD Card, you can walk away from a Wi-Fi network and Knut will save the extra data on the SD Card. If you return to the network, Knut will dump this data on to the internet. If you don't, you can just pull the SD Card out and read it on a computer. This is especially useful with the accelerometer as you could plot let's say... drifting a car on a race track, taking Knut on rollercoaster, or sticking Knut in a package to monitor if it's been dropped. Speaking of accelerometers: What do you want to do with the accelerometer? At the moment, the accelerometer only produces graphs of acceleration data and generates alerts for things like exceeding a certain amount of G's, which is fine if all you want to determine if something has been hit or been dropped but we feel so much more can be done with the accelerometer. Many people have asked us if we can use Knut for monitoring when a washing machine is finished. Unfortunately, at the moment, we can't because the vibration data coming from one washing machine is vastly different from another, leading to many false triggerings. Spins cycles, soak cycles and agitation cycles are very different from one manufacture from another. For monitoring a washing machine, we think a countdown timer makes much more sense than an accelerometer. If you really think an accelerometer is the best sensor for detecting this, we'd love to know how you imagine this working. We've made a lot of great progress. A limited number of beta units will go back out this week for testing. Full production will start in January, but we will only ship when Knut meets our quality standards. Happy Holidays, Richard Hi, Lately we have been knee deep in bugs and we have been rapidly squashing them. Once you squash one, you see 10 more. Luckily, a great deal of these bugs are our fault and we like it this way because it means that we can fix it. Every once in a while we encounter a bug that isn't our fault; it's actually a defect in the actual silicon in the processors. We have encountered a few of these and they are really hard to diagnose, because it naturally feels like the programmer, not the chip designer is making the mistakes. It so hard to stop pointing the finger at the coder. Probably our most serious bug was that our processor would go to sleep and stay asleep for a random period of time and wake for no reason leading to dead batteries. It wasn't easy solving this problem (or even identifying that it even existed). We had to acquire a logging battery simulator that would watch Knut for hours to see when the problem would occur as sitting in front of Knut and watching a meter for hours just wasn't cutting it. In the end, we talked to the manufacturer and they confirmed the bug and we had to swap out old processors with new ones that had this bug resolved. I feel very good to have this problem behind me. We are also working through issues with the 802.11g modules. The modules work great, better than I could have originally expected. They connect and function on the newest and oldest routers with no issues. They are fast AND power efficient (which is a fantastic combination). We are now able to purchase the whole stock of chips that are needed to fulfill all Kickstarter orders, but unfortunately the chips have yet to pass a rapid aging test. The manufacturer says that they rarely encounter problems at this stage but need to perform these tests before releasing to the public. As the manufacturer understands our needs, they are giving us access to the chips. So we're not sure whether we should just skip the rapid aging test. In other news, we have also been working on the packaging for Knut. We were surprised on how much thought and design is involved in simply putting a product in a box. This is our first attempt: We found a source for the moisture sensor. Unlike our hand made prototype, this one will last for years in moist soil. The final moisture sensor looks like this: This is what the final waterproof temperature sensors look like. The sensor is contained in the stainless steel tube and encapsulated in epoxy. They should last for years in salt water. Here is our prototype breakout board. It's still very much a work in progress. The screw terminals do not fit in their holes because I miscalculated the length of the relay. Relay? Yes with the breakout board, Knut can now not only sense things but control things as well. More on this later. Check out the T-shirts. They are made with super soft American Apparel blanks. I like them so much I am wearing one right now. Choose either black or blue in XS,S,M,L, and XL: Jay and I modeling the shirts. I should have shaved... When Knut is sent to backers, backers cannot feel the problems that we have encountered. Knut has to just work and you shouldn't have to worry about it. We are working through it and I am certain that it will all be for the better. Everything is still moving forward very quickly, but we still need more time. We're shooting for end of November. Richard Also, check out (and fill out) the surveys, as they go up today. We want to get a count for all the sensors and T-shirts that we need so we can order them all by next week. So over the weekend we put together some Knuts together to test the assembly process and to finally get the Betas made. The pick and place machine placing a processor. Knuts baking in our extremely high tech reflow oven called a toaster. If you want to reflow some boards, be sure to turn your "reflow oven" on to the convection setting for good even heating. On the left you can see just toasted boards. On the right you can see our problematic stencil for putting down solder paste. We put a blank board underneath the stencil and use the razor blade to squish solder paste through the stencil on to the board. Turns out, our stencil was much too thick, allowing too much solder to be applied to the board. If you look carefully, you can actually see the shorted pins on the processor in the oven picture above. 16 finished knuts. Now to talk about the changes we made to Knut. I've been really worried about making 450 of these Knut and shipping them all out only to find out that I wrote a small but show stopping bug that has managed to slip by me and all the beta testers but never the less requires everyone to have to ship back their Knuts so I can reprogram them. So I decided, Knut has to be firmware upgradable from your home. I wanted Knut to be over the air reprogrammable, and a microSD card makes it very easy to do this. So all Knuts get a microSD card slot: Knut main processor has an extremely limited (128K) amount of storage space. It turns out that there is a balance between power consumption and storage space and since we value battery life highly, we chose a processor with less space. Unfortunately, Knut doesn't have enough space to allow us to store a whole new Knut app when using the old Knut app. It's also extremely difficult (if not impossible) for an app to write over itself, as the app would destroying its own logic, the logic necessary to do the actual writing. So to deal with this, we email the new app to Knut, Knut stores the app on the microSD card, Knut reboots off the microSD card and then Knut writes the new app to Knut's main memory. Using a microSD card is also advantageous because we can simply turn it off when we don't need it, saving on battery power, unlike memory built into the processor. This microSD card has also opened up a new world of possibilities: Right now Knut can operate away from a Wi-Fi network by storing the data on the microSD card. When you return to your Wi-Fi network, Knut will then send the stored data via Wi-Fi. If you never return to the Wi-Fi network, you can always read the data by popping the card into your computer. The data is stored as a CSV file so any computer can read it. We can now add features to Knut and you can write your own apps too. All you need is a computer with a microSD card slot and the C30 compiler, free from Microchip. When you're ready to run your app, all you have to do is put it on the microSD card and Knut will run it. No complex development tools needed. When you get your Knut, and if you are so adventurous to actually disassemble your Knut, make sure you remove the microSD card before removing the cover. The microSD card can simply removed by pressing on the card and it just pops out of the case. We learned this the hard way and ripped the microSD card slot right off the board. So I feel a lot better about shipping with this microSD card. But the question is, when are we going to ship? We are currently held up by our Wi-Fi chipset manufacture. Currently they have has promised us our full order of 450 units by the end of September, so if we get our chips, we should be able to ship by the end of October. We are trying very hard to hold our schedule. Thanks for your patience everyone, Richard Bonus Pic: Here is a Knut, asleep, on our power consumption test bed. Knut is currently drawing 700na. Yes, That's 700 nano amps. If you blow air across the Knut board while connected to this meter, the current consumption indicator will vary wildly as the static electricity in the air will charge different sections of the board. The current consumption is just that low. It seems Knut can easily take measurements and run its internal clock, while running off the energy produced by a potato. It unfortunately cannot send an email without a very large capacitor, as a potato cannot produce the instantiations amount of power necessary for Knut to send a message. If you want to make your own potato battery check this out: <url>"[your email server] is not a compatible email server", just send Knut's account a random garbage email and the problem will go away. We discovered this bug a few days ago and we have a firmware update to fix it permanently, but the garbage email trick works just as well. Richard Posted windows app at: <url>"Knut Setup" or are you having trouble getting Knut connected to your home network? Haven't gotten much done on Android this week but I am going to restart work on it next week. Richard Hi Mike, We will be putting up forums over the weekend and I will correct that link in the App Store. We've been bogged down shipping out boxes that I haven't had time yet to work on the website. Thanks, Richard Patrick, one more thing. According to the backer report, you only purchased a single Knut. And not additional sensors. Is there any other sensor you would like to purchase? We can take care of that through the Pre-Order shopping cart. Thank you, Jay Patrick, That's really strange. You should have received #016. The serial is located right above the battery compartment on the outside of the case. Can you take a second look to make sure it's not on there? Jay Hi Chris, You only purchased Knut with no other sensors. You can purchase additional sensors from our pre-order shopping cart at <url>"send ifttt any email" trigger works flawlessly and immediately (1-2 seconds). We are using this right now with a little red plastic fan and a belkin wimo. We can switch the fan on and off by touching the temperature sensor. Unfortunately, the "send ifttt an email tagged" trigger don't always work. I've been working with Linden over at ifttt to get it sorted out. Thanks for the offer about helping. I'll let you know. Thanks, Richard Richard Hey Allen and Chris, We are working on a bug in some of the external sensors which are unfortunately not over the air upgradable. Currently some of the external sensors work exactly once and never report again. We could ship devices to people who did not order sensors but we still don't have the wireless modules. Actually, good news, our manufacturer just told us that the modules passed quality control and that we should be getting them soon. Getting closer, Richard Hi Jaime, A backer of both Twine and Knut dropped off one for us to play with last week. What we realized is how different the two devices are from each other. We think you will really like Knut and all the applications it can be used in. The past couple of weeks we have been very busy updating all of the software and every day it gets better and better. Thank you for your patience, we want you know that we’re making great progress Jay Nice! Thanks Mark Richard Hey Sam, We will setup a page on our website to allow for payment for international shipping. It's not up yet but I will try to get to it tomorrow. Richard Hey Chris, The breakout board enables your own custom sensors (or sensors we don't provide) to Knut. The breakout board also has a relay allowing you to control items as well. Since we don't know what sensor you are connecting, you will have to calibrate the sensor yourself based on the linear slope equation (y=mx+b). The breakout board also has a power supply on it, allowing Knut to be powered from sources like USB or your home heating system. Basically, if you like tinkering, the breakout board is a good choice. Richard Hey Tim and Chris, Sorry about not getting this stuff up yet. I had a meeting in San Francisco over the weekend and I didn't get to taking the photos before flying out. I still need to take pictures of the teeshirts before sending out the surveys and pictures of our progress before posting an update. I'm flying back tomorrow and won't be in till late in the evening so I can have both the survey and the update up on Tuesday. Sorry about the wait, Richard Hey Tim, I will take some photos and post something tomorrow. Richard Hey Greg, Currently the SD card works exactly how you described. Richard Hey Yue Hue, Our chipset manufacture promised us the full order of 802.11g chipsets at the end of September, so unfortunately we are going to have to postpone shipping till October. I will put up the surveys for the sensors next week. We have a big update coming next week. Richard Nelson, you are 100% correct. We are due for an update. I will give you a mini update to what is going on right now. As we speak Richard is in San Fran at TechCrunch presenting Knut to Disrupt2012, getting feedback and hopefully meeting some KS backers. While he is away we just got in the newest designed circuit boards that we had made for the latest hardware and hopefully last design change. (We were tesing out the newest and yet to be released to the public wifi modules from the manufacturer and had to redisgn the curcuit board for it.) And as soon as Richard gets back, we're assembling 15 test Knuts and shipping them to beta testers (Kickstarter backers like yourself that have been helping and offering advice since this project began.) We are going to use all feedback the beta testers give us to make Knut even better. At that point when we have something substantial to report on, Richard will send out a real official update. Maybe in a couple of weeks? Thank you to everyone for your patience and thank you for backing us. Any questions or comments, use this section or send us a message. We love to hear from you. Jay Hey Scott, We are working with ifttt so Knut will function with their service on release Richard Hey Andres, I will shoot you a message with a link to download a PowerPoint which details the communications method. It needs some cleaning up but it should get you going. Any backer who would like a copy of this, please send me a message and I will send you the link. Richard Ok will do. We will post it after the meet up on the 26th as it will be much more locked down by then. Richard Hey JPElectron, Currently when Knut is set up properly, Knut stops serving web pages, but you can either poll the app or the mail server directly to get the most current readings. Right now this is done because serving a webpage constantly would chew through the battery. Seeing how you will have it powered by a solar panel, you don't care so much about battery life. It's possible we could leave the web server service active when connected to external power. Were not quite ready for documentation yet as we are adding and deleting features to the protocol all the time but we will make it available when it's all buttoned up. The volts and amps alerts shouldn't be a problem. Sounds like a pretty cool setup. Richard How many watts is that solar panel!? We are now working directly with ifttt to enable Knut to turn devices on and off and do other things like update your google calendar or send a tweet so by the time we ship you will be able to do just that. Have an idea on which LED sign you would like to use? For the 32-0 Volt range you will need a 1k and a 10k resistor. I can send you an image how to hook it up if needed. What current range would you like to measure? Richard Hey Andres, We could do a current sensor clamp but we have a lot on our plate at the moment. How would you feel about having it be an extra sensor option for after we ship to backers? For the email system spec, would you like to see the spec we are currently using? It's not final and will definitely change but it would be good guidance on writing your own plug-in. Richard Hey Chris, You are correct except for alerts as they are delivered directly to the alert email address and therefor don't reside in the data email address. An alert event can still be seen though just by looking at the data. Knut can accept multiple alert email addresses if you need more than one recipient of alerts. 24 hours to go and we just broke 200% funded! Thanks backers! Happy 4th to everyone! Thanks Ken! Hey George, Yes, Knut will log the measurement of any connected sensor. You can turn off logging on a per sensor basis if you like. Richard Hey Paul, We're working on a sensor board which you can attach a pH probe using a BNC jack. It will be available after we ship to kickstarter backers. I am a little worried about the reliablity of long term pH monitoring. We use a lot of Pinpoint pH probes (which are supposedly high quality) permanently submerged in aquariums and they always seem to drift within a month or so. Anyone have any recommendations for a low cost reliable probe? Richard Hey Lynn, The Water Presence sensor is for flooded basements or situations of liquid water actually being present, not for situations where water is absorbed like a sponge or dirt. It is a digital sensor so it would report yes/no if water is present or not. it probably wouldn't work that well for plants because the plant would have to be bone dry for the sensor to say that no water was present. At that point the plant would be dead... The moisture sensor shown in Update #4 is an analog sensor, so you can see percent of moisture. This would be useful in seeing how moist soil is. I haven't found a source for these yet. It seems one of our backers has a source for them. Richard Hey Lynn, I added the dimensions to the Spec Sheet. We might give Knut a custom case which would decrease the width and height a lot, so those dimensions will be the maximum size. Richard Hi Lynn and anyone else who wants to make sensors, The front header has 5 pins: 1. Wake (forces Knut to check sensors now) 2. I2C Data / Digital 1 / Analog 1 3. I2C Clock / Digital 2 / Analog 2 / 1 Wire Data 4. VDD / +3.3vdc 5. VSS / Ground Knut has a built in 12 bit A/D. The breakout board breaks out all signals and adds clamping diodes. You would be interfacing directly with pin 2 and 3. In analog mode the input impedance is 4.7k. In digital it is a direct connection. In I2C mode, pins 2 and 3 are pulled up with 4.7k to VDD. In 1 Wire mode, pin 3 is pulled up with 2.2k to VDD. 1 Wire and I2C devices can be on the bus at the same time. Analog and Digital connections cannot be on the bus at the same time with I2C or 1 Wire devices. Knut can connect directly with thermistors or any RTD using the Steinhart equation for calibration. Thermocouples would need a custom board with an opamp and a zero point reference. Knut can address up to 8 I2C or 1 Wire devices at the same time. We will publish the I2C protocol that we use so you can connect an arduino, or any other custom sensor that you design. 1 Wire is a patented technology by Dallas so we cannot offer a custom protocol on that method. Richard BTW Thanks for the great comments everyone Hi Lynn, The Spec Sheet is everything below "Knut Spec Sheet". What would you like to know about the sensor interface? Richard Wow that was too easy. We will definitely support this. Knut can send alert emails based on preset moisture levels. Thanks a lot! Richard Hey Mikkel, We really like the unification of the internet of things and are all for making Knut work with ifttt. Our initial impression that it was too far off of our current model but if you think that we can integrate ifttt that easily then by all means we will support it. Send us your ideas, and we will do what we can to get them integrated. Best, Richard Hey Mosley, Were excited to get our Twine when they ship. We would love to hear comparisons. Hey Mosley, Yeah were almost there! So excited! I though initially that I had to ask all backers what sensors they would like but it seems like Kickstarter will give us a way to ask the backers when the project is funded. We will probably do another beta test after this one is complete. You will be on the list if/when we do. Uh I mean definitely Hey David, We will defiantly contact you when we need you. Hey Brantano, Yeah that would be awesome. You can do it now by buying an off the shelf motion sensor, but the motion sensor would need it's own power source. Allen, When Knut first power up, it creates a wireless network that you can connect to. Once you connect you can then directly connect to Knut using a built in setup web page (kind of like a wireless router) or you can use the interface app to configure Knut as well. I am working on a video to demonstrate the setup. Should be out soon. We made it on mashables! <url>"Send attempt timed out". Hello! Is my Knut shipped? Can you guys provide me a tracking number? Thanks My knut connects, sends the email but the light stays on..... I thought it was suppose to turn off?After it does the setup, I still can't find it via the iphone app, and it still has a knut setup network being broadcast- thoughts? Neato, I got Knut 001. Thought it was a model number. Hi Richard, thanks for fast response Hi Richard, It turns immediately bright and then goes dim in half second Hi Amperic, Got mine today, looks beautiful, not disappointed me with long waiting, but the no network named "Knut Setup" shown up in the wireless list from my iphone, mac mini, and any of the computer I have. The green light on the Knut is on, and tried several different pairs of new batteries. Any clue? Thanks "Whenever you want to force Knut to take a measurement, short Pin 1 to ground." ,,,is that the same as pressing the button on the unit? Just got mine, set was easy via web-page, working great! Just one question at this point... during setup it said "Version: KNUT v0.91" but under battery cover it says "v1.5b" am I to assume software is v0.91 and hardware is v1.5b ? P.S. Let me know when the forums are up, I'd love to help. Some questions I have after receiving the Knut: 1) Got the unit setup and its on my network. However, I have no idea how to get back in to change the settings? Dont have an ios device, so have to use the web interface. Tried to get access by going to the IP assigned to Knut by my network, but nothing. Took out batteries hoping to be able to get back at it using 196.254.1.1, but it does not start the Knut Setup WiFi. SOL. 2) When can we expect the Android app? 3) Where can I find details about the pinouts on the 8 pin header. I have no sensors and want to build my own and not fry Knut :-) Thx. Looking fwd to creating with this guy. Yes, please get a forum up for users. I got my Knut a couple of days ago and although it powers up and does broadcast its network, I have yet to connect to it and get the set up complete. What about droids? Any update on our app? Is there a support forum? Or should we use this comment section for iOS app support? Also, if I click on the "Knut Interface Support" link in iTunes, I get this message: "Knut Interface for iOS hasen't been release yet. Check back soon! " I received my knut, but it was not etched with a serial and did not come with a sensor. Just remembered you comment about the build int temp sensor, so still asking where can extra ones be purchased Hi Richard, I just received my Knut thank you so much for shipping can want to play. Although I seem to not have received any senors in the box is this a mistake ? if not where can i purchase senors Mine arrived yesterday, and after a couple of minutes, it seems to have powered off with nothing waking it up. The "Knut Setup" network doesn't appear, it hasn't spoken to the email address since last night, and the green LED doesn't illuminate even after following the full reset procedure. I've tried multiple sets of very, very fresh batteries, with no result. Any ideas? Hi - I'm curious as to what the status of my order is? Thanks! Hi Amperic! Thanks for the KNUT and taking the time to get it right! The instructions are spot on and it's easy to use. I'm almost looking forward to my water heater leaking a wave of water to get the email alert from KNUT :-). Thanks and good luck! Derek Hi Richard, thanks for the reply, I had waited past the transmission period for a fair bit when trying to get it to work but eventually after a few runs it did start working. The colors issue I'm having is that for 3 data sources, the color I assign to, for example, the onboard temp gets assigned to the probe temp on the graph, what I pick for the battery gets assigned to the onboard temp, etc. The other issue I'm having is clicking on a graph to see individual data points, I can't really see how to select one sensor over another and tapping around on the graph seems to stick to one at random (I've been testing monitoring a refrigerator with the probe) and often all I can get details on are the onboard sensor values. What are the symptoms of these failures? I received mine, fun toy but I hope the android app is more stable than the iOS one, graph colors aren't setting right and had to run through the setup several times before I could get more than one data point to log. Please ship mine also. I don't require Android support ! Tks Status? (Android-free) 10 days from your last response, is my order shipped already? Thanks Curious about the status of mine as well. Hello Amperic, Any info on my Knut? I am Android free as well. Send when you can. Thanks. Hi, I am also Android free, please also help to sent out my order, thanks I also don't mind about the missing android app and would like to be shipped. I am also android-free, if that's the reason these things aren't shipping... So the latest excuse for delay is a missing android app? I'm android-free so ship now! Any updates? I built my own solution for what I was going to use this for. But since I backed it I am sure I can find another use. When will be the next major update ? Richard you mentioned the progress of the IOS app any developments on the android app, also will any documentation be provided for the API's that knut will use to allow for other developments ? Yes, I have a need for it soon. Chip What is the status of the sensors? (in a previous update, you stated that they were 15 days behind the Knuts) When do you expect to ship the Knuts with sensors? Chip So have the boards been picked up and any progress on getting more units shipped Still waiting for the next excuse why the Knut is not delivered... Looking forward to the next update Any progress? Hay just wondering if any more units were shipped and if so was one mine ? Hello! I've moved since originally funding this project... Any way I can update my address with you guys? Thanks! Any updates on the shipping schedules? Please send the packages to Europe marked as "gifts" otherwise we must pay high amount of extra taxes and it will cause more delay. More delay and extra cost would mean loosing the last part of interest in your product. How did you go - were the 26 shipped last week? And was one of the mine? :) Any updates on the fabbing? Congrats on reaching the production stage! Looking forward to seeing this thing in action - do you have any photos of the production process? Glad to hear you guys are still moving forward and seem on the right track to eventually get the devices out of the door and in to the hands of the backers. It looks likt we'll have them less than one year after the projected date ;-) Well, getting a product actually manufactured must be quite a challenge (and the number of delayed kickstarter projects is a testament to that), but at least you are communicating openly, which I really appreciate! Good luck! Hi guys, amperic.com is currently returning a 500 error: "...that we're working furiously to correct. Things will be up and running again soon. Thanks for your patience. Also, any updates on the problem? Is it a #fail? How did the meeting with the manufacturer go any update on the final assembly ? Any updates on the boards? Is the issue fixed? *crosses fingers* Thanks for the update - interesting pics - hope the new boards fix the issues. Sounds good, can't wait to play with it - one of my friends works on <url>"won't be junk". After all this time, I'm hoping for something more like "excellent" or "amazing". visiting PCB manufacturers is just a next step. understood and very logical step. but we cannot visualize when this Knut will be shipped out. if you got 4 more steps after PCB manufacturers, tell us 4 more steps and more importantly, you think xxx months/days to finish it. End of Mar already, what your next official update? This is probably a bit late but i was just thinking what sensors come with the "Pledge $80 or more" option. I signed up for this but im not sure what i will recvive. So if everything goes well and you can start production, would you be able to estimate a delivery date? Hi guys, Any updates on when it's ready? Did your new sticker work out ok? Was great to see the unit going through testing, any progress on this e.g. issues found modifications needed to the unit. P.S cant want to get playing with this :) can you update the current status? end of January now. Hi guys, how is it going? Hey Guys! Of course I also like to have my knut soon, but I understand the need to have it thoroughly tested... so, please take your time! Also thanks a lot for adding new functions and the micro SD slot! Last but not least I wish you and your families happy holidays! Best regards, Michael I really hope they start shipping soon can not wait for it! so do you think it will be delivered sometime during january? Any info WHEN you guys are going to deliver? I'm glad you're not willing to send out a half-baked product - other similar products seem to be having all sorts of issues - and of course will be bombarded by support issues as well, as soon as their product is in the hands of consumers. Question: what have you got planned for after-launch support? I'm assuming forums and perhaps a bug tracking solution? Question2: how is ITTT support coming? I'm still happy to help out if I can :o) I know you guys plan on having the ability to update the firmware over the air so why not start shipping some units as is? Your device could not be any worse than my Twine; I tried monitoring my house temperature while I was away this weekend and unfortunately it is so unreliable it is useless. It locks up constantly and gives no remote indication when it does. Any more close to a dispatch date really cant wait for my Knut Receiving my Twine (and experiencing its limitations) has made me so much more eager for my Knut. How's your progress? Just paid for my international shipping plus a few more sensors on hi-tek electronics (order 44) Can you explain what the breakout board is needed for exactly.. I'm not sure if I need one or not. Thanks. I just filled in the survey and find that I did not pledge another $15 for international shipping. Could you advice how can I add back the shipping fee? Thanks :-) Looking forward to get the great Knut! Where are you with delivery estimates? Did survey emails go out? If so, I don't recall getting one.. Thanks 8^) Any chance of an update/progress report? Stupid question would it be possible to have knut relay the data to the phone, and write it to the memory card? I kind of figured this would be the case but thought I'd ask any way Thanks for the update. I really like how you two are tackling the problems as they arise when prototyping. Looks like this will be a real quality product when complete. These things do take time. Remember that it is better to put the time in now rather than having to deal with inherent design problems later, you'll have a better product and happier backers/customers. There is a saying that applies; The sweet taste of the low price (price, speed of release, etc.) is soon forgotten by the bitter taste of poor quality (workmanship, design, etc.) Again thanks and hang tough. Thanks for the reply! looking forward the update from your team in the coming week. When you expect the shipment of final version to none-beta backers? And for the backers choose "additional $25 per sensor", when we are going to select the additional sensor? Time for an update? Wow this is wonderful. I am so glad to be a backer. Hi Guys, I know you have a lot on your plates right now but for future consideration I am curious if there is a way to incorporate the Knut with IFTTT. I would love to pair the Knut with the Wemo for fan and heater control. Thanks loads. Scott Any updates on the protocols? This user's account has been deleted. Yeah, sure, the current clamp sensor would be nice later, no hurry, I am sure there will be a lot to play with already ;-). About the email protocol, yes, maybe you could have the spec up somewhere on a web site or wiki so we can look at it as its changing... Solar panel is 10W / 0.59A / 17.3V max, it will be connected to a solar charge controller (SunGuard SG-4), and a 12V SLA battery, that battery will also be backup power to a security camera on the same roof, then I'll use some step-down circuitry to also power the Knut. I'm not sure of the LED sign mfg. but it's one of those large 2-sided full-video displays mounted with other signage at the entrance of a strip mall, it already plays short AVI/MPG "commercials" for stores around the property, and is driven via DVI connection from a PC. That control PC has the option to include an HTML page for x seconds between commercials, so I was thinking of taking data from the Knut, and displaying it on a .asp page , layout like Time: 1:00pm Temp: 95* Humidity: 43% Windspeed: 2mph - similar to bank signs, but considerably more data. I'll wait to see if I can parse that from an email from Knut, or maybe get it via HTML directly from Knut? As an experiment/for myself, I have a BetaBrite Prism single-line LED sign it might be cool to display Knut data on, although the only interface is USB there. I know I'm jumping the gun here, so I'll assume you'll later have some documentation/wiki with all these connection methods. Besides monitoring the battery charge, if the voltage ever dropped below 11V I'd want an email. The max current I'd care to measure in this application is draw from the 12v 7ah SLA battery (so I can send an email alert of the camera is being powered by the battery or not) I had time over the weekend so I already built the "outdoor weather station" to house my Knut: <url>"Water Presence" sensor for flooded basements or for dry potted plants or for both? Thank you, thank you. What a refreshing, open and rapid response. You have won my heart and my confidence after some other Kickstarter projects have left me wanting!!! The Spec Sheet would benefit from the addition of dimensions and other standard fare but now we all have a more complete picture. What are the signal levels, impedance, resolution etc? Is Knut compliant with any standard such as thermocouples or common thermistors etc? How does the "breakout board" interface to multiple sensors? . I would like to select an additional sensor intelligently and have an idea of what else I might be able to use for my unique applications. How to access the "Spec Sheet" you refer to in the introduction? It would be helpful to understand a bit more about the sensor interface to Knut as well. Thanks for this project! I am a florist and I live 30 minutes away from my shop. When I have cooler issues after hours, I have no way of knowing it, then I come into work the next day and find everything ruined. This monitoring device will help immensely! I'm still trying to figure out how iffit never hit my radar screen. The Knut was super sick to begin with but integration with iffit opens a whole new set of brain cells - I think my head might explode:). Seriously, with that and the Belkin support to get into the physical side, there's allot more potential. I'm thrilled this is going to be successfully funded. Excellent - as far as I'm concerned, your device is now more useful than ninja blocks or twine - would be great if you did a video or two, showing ifttt and Knut in action - I'd be happy to setup some more interesting recipes if you like - contact me privately and we can discuss ideas... Ok - I've setup a recipe here: <url>"#knutwaterlow" when the moisture level drops below a preset amount. This will then create a google calendar reminder for me to water the plants. Is knut able to send such an email, based on a preset moisture value? Hi, Are you considering supporting <url>#temperaturewarning This could be used to trigger a temperature warning in itfff - if you attached a file with details, this would be linked into the trigger, and could be used as part of the trigger. I'd be happy to setup a demo for you, and help integrate, if that would help. Thoughts? Cool. BTW, I backed Twine too, so if there are comparisons needed once I get mine. . . Oh, and happy to beta test as well. . . Just upped my pledge to add a sensor - no way to tell you which one though. I guess you'll have to ask when the project is funded, yes? Less than $1000 to go! I'll help test when needed. All in. Hi, Motion sensors would be nice! How do you enter a network password Whats the major differences and the Twine project? <url>