FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, ANYWHERE, 100% JAPANESE KOBE BEEF JERKY INFUSED WITH GOURMET FLAVORS! KOBE RED JERKY is without a doubt the mosts delicious, most mouth watering beef jerky on the planet! BEFORE WE TELL YOU HOW GOOD OUR JERKY IS WE WANT TO LET YOU READ A FEW OF THE MANY RAVE REVIEWS WE'VE GOTTEN FROM THE FANS AT THE SXSW MUSIC AND FILM FESTIVAL. We went to SXSW in Austin Texas to kick off our "jerky taste test" and to rock out to some great music. We gave away samples of all 3 MOUTH WATERING flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. We exchanged phone numbers with everyone that got a sample and asked them to text us and let us know what they thought of it, the reviews speak for themselves. By the way, these are just a fraction of the great reviews and calls we got, by 5:10pm that day the phone we used for our "jerky taste test" ran out of power from all of the responses -it was awesome (check the battery icon on the screen shots). LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT OUR BEEF JERKY. Lets start at the beginning, my mother and father were both born in Nagoya Japan. Each of their families sent them away to the U.S. when they were younger to go to college with strict instructions to look after each other, and thats just what they did. The two stayed so close that they fell in love, got married and had three kids and settled down in Southern California. When it was my time to go to college I went the other route, I studied in Japan for two years. When school was out of session I would go and live with my uncles on Southern Honshu, where they raised the cattle known as Japanese Kobe Beef. The first time I had real Kobe beef was on my uncles ranch. The meat was crackling and dripping juices from a roasting spit over an open fire. It had been cut into thin strips and chunks. My uncle told me that the steaks from the cattle he raised went to 5 star restaurants in Tokyo but that those upscale restaurants he sold his beef to would never know the delights of "The Ranchers Keep" as he called it. "The Ranchers Keep" was those thin uneven strips and chunks of beef that the fancy restaurants of Tokyo had no interest in. He said that the 5 star restaurants wanted a steak that looked like a steak, cut the same way every time, so he would keep the rest of the succulent beef that did not fit the restaurant industries uniformed templet cut of a "Kobe beef steak" to himself, hence the name "The Ranchers Keep". It was my uncle who taught me how to make those juicy strips and chuncks of "The Ranchers Keep" into beef jerky and I've been making great jerky ever sense. When I came back home I wasn't able to get anymore real Kobe beef because the Japanese government refused to share their delicacy with the rest of the world and would not allow real Kobe beef to leave Japan, but six months ago all of that changed. The export ban on the beef Japan tried to keep a secret was lifted and now you have a chance to taste the finest beef on the planet. SMALL BATCHES OF BEEF ARE WET AGED FOR 7 DAYS IN ITS OWN JUICES AND GOURMET SPICES. Kobe Red Jerky is vacuum sealed in small batches with its special spices and wet aged for 7 days to allow the flavors to permeate every molecule of the beef and to break down the connective tissues of the meat. Our 100% Japanese Kobe Beef arrives by air in refrigerated containers. KOBE RED JERKY COMES IN 3 SAVORY FLAVORS. 1. BROWN SUGAR - LEMON GRASS The flavor is so exotic and delicious it will blow your tastebuds away! It's sweet and savory with rich beef flavor and deep tones from the dark brown sugar with a crazy twist on the end from the lemon grass. Brown Sugar - Lemon Grass flavor 2. SWEET SPICY - GINGER TERIYAKI This teriyaki has a kick you've never experienced before and you are going to love it! Teriyaki, ginger, lime sugar and ghost chili! The flavor goes super nova in your mouth! Sweet Spicy - Ginger Teriyaki flavor 3. SMOKED HONEY - SPICED CURRY After one bite of this flavor, your tongue will be thanking you for the rest of your life! Tupelo and Manuka honey infused with hickory smoke and fragranced with the rich taste of curry, oh my! OUR JERKY IS MADE FROM ALL NATURAL INGREDIENTS. FACTS: Japanese Kobe Beef is known worldwide for being the most succulent, juicy, deeply marbled and flavorful beef on the planet. If you've ever had it, you know it's simply the best in the world. It has been a treasure known only to the lucky people of Japan until just recently. Until just six months ago, if you wanted to taste this delicious beef you would have to get on a plane and go to The Land of The Rising Sun. Today, real Japanese Kobe Beef can be enjoyed in America. ISN'T JAPANESE KOBE BEEF EXPENSIVE? In a word, YES, it's very expensive but only if your buying Kobe beef from a restaurant. The mark up for this delicacy is sky high and thats why we get our beef directly from the ranchers. We've partnered with my uncles and 3 other cattle ranchers from the same region to bring this incredible beef directly to you at a considerable discount. BEER FED CATTLE? You heard right! Beer fed cattle! Ranchers in this region of Japan serve their cattle beer! It increases the animals appetite and relaxes them, this produces better beef. (real party animals) 100% ORGANIC! It is against the law in Japan to use steroids or growth hormones of any kind on Japanese raised Kobe beef. The cattle is also treated to 100% organic feed. MASSAGES? This really happens, I've seen it first hand. Cattle ranchers from this region treat their animals to an occasional massage. They say it increases circulation, marbling of the meat and a less stressful animal which increases the flavor of the beef. WHAT IS MARBLING? In culinary terms, marbling refers to the tiny flecks of fat that appears within the lean sections of the meat. Great chefs say "fat is flavor" and it's true. Plus, the heavy marbling of this beef makes it extremely tender. By the way, the deep marbling makes this jerky so juicy, you just have to taste for yourself. Kobe Beef Wiki Image - used to illustrate marbling. WE WANT TO MAKE WORLD CLASS GOURMET BEEF JERKY AND WE WANT TO PARTNER WITH YOU. We need a Commercial Refrigerator to wet age our beef, our regular "fridge" is covered in beer stickers, it's tiny and old and it just isn't cutting it. Before we send our beef To the USDA - HACCP approved facility that we've partnered with to finish the jerky process, we wet age our beef in spices for 7 days and that requires a larger refrigerator than the one we use now. In return for helping us raise the money for a new Commercial Refrigerator we want to reward you with the best beef jerky on the planet. Join us in our dream of making world class gourmet beef jerky and your taste buds will be forever in your debt. Smoked Honey - Spiced Curry flavor Hi everybody, as we said in an update last week, as a thank you to our amazing backers, every single one of you starting at the $7 pledge all the way to the top would be getting extra jerky. We have been working on several new flavors since March and one stood out amongst the rest, it's sweet, tangy, spicy and smokey, it's called Lime Sugar BBQ. The flavor is like a lime infused sweet bbq sauce over the beefiest ribs you've ever had. We think it's a perfect summer flavor and it's for you exclusively, the backers. You will be the first to try this flavor and we will not introduce it for sell until the beginning of 2014. For now it's all yours and you deserve it. Extra goodies! We are adding a few surprises to your rewards and extra stuff that you are already getting, like a special "Backers Only" coupon for a pretty substantial discount on your next order with us. The coupon will have your backer # on it to let us know that you are a very important person to us. There's some other free stuff that's just fun and we hope you like it. Stay tuned for another update shortly. Thank you, KRJ Hi everyone, we were asked a few weeks ago to take part in a documentary about Kickstarter. The documentary is called "KICKSTARTED" and it is right here on Kickstarter, please look it up. There are interviews from Zach Braff and a bunch of other Kickstarters telling their story and we are going to be in it. Privately we filmed over 30 minutes of footage to give to the documentarians last weekend at our last taste test and it is being edited down to a 2 or 3 minute video that will be posted here, twitter and in the film itself. We have to say thank you to the person who filmed us, his name is Aaron Gerber and he is a student filmmaker that offered his services for free. "Kickstarted" is a great project so check it out. *Important note: We were not aware that it is required to get a persons consent to film them so if you were with us for the time we were filming and you have a problem with being in our video please message us and you will be edited out. If we don't hear from you we will assume that we have your permission. This is the first of several updates today so please stay posted. We will post info every few ours about the new "Backers Only" flavor, websites, twitter, possible distributers and extra goodies in your rewards, so please check back. Thank you, KRJ Hi everybody, join us for a free jerky taste test tomorrow (june 8th) at the Ink-N-Iron Festival in Long Beach CA. at 6pm. We will have sample bites of all three mouth watering flavors and we would love for you to come by. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" t-shirts, we hope to see you there. Hi guys, here is a quick correction to our earlier post, everyone at the $7 pledge level all the way up to the top level gets the extra jerky reward, everyone. So even at the $7 level there will be a beefy reward. Sorry if we didn't make that clear. Check our Friday post for more info. thank you, KRJ Good morning, we think stretch goals can be fun. We like them too, they help a project grow and the amazing backers get extra stuff. We previously posted how you guys had blown right past our stretch goals before we even got a chance to post them, that was extra cool. This morning, we want to let you know that you have done it again! Our backers have surpassed everyones expectations of what a jerky project could do and we are so proud of you for that. As a reward, everyone above the $7 pledge level will receive extra jerky, everyone. It's our way of saying thank you for just being you, no stretch goal finish lines to cross, you are already winners. By the way, did we mention that the reward is a new flavor? Come back for our Frday post for all of the details and other info. Thank you KRJ Good morning, we wanted you to know that we have finished the new artwork for the bags of our (1)oz juicy jerky and it looks pretty cool. We will post the new look on Friday along with some other cool info. Thank you KRJ Good morning, this is just an update, yesterday we started a second batch of jerky to stay ahead of our orders. Once again, if we access the need to start another batch to satisfy demand we have supply on hand to accommodate. Also, we wanted to say thank you to the great people of Boston for having us and coming out to taste our jerky. Also, as alway we want to thank all of our awesome backers. KRJ Hi everybody, we're having two free jerky taste tests of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. Please join us on May 25th at 12 noon outside of the Boston Calling Music Festival in Boston Ma. On May 26th at 12 noon we will be outside of Fenway Park. Come by both days and taste the best jerky in the world and then text us a review. We would love to meet our awesome backers so come by. We will be at both locations until we run out. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" T-shirts. See you there, Thank you KRJ Hi everybody, we have a free jerky taste test coming up this weekend and we would love to see you so please check back tomorrow for location and time. Thank you. It's official, you guys have now made Kobe Red Jerky the most successful beef jerky project in Kickstarter history! This milestone belongs to you, our awesome backers. You made this happen and we are so proud to be a part of this community populated with such amazing people. P.S. this is not a competition and we applaud every Kickstarter, backers and developers alike for having the ideas, vision and desire to reach for something new. That being said, we just think that our backers are the best in the world. thank you, KRJ Before we get to the good stuff you have to hear this quick backstory. Last week we made plans to set a stretch goal, we contacted a company about producing some really cool stuff specifically for you, our awesome backers. The company told us that they would get back to us in a few days with a quote for the merchandise but before the quote came back, guess what, you guys blew right past the stretch goal before we even got a chance to post it. We thought, "that was awesome"! Then we set another stretch goal but the quote for the merch still had not come back so we couldn't post it and then you guys did it again, you went right past the second goal, more awesome! We got the quote back today but by that point you guys had already surpassed a third stretch goal that we didn't even get the chance to post. You guys are the best and to us you have already exceeded our expectations and for that, you should be rewarded. So as of tonight, EVERY single backer will be rewarded for their support. Different backing tears will receive different goodies but no one will be left out. These are just a few of the rewards you can expect to arrive with your sweet and savory jerky: 1. door hangers that read "do not disturb, i'm eating jerky" 2. personalized pens 3. Kobe Red stickers 4. a ringtone of the music from our video and a few other surprises. All of the details are being worked out. Will this be the only stretch goal? No. Will the next stretch goal include something that tastes great? Yes! Stay posted. Thank you so much for your support. Today you have accomplished in making this project a part of Kickstarter history! Today Kobe Red Jerky has more amazing backers than any other beef jerky project ever! And although this is not a competition there is no dishonor in acknowledging your achievements. Take a bow, you deserve it. Here at Kobe Red Jerky we would like to say thank you and congratulations. P.S. stretch goals will be announced tonight. We don't want to spoil the surprise but you may have already surpassed "the goal". Check back in tonight. Good morning Kickstarters, here's a few things we wanted to share with you. First, we have been preparing for our project launch since January and although we were completely surprised by all of the amazing support we've been shown, early on we planned for success. We created and packaged batches of our world class jerky in January, February and March. We are also starting a new batch today. At the completion of our current batch, we will have enough sweet and savory jerky to accommodate twice the amount of orders we currently have. If we assess the need to create another batch this month we have the supplies on hand to fulfill that need as well. Second, we are sticklers about punctuality, we love the excitement "the wait" gives us but when it's time to deliver, we want what we want, when we want it and you probably feel the same way. We wanted to let you know that every order will ship on time, the first week of July. Third, stretch goal are coming TOMORROW! We planned on offering stretch goals in week #4 of the project but then we thought that having them in week #2 would be even better. We plan on rewarding backers at every single level for your amazing support. Thank you so much. KRJ We are leaving NY and heading home after two days of spreading the word and sharing sample bites of the best jerky in the world. We met a bunch of people in the Big Apple that tasted our Kobe Red jerky and they told us that they were hopping on Kickstarter and backing this project. To our surprise, we see that some of our new backers are the very people we just met in NY, awesome! We are headed home now, tomorrow we hit the ground running. We have started another batch of all 3 flavors to stay ahead of our orders and there is much to do. Have a great night and again, thank you for your support. Tomorrow we will be giving away free sample bites of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red for anyone that will text us a review of our jerky. We will be outside of the Great GoogaMooga Brooklyn Prospect Park music festival. We will be there from 3pm until we run out of jerky. If you are in the area please come by for a free bite. We will be wearing Kobe Red "Rising Sun" t-shirts. thank you so much and we hope to see you there. In less than a day and a half we reached our project goal and it's all because of you. It was our goal but your accomplishment. We are so excited to bring you the worlds best jerky and just as proud to be the recipient of your trust. Thank you so much. YOU DID IT! Thank you so much for supporting our dream of bringing you the best jerky in the world. On our first day we have reached a third of our project goal and it's all because of you. thank you for being the first of hopefully many Kickstarters to try our jerky, you're going to love it. Hi Winnafred, the 626 Night Market had no booth rentals available and wouldn't give us permission to pass out jerky at their event. We had our taste test in Long Beach instead. As for whatever some people are doing we have nothing to do with it and have asked them to stop and to not involve our project. Hi Blake, please check our earlier posts, they are there for everyone to read, we have been producing our jerky sense January. We produced batches in January, February, March and two batches in May. Our supply is far ahead of our demand as stated in our previous posts. We will be shipping every order by the first week in July. We are a company that came to Kickstarter to premier our juicy jerky to a wider audience than we could reach with our individual taste tests (19 nationwide taste test to date). We have been crisscrossing the country for six months giving away free jerky and creating a buzz for our company. At the end of the day we are a company that is looking beyond Kickstarter (just like every other company that debuts here) to thrive and grow in the retail market. It should be noted by the way that we personally invited you to one of our free taste tests and we have exchanged 9 messages with you to gain your confidence. Everyone that goes to our taste tests are given free sample bites in exchange for texting us there honest review of our jerky, we actually exchange and collect phone numbers and email addresses at our taste test, that's what every business does, create a mailing lists, we have even taken it a step further. The texted reviews are being compiled for a comment page on our upcoming website. We have a $0 budget for advertising and this was the best way to connect to our future customers. Maybe larger companies do things differently but we don't have a larger companies budget. The people who have tasted our jerky have decided for themselves that they want to back it and that's the true test, isn't it? To address your comment about other websites, sadly there are dozens of them out there trashing Kickstarter and Kickstarter projects every single day and we, just like other developers ignore them, it is usually the bloggers who have nothing to contribute to the world who seem to have the greatest criticisms of it. P.S. we are proud of our backers that have become as passionate about our jerky as we have. Every single Kickstarter developer hopes to get great backers like we have and if they want to express their enthusiasm and excitement we whole heartedly welcome it. Thank you. Hi Nick, we will be having free jerky taste tests outside of "The Taste of Chicago" on july 10th and 11th. We wanted to get a booth and sell our juicy jerky there but the requirement is that your business has to be based in Chicago so we were not allowed to but our taste test are still pretty cool so please come by. We will be launching our website soon and that info and a lot more will be posted there. Hi Matrix, we couldn't get permission from the 626 Night Market. Instead we will be at the Ink-N-Iron Festival this weekend but we don't have the exact time yet. The second we find out we will post it. Hi Zacharius, we are launching our website soon and we will be selling our juicy jerky there. We hope the amazing people at Kickstarter will follow us there and make Kobe Red Jerky, their jerky. As for a mailing list, there will be a section on our website for anyone who wants to join, we hope everyone does. Members of the mailing list will be informed of free jerky taste test locations, new flavor alerts and other great stuff. Thank you for your support. Hi Gavin, we will be shipping every single order the first week of July. You were one of our first pledges and we want to thank you and all of our amazing backers, you are the best. Hi Nikita, our juicy jerky in completely nitrate and msg free. The animals raised for Japanese Kobe beef are extremely well taken care of, well nourished and not at all blind. Thank you for your support. Hi Griffin, we don't ship internationally because many countries have bans on importing beef and we don't know every countries rules and we would hate for your package to be seized by customs. To complicate that, our beef originates from an entirely different country altogether, and the rules get even more complicated when you try to export previously imported beef. I'm glad that you gave us the opportunity to answer that question, we have gotten a mountain of requests from overseas and we would love to ship to those great kickstarters internationally but we just can't. @BB "Vegan Ringers" is what they are called, that's when you send your vegan friend to get extra jerky bites for you. We love it, when somebody likes our jerky enough to send in a Vegan Ringer we know we are hitting the mark. So for the record we would like to invite all of your vegetarian friends to our free tastings and who knows, we just might convert a few. Hi Winnafred, you, our amazing backers have greatly exceeded our expectations and for that some pretty cool rewards are coming, here's a hint, it tastes great. Also in a few days we will be offering a very limited number of larger bags of our juicy jerky for you guys that have been asking for more, please keep an eye on the posts for more info. We never sell jerky at our free jerky taste tests but we always give you enough to satisfy. If we get approval for 626 Night Market we hope to see you there. Sorry about that, (accidentally pressed post comment). Simply put, every single ounce of real Tajima Kobe beef is used. The animal is not just discarded after the expensive cuts have been removed, in Japan every single piece is consumed. I lived in Japan for two years, and we used every single tiny exquisite piece of the animal . We will probably be having another free jerky taste test on June 8th as we previously stated but if you find an event that we could attend before then we would be happy to show up there. We would love for you to taste our juicy jerky and post the review that you believe is appropriate. Please try to adhere to the criteria that we posted earlier about events that we attend as we will not show up to private residences or private parties. Thank you so much. Hi Old Man, we love our backers and we appreciate your questions but do you understand that you are stating facts that DO NOT apply to us. Once again, we are not using whole cuts of beef or steak, we are using the thin slices, shavings and tiny chunks of 100% JAPANESE KOBE BEEF. The rest of the cattle raised as true Kobe beef is not just thrown away after the extremely expensive cuts have been removed, there is a lot of beef left. If you have ever been to Japan you know that every single ouce is used Hi Old Man, what you are referring to are whole cuts of beef. As described on our project page, we are NOT using whole cuts or steaks to produce our jerky. What we are using (as described on our project page) are the thin slices, shavings and tiny chunks of beef that restaurants have no interest in but are perfect for our jerky. Our beef does NOT require certification because it it not a whole cut of beef. Moreover, some of the facts and numbers you are presenting are based once again whole cuts and steaks delivered to restaurants and resellers here in the U.S., we art not a restaurant or a reseller. We love answering all of our backers questions, even your multiple questions, but respectfully, stating facts that do not apply to our beef is potentially misleading to other backers and although we appreciate you $2 backing perhaps this is not the project for you. Thank you Hi Bryan, the answer is YES! We will be in Florida on October 19th at Nerdapalooza and at the Miami Dolphins game on the October 20th. Our official website launches next month, among many other things it will have a list of every location we will be showing up at (with free jerky in hand by the way). So please keep an eye on our posts for upcoming info about that. Thanks. Hi Bryan, we completely understood what Old Man meant but we did not ship our beef to ourselves, it was shipped to us. That information belongs to the "shipper" and not the "receiver". Thank you for your interest. 2nd Batch This Month Good morning, this is just an update, yesterday we started a second batch of jerky to stay ahead of our orders. Once again, if we access the need to start another batch to satisfy demand we have supply on hand to accommodate. Also, we wanted to say thank you to the great people of Boston for having us and coming out to taste our jerky. Also, as alway we want to thank all of our awesome backers. KRJ Hi Old Man, thank you for giving us the opportunity to answer a few questions. First, please read our entire project page as the answers to most of your questions are in our project description. Our imports of beef are as follows, to date we have received six shipments, two shipments in November, one in December, one in January, one in March and one on May 16. We do not export our beef, it is imported. We purchase directly from five ranchers, we do not purchase from resellers, their mark up is sky high and that would make it impossible to produce our mouth watering jerky. We would love to have another free jerky taste test in Los Angeles, here are a few places we shared our jerky since January in California alone: the Rose Bowl, Coachella music festival, the Sunset Strip, the LA Marathon, Third Street Promenade, San Diego Restaurant Week and The Bay Area Brew Festival. We have 14 more free jerky taste tests planned for the rest of the year. We have a budget of $0 for advertising so lean heavily on word of mouth so we usually show up where thousands of people are gathering so we can get as many people as we can to try our sweet and savory jerky. We even asked the Getty Museum if we could give free samples away on their grounds but they respectfully declined. We assumed that the didn't think that fine art and gourmet jerky mixed well, we think it does though. Here in L.A. we have sent a request to the 626 Night Market "Summer Garden Nights" event happening on June 8 at the Front Paddock Garden of Santa Anita Park for permission to give a jerky taste test there but we have not gotten a response yet. If our request is approved we will let everybody know what time to be there. Thank you for your interest. Our second jerky taste test in Boston is outside of Fenway Park tomorrow at 12pm, come out and taste the best jerky in the world. P.S. we'll be there rain or shine. We want to give a big thank you to the backers and new friends that showed up at the Boston Calling Music Festival today. It was cold and rainy but we were so glad to see you. One Bostonian we talked to joked that when it's cold and rainy in May, where she's from, they calls that "jerky eaten weather". We couldn't agree with her more. Hi everybody, we're having two free jerky taste tests of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. Please join us on May 25th at 12 noon outside of the Boston Calling Music Festival in Boston Ma. On May 26th at 12 noon we will be outside of Fenway Park. Come by both days and taste the best jerky in the world and then text us a review. We would love to meet our awesome backers so come by. We will be at both locations until we run out. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" T-shirts. See you there, Thank you KRJ Hi David, we didn't offer a "variety pack" of the (1) oz bags because of packaging costs. It's costs roughly the same to package our (1) oz jerky as it does to package our (3) oz jerky. At the $7 pledge with these packaging costs, it's only marginally cost effective to offer it at this price but we wanted everyone to get a taste of our juicy jerky. We offered a kind of (1) oz "variety pack" included in the highest pledge tier because at that level those packaging costs could be absorbed. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to answer that question. We almost forgot, we have another free jerky taste test coming up so please check our post, we would love to see you. David, we are developing a few others flavors we think are original, daring and most of all, mouth watering and flavor rich. We don't want to ruin the surprise so just hang on a little while longer and we'll keep you posted. At present, we are vigilantly working to stay well ahead of the demand for our current amazing flavors. Thank you for your support. It's official, you guys have now made Kobe Red Jerky the most successful beef jerky project in Kickstarter history! This milestone belongs to you, our awesome backers. You made this happen and we are so proud to be a part of this community populated with such amazing people. P.S. this is not a competition and we applaud every Kickstarter, backers and developers alike for having the ideas, vision and desire to reach for something new. That being said, we just think that our backers are the best in the world. thank you, KRJ Hi Winnafred, we are considering a stretch goal that might answer your question. We will keep you posted. Thank you for your support. Before we get to the good stuff you have to hear this quick backstory. Last week we made plans to set a stretch goal, we contacted a company about producing some really cool stuff specifically for you, our awesome backers. The company told us that they would get back to us in a few days with a quote for the merchandise but before the quote came back, guess what, you guys blew right past the stretch goal before we even got a chance to post it. We thought, "that was awesome"! Then we set another stretch goal but the quote for the merch still had not come back so we couldn't post it and then you guys did it again, you went right past the second goal, more awesome! We got the quote back today but by that point you guys had already surpassed a third stretch goal that we didn't even get the chance to post. You guys are the best and to us you have already exceeded our expectations and for that, you should be rewarded. So as of tonight, EVERY single backer will be rewarded for their support. Different backing tears will receive different goodies but no one will be left out. These are just a few of the rewards you can expect to arrive with your sweet and savory jerky: 1. door hangers that read "do not disturb, i'm eating jerky" 2. personalized pens 3. Kobe Red stickers 4. a ringtone of the music from our video and a few other surprises. All of the details are being worked out. Will this be the only stretch goal? No. Will the next stretch goal include something that tastes great? Yes! Stay posted. Thank you so much for your support. Today you have accomplished in making this project a part of Kickstarter history! Today Kobe Red Jerky has more amazing backers than any other beef jerky project ever! And although this is not a competition there is no dishonor in acknowledging your achievements. Take a bow, you deserve it. Here at Kobe Red Jerky we would like to say thank you and congratulations. P.S. stretch goals will be announced tonight. We don't want to spoil the surprise but you may have already surpassed "the goal". Check back in tonight. Hi Jordan, we have gotten a ton of requests for international shipping and we would love to ship world wide but right now it's prohibited. Tomorrow we are announcing stretch goals and that will include something for the awesome international backers that we can't ship our juicy jerky to. Endorsed by the NYPD? Ok correction, endorsed by the (2) amazing NYPD officers we meet yesterday but the rest of the police force could be next! Yesterday we were in New York giving away sample bites of our mouth watering jerky when we were approached by two police officers that wanted to know what we were doing and what we had in the bag. We told them all about our Kobe Red Jerky and our Kickstarter campaign and then we offered them a bite. THIS WAS NOT A BRIBE! But lets just say Officer Jacob and Officer Colagero left with a little extra jerky, not to "keep there mouths closed" but to tell the rest of the great people on the force how good it was.-lol. They were great guys and they loved our jerky. Apparently the user "king kush" did not read this follow up article by the exact same writer for FORBES magazine just a few months later, please read. also, king kush, KICKSTARTER is not the place for negative commenting. <url>#2. We are currently working on a very limited small batch of juicy, mouth watering "summer flavors" to offer plus a few extra goodies. Thank you for raising that question and thank you so much for your support. I don't believe the money was ever taken out to begin with, the money isn't withdrawn until the project is I suppose "cleared/finished" no money taken till kick starter for the project ends. DId we get my money back for this project? I am new here. *guess Agreed. Def not a legit dmca... still, it might make Kickstarter force them to show they are not committing copyright infringement... and honestly I doubt they have the rights to all this material,, The funding is at 1%... they werent going anywhere anyway... the extra headache for their legal team is just an added bonus i get Did everyone see the new jerky kickstarter? This looks a lot more legit. I am crossing my fingers and backing it. <url>"fierce defenders" of the project have accounts created in july and somehow "tried" the product. Kobe was at least smart enough scamming people of "Pocket money" (ie less than $50). Holo base package is $300... doubt most people will just pledge that much without doing any research No Facebook, it's based in Cali(same as the kobe beef scammer), and has already raised $8,000? Jesus christ do crowdfunders do even the most basic research when it comes to these scams? You'd think kickstarter would dig a bit deeper into people claiming they can produce life-size holograms.... wanna see the newest scam?? This aint even subtle <url>"Interested" about my kickstarter. Three people, and now all three of them are (deleted). Has anyone else been messaged by: Charles Charles Kristina Sanders Keenan Bowman Isn't it bad enough my Kickstarter isn't succeeding, haha, now they have to message me? Wow Elise, that's freaking depressing. Hopefully it'll get taken down by IGG, the guy is a scum bag and retaliated against me personally. <url>"new flavor" I was extra excited. And now.... I'm hearing that this was all maybe one big hoax? That some d-bag did the whole thing as a joke and is now trying to crowd fund a movie based on it? Or is that not even exactly what happened? So not only am I not going to be getting tasty jerky, but my entire participation in it was some guys not so funny take on a "oh hey, I lied to show how many people I can get to pay for a food idea" type of joke? Check this project out on indiegogo. Seriously...who would even think to donate to this? <url>"tax information". Hopefully Mon or Tues it'll be validated and I'll launch it immediately Not saying that I blame them or dont give them credit. Great job by everyone involved. Sorry to hear that you are dealing with this BS. What is your project? Shiffy, they did help expose and compile all the information regarding the kobe beef issue. I can't fault them for spinning it to promote their documentary. My kickstarter will be coming out this week and I designed it BECAUSE of this project, I'm not here because I'm doing a kickstarter. This project was fraud from day one, and oldman and others exposed it for what it is. If it was a fraud within a fraud then it was well orchestrated because I have a police report confirming the retaliation I had to endure when they came after my business on facebook. Kickstarted is doing a great job documenting everything and deserve an equal amount of credit when it comes to busting the KS. I love how the Kickstarted team is getting all the credit for uncovering it all. Might as well spin it positively for their documentary. Nice work. What if the real fraud was that this was all a setup to promote the film. Good luck guys! This was the first project I backed....they had me at Kobe. LOL! I'm extremely happy that preventative measures were taken, I still believe in the concept of crowdfunding, and will continue to support projects that I deem are worthy. Hey all - Thanks to your help and interest, we've successfully spread the word about this scam wide and far. Hopefully it will help educate more people about crowdfunding and what to look for in a project. I think this is a great example of the crowd protecting itself, since it's always going to be difficult for Kickstarter and other platforms to do the policing. Here are some of the articles out already: huff.to/1bEOvkH <url>"Kickstarted." Your support in helping us get funded will go a long way to getting this and other crowdfunding stories out into the world. Click here to see our project: <url>"alt" email address(which I use for forums to avoid spam going to my main email adress) @ <email> I will shoot you an email when my kickstarter goes live. Just waiting on Amazon, if you want I can send you a preview link so you can critique it! :-p @Blake Let us know when you launch you Kickstarter, I'll donate what I can. If there's a way to PM or contact me, please do when you launch as I may not check back here after a few days. This seems to be a good place for the real thing <url>"Accountability" portion of the Kickstarter FAQ. I'm currently feeling a lot less secure about the projects I am backing or have backed. Fingers crossed, I guess. Blake report it. They deal with these type of things. Yes it is a process, but it's not like hes anonymous. Kickstarter, Facebook and his ISP all have his information. He can't hide just because he is doing it on the internet. Benjamin Amazon would do absolutely nothing. Amazon doesn't send the funds to the project creator. Amazon charges your credit card and sends it to Kickstarter. Kickstarter than takes their cut/fee and sends the remainder funds to the Project creator. The only way to get your money back would be to file a chargeback with your credit card company, but then they take away that money from Amazon who I imagine would take the funds from Kickstarter. However Kickstarter can't get those funds back from the project creator as they will already have taken the funds and ran. And this is all assuming you win your chargeback with your credit card company. Looking at the possible options. Facebook requires a Subpoena to come from Law Enforcement from my understanding of reading their policies. Even then proving it was Desjon Allen would be difficult because it came from a Mike Walden. The red tape and legal costs we would incur would mean collecting would be almost impossible. It looks like he contacted at least two people that I know personally, still waiting to see if more people step forward. Not only was I completely duped, but I actually took to the comments section to defend the project. Even after the funding was suspended, I still wanted to believe. I want to apologize to Old Man for being dismissive of his concerns, and thank everyone who was paying attention and saved us all a bunch of money. This whole ordeal has soured me on Kickstarter, but I am glad that they were alerted and suspended the project. I have confidence that the Amazon payment system would have provided another layer of protection, possibly refunding our money if the scam had been discovered after funding, although I think it is far better that we never got to that point. Blake definitely contact your attorney. This is an easy case. Have them subpoena Kickstarter for Desjon Allen's information as they will have everything your attorney will need. It is quite obvious that this idiot has no idea how to navigate through life. He just set himself up for a world of hurt. Thanks Blake Looks like Magnus Fun Inc got rid of their website, and the whois for uhadme got xferred to Domcollect.com <url>"business" called Desjon Deluxe I believe our information is in kickstarter and never gets sent to the creator only the payments. I just want to send a big thank you to everyone who was involved in bringing this to light. This will definitely make me think twice about backing projects in the future. Anyone try calling Chicago PD to see if they can check out that address? <url>"Catfish" of kickstarter! @Ryan (quoted from Reddit): [–]SamOldman 4 points 5 hours ago No - I'm not the same person... "Sam OldMan" is a pseudonym for my dog, Sam, who looks like an old man. The "Old Man" from that Kobe KS comment page is an actual old man. Disclaimer: I may be completely off base. If so, I apologize. But this is just too much of a coincidence. New news: I was doing some sleuthing and I have figured out who "old man" really is. Old man is the same guy who is running the sriracha jerky campaign. How do I know this? Well, looking through Jason's reddit thread, I stumbled upon this: <url>"pedophile" comment on your business page though, because even wildly inaccurate and false accusations can really hurt someone these days. Employers may not believe said whacko nutjob, but it's enough to put the barest hint of doubt into someone who may want to hire you, but gets scared off and decides, "oh well plenty of job seekers out there". Wow I'm so happy you guys saved me from getting scammed. I haven't been following for the last couple of days. Thanks old man for coming through with the info. You were right the entire time. I love how all the "supporters" are gone. Wonder why? Yea... When I first saw oldman's posts and "everyone"(turns out to be shills) was attacking him it really made me take a closer look. He was smarter than me and didn't use his real name, so lucky for me I got to deal with some backlash from the scammers. Oh well hopefully they'll disappear into the shadows they came from and won't start another kickstarter. Makes me wonder what legal precautions kickstarter takes to vet these people, the other kickstarters I've pledged all have looked on the up and up and are responsive to questions. Also, I don't know where he went, but Thanks a lot @OLD MAN. Really thank you for bringing up some of the very first questions and bringing out the vitrol spewing trolls. @Saxon Actually, Kobe Red really shot themselves in the foot when they mentioned the Kickstarted project, I, and I am sure many others, immediately started messaging the Kickstarted project to verify they actually were included in the project. The Kickstarted project is very transparent with its interviewees and include well known figures like Zach Braff. If you check our their page, you will immediately see the vast differences between this project and theirs. On a side note, anyone notice that Magnus Fun,Inc. profile/account is now completely deleted? Really sad, I would of really loved some delicious real kobe beef jerky. I never paid attention to the comments here. I initially looked at this project a few days ago and then this morning after finding out I would miss jerkyfest in NYC because I would be out of town, listened to my stomach decided to pledge the $40. I got the email around 11:30 just 2 hours after I backed them stating that the project had been suspended. I'm very glad Kickstarter caught on to this and thanks to everyone that was paying more attention then me. I only recently started using Kickstarter and the fact that they prevented this scam bolsters my confidence in them just as much as it would have been broken if they had missed it. It's still a reminder that we need to pay close attention to these projects when choosing what to back. I'm just waiting for my 2 copies of "Something Different" once that project finishes funding. (Check it out if your into Card Games) Thanks again to everyone. I did think it suspicious there were no people or faces in the video. I guess it makes sense to not want to go on camera if your doing a scam / something shady. @todd - Yes, all of the taste tests appear to be lies. I verified that the one in Long Beach was 100% a lie. More details here on our reddit post: <url>"KOBE" beef retails for well over $100.00 a pound. Beef jerkey is made from "Lean cuts of meat" so Kobe jerkey is almost a oxymoron. I reported this to KS within the first hour. I wrote Magnus fun about why they posed MY Kobe beef photo from google....I also asked him to post some pictures of the meat in its raw form. his reply was. hi jeremy, please read our entire project post, we get our beef directly from my two uncles and three neighboring ranchers. as described, our kobe beef are the uneven strips, shavings and small chunks that will never be sold in a restaurant but are perfect for jerky. to use a word i am not comfortable with when referring to food, our pieces of kobe beef are considered "scraps", but again those "scraps are perfect for jerky. the reason we didn't use a picture of our beef in its raw form is because it's not very attractive that way, it is not at all as uniformed as a steak or any other actual "cut" of beef. when selling an item that you want people to enjoy eating, it is best not to show them what is "behind the curtain". you would not invite a mcdonald's customer to the slaughter house to see where their hamburger patty came from, it just isn't done. as described in the caption under the wiki photo, it was simply used to illustrate marbling in regards to the beef. please check our updates, we will be in brooklyn tomorrow and i would love to meet you in person. you can taste our jerky for yourself and give it the review you believe it deserves. on a personal note, my father is visiting his mother just outside of osaka until june and he says he left japan because of the humidity and now it has him again -lol. I am in Long Beach, CA today so if anyone has Desjon Allen address please message it to me as I would like to go take a look at some things. thanks be to you all and to kickstarter for plugging this and cutting it off before I lost out 100 dollars. I've had kobe before and was super stoked to see this in the kickstarter front page. I'm glad it was taken care of. let this be a lesson I guess... this should really make it into the documentary as part of the potential risk in crowd funding. if I had a say, and I hope you might take this idea to heart with perhaps some credit my way, I would name the segment "A Fistful of Dollars. " oh, and seriously, the only quote that comes to mind, and won't leave my head is; "And I would have gotten away with it too, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!" Cheers on some quality investigative reporting. we really need to turn the screws on people like this. Cheers all! Wait, so Katy was fake? My heart is broken, I thought we would be together forever(Or at least until she caught me eating meat while insisting my juicy steak was tofu). "Eliway" was a disgrace, using the Military to lend credibility to his posts, isn't it technically illegal? As far as this project goes, at first I was like everyone else and backed it and forgot about it. Then I started digging and going back and for with "Magnus" and kept getting conflicting answers while they ignored all my basic questions. Up until this morning I was even going to keep a $75 pledge so that I could see if they could really deliver, but kobe beef is NOT designed for beef jerky due to the marbling and the fact it would go rancid very quickly. I would like to thank everyone for bringing the 'red flags' to light and getting this project shut down. I was blinded by my stomach seeing as I've had Kobe in the past and thinking about having it again was making my mouth water and stomach growl...... which blindly led me to pledge at the $59 level. I have pledged 2 other projects in the past that were suspended due to being scams. I'm sad this is the third, but at the same time, I'm happy no money was taken from the backers. I knew Sgt. Eliway was full of shi*.... I asked him to tell me what branch of the military he was in and he mysteriously disappeared immediately following my question. @oldman - Great job on fishing out the stanley account as being Desjon Allen AKA Magnus Fun Inc himself. And of course all the other shills pretending to have tasted this non existent kobe beef jerky and just having to come in here and tell us all about it. All those accounts were obv Desjon Allen himself. Also reading back right now and catching up it was obvious what the shill account Katy Berman AKA Desjon Allen AKA Magnus Fun Inc was trying to do. That shill account was trying to drown out all the negative facts and concerns that Blake and Old Man and other concerned legitimate backers had raised by spamming tons of Meat is Murder nonsense and hopefully gain even more support in the last few hours. Since the project failed that shill account will no longer be posting anymore. And I finally had to LOL as I could picture Desjon Allen AKA Magnus Fun Inc eagerly watching the Kickstarter funding countdown picturing the $120k he was about to collect in this scam only to be cancelled in front of his own eyes with an hour to go. Now that is entertainment I would have paid for to watch myself as this SCAMMERS dream is deflated in a matter of seconds. How does it feel Desjon Allen for $120k to be taken away from you when you were ever so close to it? Only if you would have started this project 1 hour earlier so it would have ended before Kickstarter got a chance to cancel it on you. Oooops. Thanks for the laugh. And just in case this is not a clear to anyone, this project was a SCAM. It was not cancelled by Desjon Allen AKA Magnus Fun Inc who is a scammer. It was cancelled by Kickstarter for being a SCAM. Once again thank you to Blake, Old Man, and all the others who looked out for the best interest of the 3000+ backers who were about to be scammed by Desjon Allen and never gave up after going against 20+ fake shill accounts of Desjon Allen that kept repeating the same nonsense over and over again. I hope they bought a couple thousands pounds of jerky they have to eat themselves (or rather himself lol). That would be poetic. I left B.B off the list because I called out the people that were basically spamming and shooting down everyone with questions or concerns. As to whether or not there was to be any jerky ever it was probably just repackaged stuff from costco or Safeway/Giant. Studies have shown that if you repackage something "mediocre" and then tell people it's high quality stuff they'll think it's better than it really is. Blind taste tests have been done on everything from wine to food(there was a restaurant where they experimented with different quality china, different decor, etc to influence people's taste buds and tricking them into thinking they got a better product) I find it highly skeptical that they would have given out thousands of samples of kobe beef jerky and only get 5-6 people to come here and comment, and all of them were borderline impossible to talk to. Doing tons of taste tests and not having any video or pics really made me skeptical. @blake We have more information on some of these folks already, but I don't want to release it until we can verify. Things like this make me sad, Kickstarter is the one who brought this to my attention, giving it a front page "pick". At least they cancelled it before I was scammed. It frustrates me because I am actually trying to make an awesome Kickstarter for something I believe in, and am getting no attention. But a scam Kickstarter gets a front page hit, and over three thousand backers. Oh well. At least I wasn't out my money. @Blake, yeah, those were the people I didn't want to call out here. But add B.B. to that list, she's been here the longest and claimed to have tried some. I don't know why, but I really want to know if there was never any jerky in the first place. I think I could understand if Magnus Fun overpromised and could not deliver the quanities, or if they ran into regulatory problems. Shit happens. But if it was all a lie from the beginning, well I don't know if my trusting heart could handle that kind of betrayal. Nice compilation Jason. I hope we can track down "Desjon Allen" to get answers, that's assuming they used their real names for anything. That sucks, so I guess it was a scam all along. That's what they say about things that are too good to be true. This comments section is weird though, I scrolled down a bit and you got somebody with nothing better to do than make a joke account to spam messages like a preachy vegetarian stereotype. It really says a lot when you're bored enough to troll one Kickstarter comments section for whoever knows how long. Hey guys: We've been investigating this now for a couple of days - thanks to tips from many of you. A LOT of red flags on this one. We have, we think, a lot of the answers here: <url>"Meat is Murder" Berman? I wonder if she knows that PETA opposes the "No Kill" movement and murders 89% of the animals in its care per year. They murder wholesale and for free too. Their idea of helping animals is the same as Dr (Death) Jack Kevorkian's stance on helping the elderly. Why don't you support a truly worthy cause like ASPCA and stop spouting your nonsense? I. Am. Caveman. Yea, disappeared when they realized they weren't going to be able to take the money and run. Notice how all the fervent defenders that spammed here whenever anyone raised questions have gone silent as well? Fake accounts @Celia I don't think Katy was the reason this project got suspended at all - all signs pointed towards Magnus Fun trying to scam us. I'm glad Kickstarter caught this in time. Alright, well with Magnus Fun gone, and KS policy prohibiting discussing the suspension, I guess we aren't going to get any answers. Would anyone that actually tasted the Jerky care to reaffirm that they actually ate it, and aren't shills? I don't want to call people out, but by my count there were at least 8 backers who claimed to have been present at a taste test. It would be nice to know that there was in fact a product at some point, whether or not it was actually Kobe. @LaMott This project was not cancelled - it was suspended by Kickstarter. All signs pointed towards this project being a scam. Blake had a good list of red flags he posted like an hour ago. Sad to see the suspension here I was really looking for a great bday present for the hub. The entertainment value seems to have skyrocketed in the last few hours. I enjoy the fact that some seem to feel it is *okay* to violate the respectful conduct guidelines to attempt to make their point. It makes little sense to me why it is acceptable to some to tramp all over someone else to MAKE them believe what you believe. guess i am going to have to rely on the bacon jerky alone. This is 9/11 for the foodie. :( a coffee table book of cell phone pictures. it was not successful. On their (now dead) kickstarter bio, it says they started 2 projects? Anyone know what their other project was? And they are no longer on kickstarter. Whoa!. So the reason for the cancellation is a problem with transporting Kobe Beef internationally?. I was really looking forward to this. oh man what happen? @Lynda. I think oldman raised some points but got way off tangent. He should have stuck to the real issues which are the legitimacy of the Kobe Beef. I received a message weeks ago saying they would show the proof they had that it's 100% Japanese Kobe beef, never received any information. Oldman didn't potray his points very effectively. Magnus Fun Inc claims to be a real company, yet they're not incorporated and have no real contact information. I'm highly doubtful anyone would have received any product and my guess is so was Kickstarter AUTHENTIC Japanese Kobe Beef is extremely expensive and only so many cattle are certified in Japan per year. Even less exported to the US. A 4 oz sirloin goes for $150+. Kobe beef was banned from importation until Aug of 2012 @Blake, Do you think @oldman was right from the beginning.... he was trying to warned us? What's on your opinion? Thanks! Did anyone get the message saying Funding Suspended Funding for this project was suspended about 1 hour ago. Damn, I see the red flags people were mentioning but I really wanted to try kobe jerky. Or just real kobe beef in general. Hopefully, there will be a legit kobe beef based project. I wouldn't think that offering a coupon as a bonus reward would be enough to get the project suspended in the final hours. At least, I hope that isn't enough. @ Brandon, there is significant shrinkage when it comes to making beef jerky. There is no way they couldn't "afford" the fridge,yet had already started making thousands of pounds of beef jerky before the kickstarter was over. The real kicker had to be their update yesterday where they claimed to shoot a private video for a documentary that they were "asked" to be part of, yet the creator of that project pretty much shot them down immediately. @Jason, except other kickstarters have offered coupons. That alone won't get your campaign pulled completely, they might ask you to take down the coupons but suspending a kickstarter meant something else. @Anant, Don't praise or blame me, I merely consolidated red flags other people raised. Magnus had a LOT of time to answer these questions and show us who they are, it's not like we waited until the last day to raise these issues. In fact I had several private messages with them and their answers got more and more bizarre and didn't actually answer any questions I had. The promise of information coming went on since the beginning of the kickstarter and my guess is they never had any intention of delivering on the project or even setting up a website. Only 5-6 people out of THOUSANDS that they supposedly gave jerky out to posted on here, only 5-6 people liked the jerky enough to back the project and post, and none of them had video or pictures. @Blake Thanks for getting Kickstarter involved and saving us from this SCAM. I wasn't following this project as closely as I normally do for all projects that I back, but after reading your list, they definitely were showing the signs of a SCAM in action. So thanks again for not letting this go through! They lied about being in that documentary as well. @Jason I doubt that was the sole reason. I know at least 50 backers reported this to KS. I am sure this was a scam. And I wholeheartedly thank all those who raised questions instead of blindly handing them your money. Also a single cow I believe is generally around 2000 pounds so 1600 really isn't that outrageous. I retract my statement as there is likely more to this then my armchair investigating. Ya after reading a bunch of comments I was scrollling back up to change my 40$ pledge to 7$ just to be safe and use the coupon later if it turned out to be legit. Also my paranoid mind started to think Katy berman was a magnus plant to make us mad and oeder more meat..... That honey lime flavor sounded really good, pretty disappointed. Maybe I can make my own. Where did you get 3000# from? If you add it up its only 1600 which really isn't an unrealistic amount. So, uh, what happened? They offered coupons, against ToS. This wasn't a scam stop saying your right, go away. Why is everyone laughing? She was the girl of my dreams and now we'll never be together. I would have treated her good, would have even splurged for Chima, I know she would have loved an all you can eat meat buffet where they bring the filet mignon to your table... @Blake Grandon HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, it's funny because I actually am trying to be pescatarian this summer and this jerky was the only "meat" I was going to eat this summer so your interaction with Katy was hilarious. Thanks for the last laugh, my friend. @Blake Nice write up I hope we do get an explanation from Kickstarter or from Magnus Fun Inc. I was actually really hoping this would turn out to be real. I had pledged $75 from the start and followed it closely. The biggest red flags for me were: 1. Supposedly too poor to advertise and the money raised would be used for a fridge and to buy the product, yet when pressed to how they would get so much kobe beef they stated they were already making the jerky. Hint: Realize that they don't get the money until AFTER the kickstarter runs, yet they were already ramping up production? 2. No public face, no team behind Magnus Fun Inc, no previous food experience? 3. Shills that had a website using the same email address as Magnus Fun Inc. 4. Every Taste tester vigorously defended the campaign, recently registered, and had no pictures or video proof. 5. 3,252 backers would have meant at LEAST 3,000 LB of kobe beef, which would have been virtually impossible for them to import, even if they got the scraps that would be more kobe beef scraps than exists. Too many red flags for me and their answers were downright bizarre when they answered questions in messages. Kickstarter will not say anything about it. If Magnus Fun Inc wants to talk about it we might get some details. I guess it's pretty obvious this was a scam.. What a shame Do we get any kind of explanation? Were they unable to supply the promised rewards? Or was this a complete fraud from day 1? @Blake Oh defiantly. I think you two really had a moment there. I think in the future I will need to scrutinize my kickstarters more carefully. Well, this did seem too good to be true. I am glad that some of you (Blake Grandon, Matthew Coffer) were looking out and saved me $40 from this (now) obvious scam. Thanks. Brian, think she'll call me? Wow, I had no idea that there was even a question about their legitimacy.. Thank god for everyone who questioned it and forwarded their concerns to Kickstarter! NOOOOOO I was looking forward to this so much! What happened? this is the first time in my relationship with kickstarter Ive had this happen...I hope some explaination is forthcoming Saw this from a mile away. I think an "I told you so" is appropriate. odd that katy disappeared as soon as the suspension hit. Luis, if you start a kobe beef jerky kickstarter I'd totally pledge it. At least your name would be attached to it. There were way too many red flags thrown up by others and myself and zero answers given. If Kickstarter cancelled it then they probably agreed with the lack of transparency. If it was cancelled by Magnus Fun Inc it was most likely because they knew they couldn't deliver. Guys, "suspended" by Kickstarter looks to me to be the same as cancellation. "Project suspensions are not reversible." "Your has been automatically canceled and you will not be charged. No further action is necessary." Blake lists some pretty valid concerns. It's always possible that Kobe Red had been ready to collect $120K on a $2K goal and maybe not fulfill anything. ...time to order myself a smoker Man i was really looking forward to this one.... Aww, what happened to Katy? I'm already missing her ಠ_ಠ Is a suspension reversible? No. Once a project has been suspended it cannot be undone. Wha....? First time I've seen a project suspended like this... OK ... really looking forward to the next "update" from Magnus Fun Inc now.... it wansnt cancelled it was suspended by kickstarter No. No. No. NOOOOOOOO! Funding suspended with an hour to go. first time I have ever seen that happen. Called it. Cancelled because the creators knew they couldn't fulfill 3,000LB+ of Kobe Beef. I cast Lvl. 3 Eroticism. You turn into a real beautiful woman. Your turn Meat is murder! Aight, I put on my robe and wizard hat. Your turn Katy! Boycott beef! Boycott this project! You are insulting on every level, you are so disgusting, do not address me again! I take it English isn't your first language. Or you fail at reading comprehension... With only 69 minutes to go, anyone on the fence needs to read this: 1. Magnus Fun Inc has not done a single video with them in it. 2. There are no public names attached to the project, therefore no one can be held accountable. 3. The website they promised is blank except for their name, they used a proxy company to avoid having to disclose who they are. 4. No physical address or phone number, which means they can disappear immediately after getting the funds. 5. No proof that their kobe beef is 100% Japanese, other than their claims. 6. They insisted they would provide documentation weeks ago. 2 hours left and nothing. 7. A few people have posted vitriol designed to shut down anyone raising any questions, it's obvious no one wants to address the elephant in the room. 8. Most projects that are extremely well funded can easily have over 1,000 comments. 9. They claimed to have already filmed a documentary and insisted they were part of the Kickstarted project yesterday, the creator of the project shut that statement down. With less than 2 hours to go it's clear Magnus isn't going to actually address any questions and given their response rate it would have nothing to do with the actual questions. 10. Me and Katy are going to get married, all of you are invited to the Red wedding. Bring Jerky cause I'm not keeping my pledge due to the lack of concrete answers from Magnus Inc. You are a disgusting , insulting knuckle dragger! It's no wonder you're on here buying this disgusting product, you subhuman thing! Somebody's played way too much Pokemon.... Not that there is anything wrong with that (Hint it's Katy) Only cavemen eat me! Evolve! Meat is murder! Meat is murder! If you support this project you support murder! With only 77 minutes to go, anyone on the fence needs to read this: 1. Magnus Fun Inc has not done a single video with them in it. 2. There are no public names attached to the project, therefore no one can be held accountable. 3. The website they promised is blank except for their name, they used a proxy company to avoid having to disclose who they are. 4. No physical address or phone number, which means they can disappear immediately after getting the funds. 5. No proof that their kobe beef is 100% Japanese, other than their claims. 6. They insisted they would provide documentation weeks ago. 2 hours left and nothing. 7. A few people have posted vitriol designed to shut down anyone raising any questions, it's obvious no one wants to address the elephant in the room. 8. Most projects that are extremely well funded can easily have over 1,000 comments. 9. They claimed to have already filmed a documentary and insisted they were part of the Kickstarted project yesterday, the creator of the project shut that statement down. With less than 2 hours to go it's clear Magnus isn't going to actually address any questions and given their response rate it would have nothing to do with the actual questions. 10. Me and Katy are going to get married, all of you are invited to the wedding. Bring Jerky cause I'm not keeping my pledge due to the lack of concrete answers from Magnus Inc. All of you should cancel your pledges! You should be ashamed of yourselves! @Katy Thanks for supporting this project. Blake, you are hilarious. I love it However, because of the legitimate concerns raised, and because Magnus Fun has done nothing to alleviate these concerns or even address the people attacking those with concerns, I am canceling my pledge. This is the most poorly managed kickstarter campaign I have been part of, including the ones that failed to deliver. At least those kickstarters still communicated, had transparency, and explained their issues. @ Katy, so have you thought about who will cater our wedding? I'm thinking Magnus Fun Inc, they seem reputable, no information but at least they allowed us to meet on kickstarter. For our honeymoon we should go to a meat packing plant so we can learn firsthand how to butcher a whole cow. Thoughts? Meat is murder! You're a really sick person and it makes sense you knuckle dragger. Do not address me again you caveman! See Katy, I know we can agree, that's why we're a perfect couple. We should both keep a $1 pledge so that we can communicate in the future on here. Romance pops up in the weirdest places. You didn't include any instructions in that post. Dear Katy, standing here holding a book waiting for your instructions. You sound like a dominatrix. /Hawt Boycott beef! Boycott this project! You sound like The kind of man that couldn't be left alone with a woman, you disgust me! You stupid meat eater! Okay, holding a book. Now what? I love Larping. You people are so fucking sick! You stinking cavemen! Pick up a book! So save me from my wicked ways. Why are you rejecting my salvation? Why are you enabling me to be a murderer? Help me before I get sucked into a possible scam by Magnus Fun Inc. Only you can save me, and you have 85 minutes to agree that we should totally be an item. All this talk about meat has made me hungry. Totally getting a steak tonight. Meat is murder! Marry me? Your lack of conviction and questionable knowledge base/limited vocabulary intrigues me. You're like Magnus Fun Inc but at least you have a name, that is if Katy Berman is really your name. And that's why you're on here harassing people. You are clearly the more evolved being. You people are disgusting and too stupid to know better! You are a less than human thing! If we're not supposed to eat meat, why does it taste so good? Boycott beef! Boycott this project! Only cavemen eat meat! so why are you supporting murder? I've given you 3 chances to "convert" me to your lifestyle. Why are you not willing to do "whatever" it takes to save lives? You're clearly not committed to your cause, which disappoints me greatly. Now I'm sad, why did you make me sad? The only recourse I have left is to up my pledge on this and keep it in the hopes that it impresses you enough to be with me. Supporting this project is supporting murder! Meat is murder! @Brian I know right, I'm romantic as shit and I'd even give up meat just to see what being with a hardcore extremist would be like. @Katy, Agreed on one thing, boycotting this product would be great... Except it's a tad late for that. How about you and me do some boycotting of our own? You get so cute with your righteous rage. You are a disgusting Piece of shit! Caveman meat eater! Boycott beef! Boycott this project! @ Blake I like your style in dealing with the heckler :) She should take you up on the offer. At this point odds are he won't pick up the phone. He refuses to actually provide any information. This thing is probably one of the most fraudulent kickstarters ever and he'll have $120k in his pocket in less than 2 hours. Katy, I already asked you once, but clearly I need to step up my game. You, me, Red Lobster, and the finest $2 bottle of wine we can afford. Don't worry, I'll bring a bottle opener so we can avoid paying a corkage fee. PETA does more for the world than you ever will you caveman! Desjon Allen owner of Desjon Deluxe in Long Beach, California (562) 313-2356 Not sure if this is the guy our money is going to, but if anyone feels froggy could give him a call. Not a too many Desjon Allen in the directory. Supporting this product is supporting murder! Meat is murder! Why evolve when I can have a Psyduck level 99? At least you're consistent and we can get answers out of you... Did you know Peta kills more animals than meat eaters ever will? Yeah Blake... I'm seeing that now... I have to admit, since my investment was only $7, I haven;t been following it that closely. Now that I'm reading... I can definitely see reasons to be skeptical... @Katy berman Just look at yourself - you are forcing your opinions and lifestyle onto others. You should be ashamed at yourself. PETA is a joke of an organization - you should be asham of yourself for supporting them. Do a simple google search and you will see what a hypocrite they are. Boycott beef! Only cavemen eat beef! Evolve! Katy, you got me, I'm ashamed. We should go out sometime. Old Country Buffet has steak nights where they serve up the most delicious plate of murder for cheap. It'll be on me, what do ya say? Meat is murder! If you support this project you support murder! True, but there are a LOT of other red flags that are pretty big Jason. The main one being no names behind the project, "Desjon Allen" could disappear immediately after getting the money. Blake... I just wanted to say that I don't think it's impossible to make jerky with high fat content beef. Usually when I make mine at home, I actually choose to buy a fairly high fat content "fajita" meat from the local Hispanic market. I particularly like how the fat dries and how that "oil" flavors the jerky. You bring up some interesting points, but my own jerky always turned out how I wanted it with the fat, so I can't write these guys off completely. Only cavemen eat beef! You should all be ashamed of yourself! I agree! You sexy murderer you! Supporting this project is supporting murder! Meat is murder! Perfect! You're disgusting, only a caveman would make a gesture like that. It's okay because this campaign is pretty much fraudulent given that Magnus Fun Inc doesn't really exist Does that mean you don't eat "meat"? Meat is murder! Omg a new slogan. Are you single? You sound possibly mentally unstable, and that's hawt. PETA does way more for this world than Kickstarter! Only cavemen eat beef! Got a spare evolution stone? I keep trying to evolve but I'm not high enough level I think, maybe I should just battle more meat until I can evolve. You're a dumb spam bot, it's okay, we all have our quirks. If you support this project you support murder! Meat is murder! You are a dumb caveman! Evolve! Meat is murder! Does PETA have spam bots or something? Clearly you're smart enough to actually respond to us, or maybe not.. I don't support this project so carry on. Meat is murder! So is a lack of transparency and communication in the last 2 hours of a kickstarter! If you support this project then you support murder! Meat is murder! What about chicken Katy? Is that ok? Or fish? What IF I want to be a caveman? Cavemen are awesome, why are you a bigot against cavemen? This is a refreshing distraction from asking questions that won't get answered by Magus Fun Inc... Don't worry I already reported her. Only caveman eat beef! Meat is murder! That's nice, I bet Katy Berman isn't even your real name. Good thing I'm not supporting this project then! Wouldn't want to be called a murderer... Supporting this project is supporting murder! Meat is murder! I'm not supporting this project... It's okay though, I forgive your meat deficiency causing a lack of oxygen to go to the brain. Really wish there was a report function for comments. Katy, why are you supporting this project, since only backers can post here? Supporting this project is supporting murder! Meat is murder! Meat is murder! Only cavemen eat beef! Evolve! You're too dumb to know that supporting this project is supporting murder! Murder never tasted so good. So Katy, are you just some weird shill for Magnus designed to distract us for 2 hours? Do not buy beef, it's murder! Meat is murder! Boycott beef! Because nothing does more to promote a cause like insulting the people you might want to convert. Just for you I'll make sure it's an extra large steak. You stupid knuckle dragging meat eater! Aww how cute, a vegetarian/Vegan hatemonger. I'll be thinking of you Katy when I eat a nice juicy steak tonight. I love how you signed up for kickstarter just so you could slam everyone that eats meat. The more I look for information on Magnus Fun Inc the fishier it gets, Desjon Allen(who the money goes to) has no facebook, no twitter, and doesn't sound very Japanese... Meat is murder! You stupid caveman! I love to see you piece of shit meat eating cavemen fighting like the fucking savages that you are! You too fucking dumb to know that eating meat is murder! You stupid fucks! I love to see you piece of shit meat eating caveman fighting like the fucking savages that you are! You too fucking dumb to know that eating meat is murder! You stupid fucks! Welp, I'm out. If it's too good to be true, it normally is. I wish KRJ and Magnus Fun luck if I'm wrong, but ya... this jerky smells fishy. Tanner, I'm the one picking a fight? You refuse to actually address any very valid concerns. I agree Jon, I may keep a $7 pledge so that I can post after the fact when no one receives actual kobe beef jerky. It's pretty simple Tanner, Kobe beef isn't designed for jerky because it has a huge fat content, which is actually BAD when making beef jerky. That coupled with the ambiguity of WHO is behind Magnus Fun Inc raises some serious questions This user's account has been deleted. Pretty much all the folks voicing concerns here have backed a number of projects here for the last year, myself included. The most bothersome element here is lack of communication from the folks running this. People are free to voice their concerns over why we're being kept in the dark, and the rest of the group should respect this. Once they get your money, it will take a call to your bank or worse to get it back. I am about to cancel my pledge. The reasons: 1) I have never had a kickstarter where the owner refused to do something so simple as posting a video to say hi. They have continually ignored a large number of customers, and that is a sign of what is to come. 2) This is food we are talking about. I will not ingest something (especially meat) from a company that I don't trust. The fact that they have decided not to be open to their customers makes me not trust them. 3) I now truly believe the video that they are saying is coming is a lie. I believe it was an attempt to get the people who were asking for some video to shut up. Remember, they only need to hold on to their pledgers for 2 more hours before they have $100K in their hands. Do what you want. I have pledged a lot of Kickstarters, and this is one of the worst ones I have ever seen. I have seen a few fall apart after they have the money, but rarely have I seen them ignoring customers before they have the money. Good luck to you all. This user's account has been deleted. Tanner: 1. It's easy to see who is posting non-stop in defense of KRJ without answering any questions that arise. 2. No one nominated me for anything, just as no one nominated you to shut down any questions directed towards Magnus Fun Inc. 3. I haven't been starting fights at all, I've asked questions that constantly have gotten ignored. 4. I'm not going anywhere, at least until the project gets cancelled at the last hour when the creators realize they can't actually deliver on the product they claim is 100% Japanese Kobe Beef. Now if you'd actually like to answer or show me where they answer any questions, here are the biggest sticking points for a lot of us. 1. They have not done a single video with them in it. 2. There are no public names attached to the project, therefore no one can be held accountable. 3. The website they promised is blank except for their name, they used a proxy company to avoid having to disclose who they are. 4. No physical address or phone number, which means they can disappear immediately after getting the funds. 5. No proof that their kobe beef is 100% Japanese, other than their claims. 6. They insisted they would provide documentation weeks ago. 2 hours left and nothing. 7. A few people have posted vitriol designed to shut down anyone raising any questions, it's obvious no one wants to address the elephant in the room. 8. Most projects that are extremely well funded can easily have over 1,000 comments. 9. They claimed to have already filmed a documentary and insisted they were part of the Kickstarted project yesterday, the creator of the project shut that statement down. With less than 2 hours to go it's clear Magnus isn't going to actually address any questions and given their response rate it would have nothing to do with the actual questions soooo when can we see this T-Shirt? This user's account has been deleted. @ Ben, you do know that only a handful of posters here have actually tried the jerky(supposedly) right? The same 4-6 posters constantly defend the product yet we can't get a simple video introduction of the KRJ team? With 3 hours to go it amazes me(not at all really) that they still haven't provided any proof that's been asked for since last month. Not a video, not a name, not a facebook, not a website. No physical address, no phone number, no identifiable information to be had. What kind of company operates out of the shadows with only a handful of supporters and zero communication? Keeping my pledge so that I can complain to kickstarter when they don't deliver the product they claim they're going to offer. Over 3,000 LB of Kobe beef is going to be used for beef jerky(which you want a lean meat for because fat will go rancid and get greasy), when less than 600 kilograms of the stuff has been allowed into the US. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Honestly, at this point, I am becoming extremely skeptical of this project as well. The vitriol being spewed at backers who have legitimate concerns makes me uneasy, as does the fact that the creators have done very little to assuage the concerned backers or even to reign in the backers that are being far less than "respectful and considerate." If they have a way to record video, even a short clip showing off or talking about the product would do wonders to dissuade these concerns. The fact that the creators have yet to even address the issues being brought up is telling. I think at this point I'm going to lower my pledge and hope for the best. If this project turns out to be legitimate, you can bet I'll be utilizing the mentioned Backers Only coupon to make a substantial order in the future. Until then, I guess we'll see. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. 1. I'm certainly not special, but I'm also not the only one asking for it. Plenty of people have asked for a short video. Do they have to give it to us? No. Would it help calm our doubts? Absolutely. 2. I'm not sure how I'm posting negative and you're posting positive. I merely asked people to stop insulting other commenters and explained my interaction with Kickstarted. You keep attacking people personally. 3. I've read through pretty much all the comments, and I've only seen 3 or 4 people agree with you. I've seen at least that many voice the same concerns. But of course to you we're all just idiots in the first degree. 4. Why am I here? Because Kobe beef jerky sounds amazing. That much at least I hope we can agree on? Of course no one is making me pledge. I would like to pledge, but some assurances from the creators would be nice because I put in my $40, $75, or even $100. Like you, I am also here for this project, and am trying to find out more about it. This user's account has been deleted. @Ben you hit the nail on the head. I don't know you and I trust my own opinion. Maybe thousands of people have tried this jerky, but I sure haven't, which is why it'd be nice to have some extra assurance. The only opinion I've given is that people should stop with the name calling and that some of the concerns that were raised are legitimate. @Carter What do the other projects I've backed have anything to do with this? Please note that personal attacks are not allowed by the Kickstarter community guidelines. Right next to the "Post comment" button, it says "Be respectful and considerate". If you don't think I'm being respectful or considerate in my posts, I'll stop. I don't think I know what's best for everyone else. In fact I'm merely trying to gather information for my own peace of mind. I haven't told anyone else to pledge or not to pledge to this project. I asked Staff Sgt. Eliway to stop insulting people, and I explained my interaction with Kickstarted. I'm sorry that not mindlessly following the thousands of you classifies me as an idiot in the first degree. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Staff Sgt. Eliway can you please stop with the name calling and insults? What part of what Matrix said makes him dumber than a cow? People are raising perfectly legitimate concerns that have not been concerned, and people like you and Carter keep resorting to name calling. A couple of us (including me, I will freely admit) contacted the Kickstarted team because we wanted some insurance about the project, and in the update Magnus said that they had footage ready for the Kickstarted documentary. I don't think asking for some assurance of a project before pledging more money is a bad thing. Regardless of whether Kickstarted gets funded, they have footage of project creators (including, I had hoped, of the Kobe Red guys). Matrix paraphrased what the Kickstarted team said, which is that they have not received any footage and can't guarantee that Kobe Red will be in their movie. From what I can see, this could just be a miscommunication. Kickstarted asked Kobe Red to send in a video. Magnus took that to mean they would be in the movie, when in reality Kickstarted would probably have to cut and edit all the videos they receive, so not every project will be in the movie. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Take a look at the comments on their update about the Kickstarted film: <url>#comments The creator of that film basically just said uhhh no, you're not part of our film yet... They do their own footage, they don't just take video from some student filmmaker and insert it into their film. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'm with you Matrix, I just did the same thing, worst that happens is I lose $7 opposed to a hundred hah. This user's account has been deleted. Says another person with a recently created account. The writing is on the wall! This user's account has been deleted. I want to believe this project is real, and have had a $100 pledge for the last 2 weeks or so, but I think I'm going to have to drop it to $7 (just to see what happens...) due to the following doubts in my mind: - Lack of photos. There should be pics from the farm in Japan, the team, and people at the taste tests. If nothing else, there should be twitter messages from the tasters.... and there's NOTHING on Twitter about these guys. Seriously, everything is on Twitter, someone should have mentioned this amazing product if it's really being handed out! <url>#!interviews/c1t44 - Lack of external website. Many of Magnus's comments read like they are *just about* to launch their website and start taking orders even beyond the KS obligations, but there's 11 hours left and still no website. I hope I'm wrong and I'm kicking myself when I eat my 1 oz. of jerky instead of the 21+ oz. I could have had, but if it's real, they will launch their website and I'll be able to order some then. Better safe than sorry. Kickstarter really inspires a feeling of being left out if you don't pledge to something, and I wonder if this campaign is playing off of that a little bit too much. Good luck to everyone! I second the natural flavor. I'm curious how the meat itself tastes compared to other brands. Not saying any of the flavor combos are wrong or anything. As far as flavors-- I would love to be able to change out any of them for a "natural." As excited as I am for the different flavors you have figured out, I'd really like to be able to just taste the beef. Any chance of that? Congratulations on an awesome Kickstarter achievement! I've been getting your updates and just came to look at your page again...your numbers are AMAZING!!! This user's account has been deleted. @li g I'm sure that is where most people came from and I'm a believer and backer of this project. But with all the doubters I don't understand why the creators haven't posted simple things to make people more confident. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. How are there no pics or videos from the taste tests on twitter, etc. Not just from Magnus but from all the raving fans I'd be curious to know how you've managed to get all this meat sent here from Japan, not only that but this stuff is coming from scraps. No more updates coming? This user's account has been deleted. @Carter I don't see "a barrel load of people" commenting that they can't post the video...the update itself raised the issue, which by my understanding isn't even an issue because you don't need consent to film in public. People are asking perfectly legitimate questions and you're ridiculing them. This user's account has been deleted. @carter mathiason Magnus Fun can always bypass that consent problem by taking 5 minutes to film ONLY themselves on their smartphone and then upload the video. It would take maybe 10 minutes tops. People have been asking them for videos waaaaay before their latest update. Please don't resort to name calling as some have done here because in case you haven't noticed, right next to the "Post comment" button is a little link that says "Be respectful and considerate." Can we please all act like the adults we are? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I need that video posted BEFORE the project ends, or I am going to cancel my pledge. Too many questions and not enough answers from Magnus. This user's account has been deleted. Hi All. thanks for the clarification! I did read the second article and I guess my concern is around the quote of "The small amount that is being imported today is going almost exclusively to high-end steakhouses who will charge dearly for it". Just wondering how it is intended to ship in thousands of pounds ahead of high end steak houses! (not nitpicking or anything, trust me I'm extremely excited to try this beef jerky and just want to be sure I'm getting the good stuff!) This user's account has been deleted. @Lisa Migliorini Actually Magnus already answered that question quite a few comments back, but the gist of it is that there were new rules put in place last year. Please read this article: <url>"backers" have been acting really seriously damages Magnus' credibility, especially if Magnus is an actual company that wants repeat business. Who wants to buy from a company that can't take criticism and sends out attack dogs on its real customers? I want this project to be successful more than anyone, but if we don't get some serious verification in a day I'm pulling out. I just have a bad feeling here. Fingers crossed we get some more info soon. This user's account has been deleted. Eliway, agreed to the yapping back and forth, but surely you agree that transparency in any organization is key, right? With 25 hours left to go, Magnus has done zero videos showing who they are or the farm they get the kobe beef from, has no facebook, has a website with no information, has no public face, has constantly stated they're putting together information(which should have been available from day one), and given very few details. They have no physical address listed, no phone number listed, no contact other than via email and no twitter. Ignore the taste tests for a moment given that very few people here have actually been privy to them. Do you think that they've been transparent with who they are, the origins of their company, and the authenticity? @Staff Sgt. Eliway Your are an E-6 correct? What branch? This user's account has been deleted. I love how you say it's "kids stuff" to ask questions, yet you can't answer simple questions. If you read the project page and also the early comments they talked about having $0 for advertising. Yet they have the finances to start making thousands of LB of Kobe Beef Jerky? You do know what the shrink rate on jerky is right? Even using trimmings they'll need over 2,500 LB of the stuff. Look, the only thing people are asking for is a face behind Magnus Fun Inc, you seem adamant against the idea of them showing everyone who they really are. This user's account has been deleted. Oh boy, I said I wouldn't comment again, but I don't want to be misunderstood either. @Staff Sgt. Eliway: If that was in response to my words, I just want to clarify. I was actually giving the new people the benefit of the doubt. In my response, I stated that I am an optimist, and believe that this project attracted new people to Kickstarter, which is wonderful. It seems most people assume that the people who signed up recently are ghost accounts, and I don't believe that. I want to welcome you to Kickstarter. I warn you, however, that it is very addictive, and you may find yourself spending thousands of dollars before you know it. I love how you deflect and change the direction of the conversation whenever anyone asks you a question. Minlen and I voiced very valid concerns, getting defensive when none of this is directed towards you baffles me. Notice how they did "Taste tests" yet only the same handful of posters have constantly stated they tried it. I'd love to hear from someone other than you or the other handful of constant posters on here that claim they tried it. Also answer a simple question, Don't you think it would be a lot less suspicious if there was a facebook or name/video attached to Magnus Fun Inc? There is literally no reason NOT to include such information for a legitimate company. This user's account has been deleted. Eliway, you see nothing wrong with the fact that there is no face or information behind Magnus Fun Inc and the last project they got zero backers for was an art project? Also the request for money was for a larger fridge and to finance this project, but they have ALREADY started making thousands of LB's of kobe beef jerky. That doesn't raise any red flags to you? This user's account has been deleted. It seems like every fervent supporter of Magnus ignores the points raised and refuses to actually answer any oddities that have popped up: Minlen Zeras posted this yesterday and it pretty much sums up the issues that stand out at this point. Please consider these facts people: 1. The project creator has not revealed their name, linked their facebook profile, or shown their face in their video 2. There are no images/media of the creator's uncle's kobe beef farm, their actual product, or photos/video from claimed free taste tests (which would an obvious way to advertise and gain support) 3. All backers who have claimed to have actually tried the jerky at the taste tests had their profiles created in the last month or so 4. If you read the project the creators originally wanted the money ($2374) for a new fridge because theirs was tiny, and yet now they have room for thousands of pounds of jerky they're going to ship in July. (despite obviously not having received any funding.) Also, if you read older comments the creator claims to be 'poor' and have 0 dollars for advertising, so where are they storing all their product? 5. The creator's last project was a coffee table art book, again with zero actual examples. Basically everything Kickstarter says a project should do to ensure accountability this project doesn't do. Anyone thinking they're actually getting jerky, let alone jerky made from kobe beef, from this project is completely delusional. I want to add that Magnus has yet to address any of these issues at any point other than insisting they have information and with only 26 hours to go they are banking on barely anyone cancelling. They send really weird private emails(one saying one thing, the next saying the person was misinformed.) and I even got a rant saying they were considering cancelling the kickstarter, when it makes no sense if they could just show us who they are. My guess is the project is going to get "cancelled" at the 1 hour mark when they realize they can't actually fulfill the orders. One thing Minlen didn't point out is that they have apparently over 2,500LB of Kobe Beef trimmings. That would have made the news given how rare it is in the USA. Alright, this is the first and last time I am going to comment on all of this action. Both sides are making good points. I have looked at many of the profiles for the people who are adamantly backing up the project, and most of them are definitely new Kickstarter users who appear to have only pledged for a couple of items that are food related and haven't ended yet. However, this could mean a couple of things. First, for the pessimist, it could mean that they are accounts that Magnus Fun has created in order to promote the product and has pledged on a couple of things just to make the profile look real. The optimist, however, says that these are people who discovered Kickstarter due to this project and have looked around and found a couple of other projects they are interested in. I tend to be an optimist. I also believe that if Magnus has advertised a taste test that hadn't happened, or the Jerky was terrible and someone backed out, they would have most likely made a comment indicating that before pulling their pledge. So, I don't necessarily believe the "This Jerky is the best in the woooooorld" people, but I haven't seen any negative either. Anyway, all of that being said, this project has still bothered me a bit because of all of the back and forth. With a day left, I believe they really need to make a statement, add some pictures, link a facebook account, do something to indicate that this is all real. If they don't, I will be pulling my pledge. The $40 isn't a lot, but I'm not willing to risk the money if the creator of the project isn't even willing to respond to these accusations with some hard proof of their intention to deliver. That is where I stand. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I think I have had enough of this and I am getting out. Good luck and I hope the project meets everyone's expectations. I am already supporting another KS jerky project that is much calmer. @matthew I'm with you on this. Not hating here as I'm a backer. But it is concerning when there are such simple things that could be done to make people more comfortable like I said before, maybe photos of taste tests, packaging, etc. make a simple video showing the Kobe Red team, etc No negativity from me here that's for sure, this is my first food kickstarter and I've never wanted jerkey so badly! I feel like some of the other folks have valid concerns, don't you find it odd that there aren't pictures of the shirts for us, or proof they have jerky ready to meet the demand for July? I think an update by the creator would greatly help a whole bunch. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Wow, all this heated discussion in such a shirt time. This is super weird. It is odd how there aren't any updates or photos being posted. That does bug me This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. If its so real why is it so hard for anyone to post actual tangible evidence? Photos, video, documents - any one of those things would quell the disbelievers in 1 second. But there is only a bunch of new accounts all harping the same lines. With that said though I am pretty sure us backers will probably see 'some' form of jerky at the end of all of this [so that the project proprietor can be immune from liability] - it takes several hours at best to drive down to the nearest costco and buy out the Jack Links Section and repackage them to read 'Kobe' and 99% of us wont know any better. This user's account has been deleted. I'm trying to stay positive about this project and will continue to support it, but it is kind of odd that no one has posted simple things like photos from tastings, etc. it would take 5 mins for Magnus to create a video of themselves saying "thanks to all the backers, here's a shot of us packaging all of the product, etc" it would definitely ease some of the doubters. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Please consider these facts people: 1. The project creator has not revealed their name, linked their facebook profile, or shown their face in their video 2. There are no images/media of the creator's uncle's kobe beef farm, their actual product, or photos/video from claimed free taste tests (which would an obvious way to advertise and gain support) 3. All backers who have claimed to have actually tried the jerky at the taste tests had their profiles created in the last month or so 4. If you read the project the creators originally wanted the money ($2374) for a new fridge because theirs was tiny, and yet now they have room for thousands of pounds of jerky they're going to ship in July. (despite obviously not having received any funding.) Also, if you read older comments the creator claims to be 'poor' and have 0 dollars for advertising, so where are they storing all their product? 5. The creator's last project was a coffee table art book, again with zero actual examples. Basically everything Kickstarter says a project should do to ensure accountability this project doesn't do. Anyone thinking they're actually getting jerky, let alone jerky made from kobe beef, from this project is completely delusional. @ Kenneth: I looked through the comments and updates again, but it seems to be missing. (I was wondering the same thing). With so much going on, they probably just forgot to put it in there. @ Benjamin: Welcome to Kickstarter! It's full of neat things. And no, from everything I've seen, this is abnormal behavior...and really frakking rude besides. I mean, just because it's the Internet doesn't mean manners and civility get tossed out the door, so I don't know where all this is coming from. It's so vile I didn't even bother scrolling through the stuff older than a day ago. Too bad there's not a way for the project manager to delete the repetitive ones. I'm just here for the jerky (those pictures are making my mouth water, I wish I could have some right now!)...aren't we all just here for the jerky? =D Glad to see this got funded--I almost missed it. I'm relatively new to Kickstarter, but are flame wars and spam normal occurrences? Things got a little heated over at the Vachen comments board, but that was project related stuff. Back on topic, 48 Hours to go! Who else is excited? I want to know what the Super Secret New Flavor is! He left the same ad in two other projects today! Wow! Wow, ad spam on kickstarters... I guess even a paywall can't get rid of you guys. Wish there was a report user button. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. So what is the stretch goal mystery flavor? Did I miss a post on this last Friday? As a June backer I have tried to understand all of these postings and different views. I almost backed out earlier today, which would be my first time to do this after backing (61) projects. I am in at the $40 level and I have decided the postings from backers who have been to your taste test is my judge of why to stick with it, plus I like jerky. I am taking a chance and I am not going to worry about the "Kobe beef" exact meaning. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Lol I don't believe this KS is fake, but its weird that every single person who is adamantly supporting this project signed up either April or May 2013 and all their projects are still ongoing. You might make good jerky guys, but you need to learn that sockpuppetry just makes you look childish O.O I can't believe this argument is still going on. It's so childish. People need to just calm down over all this. If you don't believe in it then don't pledge. No need to fill this place with spams. Be respectful and considerate! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @ Michael, I've read both sides and you both seriously need to chill. @ Magnus a meet the team video would go a long way to help push the last 66 hours. This user's account has been deleted. Think about it for a second. If I'm trying to "fake" a website, why in the world would I ever put that text on it? Whoever's doing that is pretty dumb. @ Michael, are you saying that Apple managed to get over 1/3rd of ALL the kobe beef that has been imported since it's been legalized for sale in the US? 300LB is a LOT of kobe beef given that it's been legal for less than a year and because of how expensive it is. Apple buying 300 Kobe Beef steaks would have made the news,at the very least some tabloid would have picked it up. This user's account has been deleted. @Michael, have you looked at the whois/the other links he posted? It actually raises some questions, especially given there are no public faces behind Magnus Fun Inc. I'm not condoning Oldman, but I am saying you don't need to spam the same thing over and over again, it just makes you look childish and makes me question the kickstarter more when you're trying to bury conversation in spam. Nah, go to the Google Cache version of it. It's pretty clear they're modifying it now to show that text, which is pretty funny. Google Cache version of uhadme.com: <url>#702 in Chicago, IL. . WWW.MAGNUSFUNINC.COM - contact email is also <email> . The Amazon Payments receipt for this Kickstarter goes to Desjon Allen. Do a Google search for "Desjon Allen 900 S Clark Chicago IL" and you'll see it is the domain registration for: mybirdinthehand.com and bigbigband.com <url>#whois <url>"Louis Friend" is an anagram for "Iron Sulfide", or more commonly known as "Fool's Gold". Funny, isn't it?! . If you've in doubt about this project, just click the "Report Project to Kickstarter" button, if only for the abusive behavior from certain individuals here. Let Kickstarter figure out the rest. If you want to back this project based on your tasting, that's great, go for it, and best of success to Magnus. Good luck everyone! :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This whole thing seems mighty suspicious; who can give us newcomers the 411? This user's account has been deleted. Vitrol, spamming, and unreasonable anger make even amazing tasting jerky taste bad. On a side note, it really sucks you weren't able to make it to the 626 night market but I saw some jerky booths there trying to sell their products and I guess the organizers were worried your jerky would destroy their profits. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. A website you registered using your name, your address, and Magnus Fun Inc's email. Which Magnus had to confirm because that's how website registration works, they send confirmation emails to the email address on file. Your ability to play dumb is amazing. This user's account has been deleted. You don't know how Whois or how website registering works do you? <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter" and check the "abusive behavior" field to stop the spamming and abusive behavior. Let Kickstarter figure out the rest. Regarding the coincidences and if indeed they are fake posts and testimonials, then those are also violations of Terms of Service for Project Creators. <url>#702 in Chicago, IL. . WWW.MAGNUSFUNINC.COM - contact email is also <email> . The Amazon Payments receipt for this Kickstarter goes to Desjon Allen. Do a Google search for "Desjon Allen 900 S Clark Chicago IL" and you'll see it is the domain registration for: mybirdinthehand.com and bigbigband.com <url>#whois <url>"Louis Friend" is an anagram for "Iron Sulfide", or more commonly known as "Fool's Gold". Funny, isn't it?! . If you've in doubt about this project, just click the "Report Project to Kickstarter" button, if only for the abusive behavior from certain individuals here. Let Kickstarter figure out the rest. Good luck everyone! :) I think it's safe that all jerky is good jerky. I can't wait to try this jerky, I hope they do a "Meet the creators" video, would put a lot of us more at ease. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Stanley I feel that Magus has responded in a timely manner. I still am hoping for a bit more information or even a video of the creators. I spend anywhere from $15 to $20 a month on beef jerky, $500 for 60 bags is a steal as far as I'm concerned. Good beef jerky is expensive and worth it. To be honest I would have dropped $250-$500 on this kickstarter had they done the tiers and shown more videos. This user's account has been deleted. And you have 18 comments here. I can count too. I love how you just resort to calling me a shill when I've backed a ton of projects, am backing this, and have not shilled even once for any other jerky company. I'm sorry you find it unrealistic that I spend over $500 on a single kickstarter, but I spent over $500 on Hex, $1,000 on another project, and am in no way affiliated with any other companies. Where did I brag? I was deciding whether or not to spend $250 or $500, that is far from bragging. You seem to be seriously upset for absolutely no reason that I'm questioning the validity of what they're pledging. Magnus Inc has gone above and beyond when responding to me, you on the other hand are being ridiculous. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Stanley. 1. None of their Free taste tests were in Maryland, you expect me to drive across state lines just to vet the jerky? 2. Where am I criticizing? I'm asking for INFORMATION. 3. Their website magnusfuninc.com that is pretty much a blank website? 4. I have done my homework, I am doing my homework, and I and other people still have very valid concerns. There is no face to Magnus Inc unless you've been to their taste tests, which does seem suspicious. 5. I've commented hundreds of times on Kickstarter, I've backed 12 projects, and most of them I spend $100-$500 to back. I didn't brag on their comments, I was deciding which tier to back at. You on the otherhand are vehemently defending these guys, you've backed this and one other project, and you joined in April. If you're shilling for them you're doing a terrible job. This user's account has been deleted. Stanley. I don't work for any competitors and I'm not friends with the bacon Jerky campaign. I liked their tiers enough to donate at a tier I'm comfortable with. I am not and have not trashed Kobe Beef Jerky, in fact I've pledged here and just want information to know that it is indeed kobe beef. I've posted over 100 times on other kickstarters, yet that doesn't mean I'm "friends" with the creators of said kickstarters. My attempts at getting information are pathetic? Sorry you feel that way but clearly you have issues if you are going to slam me for asking for information. @ Manus, I wish I could have gone to your taste tests, thank you for explaining how you're handling production. I was merely pointing out that a video or even facebook linking Magus Inc to an actual person would go a long way in establishing legitimacy. As far as kickstarters go, there are a LOT that never get their product to the backers, and you know full well kobe beef legitimacy has been a huge issue in the US, so I hope you understand where I'm coming from when I voice my concerns. I'm not in the Jerky business, I just love beef jerky and I've pledged $75 here even with my doubts about the product or lack of names behind the company. Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Everything about this project points to it being a complete scam as Blake pointed out. If you guys have done lots of free taste tests why don't you post some pictures of the tastings? You clearly have a smart phone to receive text messages, and your other created project was a book showcasing smartphone art wasn't it? Backers have made repeated requests for you show a video of your uncle's farm, and to reveal your face and name, you continue to ignore all these reasonable requests. @Magnus, I know you sent me a message, but is the documentation going to be available before the kickstarter ends? Also how do you plan to get 2,500LB of Kobe beef(at current pledge levels) by July? Jerky has a huge shrink ratio. Still on the fence given that while I'm sure you guys are working hard, there are only 3 days left and we've asked for basic stuff that should be available at the drop of a hat. A couple of other concerns someone else posted on another site discussing this deal: 1. Generic video, never showing their faces (most Kickstarters I've seen has the creators directly discussing their project with the audience) and the same 4 or 5 pictures in the page. This could just be them trying to keep their trade secrets? 2. If they're just taking texts from random tasters, how do they have all their names saved in the phone? I supposed they could have asked people to give their numbers, but that seems weird. 3. There are a lot of super hyped comments, many from accounts that were created in the last months. However, Kickstarter is new, so these could just be new people jumping on an exciting idea. 5. All of these doubts could be eased with a simple video showing the uncle, the ranch, the process, anything. I know you're not using the main cuts of kobe beef, but even using trim, at 2,500LB(and that's being generous) how do you plan on filling the orders? I would prefer a response in the public domain because I'm not the only one with concerns that does want to back you. @Eliway The reason this hasnt been dont yet is because the US had a ban on all Japanese beef imports for a long while now till it just ended due to a disease outbreak years ago.... Also they are using pieces that tend to be less economical and would only hurt retailers if offered... I mean if you are selling the streaks for 160+ why offer steak tips too for less ... Kobe is so expensive because it is rigorously regulated to control the steaks that make it to market... Must be Grade A/B and have a certain marbling ratio etc... hell even the steaks that are A and dont have the marbling could be bought cheaper .... Just not labled in japan as kobe beef.... You can label any wagyu catttle meat whatever you want in the US as we dont respect Japanese kobe food trademark as a real trademark.... That said this is still great beef and i cant wait for it but the reasons no one has done this yet is 1.) actual official kobe beef jerky would be 3lb = 1 lb jerky so 1lb jerky is like 500$ 2.) In japan they cant call this kobe beef so it sells for less and isnt as profitable 3.) It has been impossible to get in the US so we couldnt have dont it...although there is some american wagyu (kobe cow breeds) beef jerky available so it was inevitable when the doors opened again to let Japanese meat in I don't really see why we "deserve"something else like a discount :/ .... wouldnt mind one but all the people arguing that they made 5k% of the goal.... I mean sure the demand means they can feel safe in making a site and selling full time but other than that they are just being paid for each purchase...but hell they could tell kickstarter it all went bad, I mean kobe beef has a lot of marbling (aka fat) and fat does not smoke thus will not last long like most jerky... give us nothing and still get the money.... with kickstarter you support an idea... in this case the idea is jerky made from japan kobe beef.... You could donate 1million and still get nothing... there is no promises only the devs saying if you give this much we will try to get you this reward.... even if this was a store... do you see any other stores going "oh we sold a thousand ipods we should give everyone who bought one a 25% off coupon to our store".... no because it is madness ... they already threw in some extra jerky and asking for more because they are doing well is a tad ridiculous I agree with Donna. This has reached 5,000% of your original goal, and I think that your backers deserve some sort of discounted rate on future purchases. You have received an INSANE level of support from this community, and it would be nice to see you support this community in a similar fashion. This user's account has been deleted. When you guys fully establish your website, I wish their is a backers exclusive page where we get discounts on your tasty kobe beef jerky forever or a limited time... That would be sooo cool! Even a coupon for a one time discount would be nice! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Allegra, from previous conversations I had with them they responded with "For the people who have not gotten the opportunity to taste our jerky we are putting together a package of information as we speak to give them the confidence to take a chance on our great project. ". Still waiting on the information to determine what my pledge will be. It's no small thing to say you're serving Kobe Beef and information shouldn't take this long to produce. This user's account has been deleted. So what's the new flavor? Can't wait to see you in Chicago and can't wait for the website to be up and running Just pledged at the $7 level and considering upping my pledge significantly, but I would really like to see some kind of proof that the beef being used is actually Kobe beef. $7 isn't bad for some good jerky regardless, but I don't want to sink more into something unproven. I hope you'll update with more info before the deadline; I'll definitely update my pledge if so! Any planned stops in Chicago? Are you coming to 626 market street? I'll probably be there (definitely if you will!!) hoping to taste some jerky! Cool! can't wait to check it out! :) Cool! can't wait to check it out! :) Post Kickstarter? *Will you be opening up a website to continue selling this jerky or sticking with kickstarter/amazon or something *Also any chance of you making a mailing list to inform people when its available again if you are going to keep making it... I know with kobe beef being such a limited item especially imported that you may not be able to make it non-stop. Is it possible to create a tier with just 2 x 3oz bag of jerky? This is the first Kickstarter I've backed, let me it tell you! I'm hungry and excited for this project I need to stop checking in on this project. Every time I check in I keep upping my pledge! I just doubled it so I'm scared to find out what I might do next. Couldn't resist backing this project. My lord - that sounds so good! =) You guys are awesome, thank you!! These updates make me hungry. Will you be shipping out in the order your pledges came in? ;) Do your products contain nitrites and nitrates and msg? Also are Kobe Cattle blind because of lack of lack of nutrition? @Magnus Fun Inc How about a $100k stretch goal: 1 additional 3 oz bag for tier $40 and up?? We are entering the final home stretch! This is my first food kickstarter I've signed for, totally stoked for this! This user's account has been deleted. Another question about multiple bags! This looks amazing and I'd love to get a couple 3oz variety packs to send around to family. Some kickstarters say just to add on the extra and answer a survey at the end (ie, pledge $150 and get two double variety packs), but are you doing this? Thanks! Nice JOB! :) @Michael Bryan and nick were not being aggressive. They were being professional. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Nick Children will be children. I've given up on Stanley or Michael showing any kind of respect or restraint toward their fellow backers. The only reason I'm still backing this project is in hopes that this jerky really is as good as their claiming. Although some people on here really seem to be OVER selling it, and I'm growing cautious. This user's account has been deleted. @stanley and Michael. You are both acting like little children. What is wrong with both of you? If you really read any of the old mans comments. He has been very respectful and has been asking some easily answerable questions. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Magnus While there's been a lot of drama going on, I must say that I admire how you have been handling it so far. It speaks to what kind of company you are, but I do think the idea of the "Introduction to your Uncle's farm video" is a great idea to finally put a rest to the debate once and for all, Reasonable doubts will persist, especially within people who are not at all familiar with, nor have the time to educate themselves thoroughly on Kobe Beef regulations and such. Since some people will not be able to try it out themselves, you don't need to tell (verbal reassurances) if you can show. On that note, really really looking forward to the 626 Night Market and hoping they get back to you very very soon with a confirmation. Generally though, I think the consensus is "We want more jerky". You should include a Pinata pledge level; oh man, best Pinata ever.... This user's account has been deleted. Also there's a typo in the $100 pledge.... I'm surprised no one's pointed that out so far. Pledged on the basis that more information will be released to show that it is indeed 100% Japanese Kobe Beef being used. Can't blame people for being wary given how much mislabeling is going on in the US! This user's account has been deleted. @Tomi so... you're saying that if you have a happy girlfriend... you have a happy boyfriend? I think that's how I'm reading it :P This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I think my gf may like one This user's account has been deleted. ugh... im so torn...I was in the 100$ pledge, but that's just a lot to be taking chances on. But theres so many people saying how good it is. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @B.B. should the pledge level actually say "Yucatan Peninsula level: you know... the crater where they say a meteor struck the earth and killed the dinosaurs? Except full of jerky" This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Haha, the 1 Kg can? This user's account has been deleted. Could there be a pledge level for 3 1oz bags of each flavor? Or do I just pledge 21$ for the $7 tier? @Griffin I also remember the Ukiyo Heroes campaign and loved watching the video of how the woodblocks are done in Japan. I think it would be VERY smart for Magnus, since there is no other way of verifying his claims, to do something similar. Not only to silence the skeptics, but to also give everyone a cool look into the Kobe beef process. I'm growing tired of watching the accusations and hate get thrown around here, and I'm sure I am not alone. I would love for Magnus to step up and put an end to it. Not by throwing around more threats and hate, but by giving everyone no reason to question the validity of this project. I hope these comments aren't misinterpreted and in turn cause people to start attacking me. I love this project and would love to see it live up to its potential. Why can't we all just get along? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Oh, I thought it was Mr. Miyagi from the Karate Kid. This user's account has been deleted. I just hope that it's mildly affordable. I know it's a luxury that everyone has to try, but I have student loans that do a good job of convincing me that I can't afford it :P This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Michael Is there no certification in Japan? I'd kind of like to know this before I make a tit of myself getting Kobe in Japan in August? I'm gonna be looking for a place in Tokyo to get some well priced Kobe, but I don't want to get ripped off. @Stanley if you look on his page, he never slagged off Kobe Red on any other page. He doesn't trust Kobe red, but does that mean he's the enemy? Magnus should be able to use his questions to make them more trustworthy. I think everyone needs to calm down. If Old Man has questions for Magnus, let magnus answer them. if he said something to offend you, resolve it. This has gotten way out of hand and I'm honestly siding with Old Man based on everyone's reactions - or should I say overreactions. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @stanley If you've read all my comments, then you should remember how many times I've wished this project and its creators success, even if I end up not upping my pledge. I've expressed multiple times that I'd even pledge further (and get my friends to) based on taste alone and how I'm looking forward to trying this for myself. But as a backer, bold claims have been made publicly on Kickstarter, and so I publicly -- and politely each time -- asked for authenticity. To date, I have not been provided with any. I even stopped posting here but checked back to see if any announcements about the 626 Night Market was confirmed or not, but all I see are personal attacks from you. @michael Re-read my comments man. I never said I doubted your story. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Magnus A few months ago there was this great project called Ukiyo-e heroes that featured excellent wood block paintings of video games represented by japanese culture. There was some speculation that the paintings wouldnt be true woodblock and some fake alternative done by machines. In order to combat this rumor, the project leader had the artist video tape himself and show the community around his workspace. It was a truly enlightening process and put the naysayers to rest. If there truly are no IDs, would it be possible to have your uncle introduce us to his farm? I would actually love to see what it's like anyways. It could be a great experience for those who back Kobe Red and would also put the naysayers to rest. @Griffin I'm not disputing what they do in Japan. I'm confident they do eat all that stuff. I'm describing the process for *exporting* it from those meat plants. @Old Man All other bits are discarded? That doesn't make sense. It was pretty clearly states that the farmers live on trimmings and you're saying that they are discarded. @Griffin Great point. I already asked for the IDs of slaughtered ones, they said they don't have it. So let's try live cattle from his uncle's farm to even validate those are Kobe cattle. And yes, you can look up the cattle ID online. There's even a mobile app for this, as this is regular practice in Japan. As I said below, Kobe beef is fiercely regulated and enforced in Japan, tracking every part of the process, from farm to table. And your analogy for leather would be sound, except it doesn't apply to how *any* beef is exported from Japan to the US. You simply can't ship beef (of any kind) from any random person from Japan to any random person in the US. Customs will confiscate it. It is only accepted if it comes from one of 7 designated meat plants in Japan. And those meat plants cut up the carcasses into chunks for shipping since you can only ship boneless beef (I was waiting for Magnus to clarify that, but they never did, go figure). And most importantly, all other bits are discarded. There's video of this online and explained quite clearly. Magnus claims to only receive the trimmings, not the sealed chunks that have passed inspection with labels showing cattle ID either. Also, as per the facts, The wall street journal states that the first import of Kobe to the US was 170kg headed to two steakhouses in Ca. This means that it is exceedingly possible for Michael to be telling the truth. We can't be sure because we don't have pictures of him with certificates, but I'll take his word for it. Also, 600 kg of Kobe were exported to the US for distribution by Fremont beef company on the 24th of May. All exported beef is distributed by Fremont. I'm getting over 1200kg imported from japan to Fremont starting from December (Kobe Niku website). They all do have identification numbers, so I now understand the use for the 10 digit codes. But the question still remains, do the scraps get classified by which cow they come from? I don't pile my trimmings by which source they are. @Old man You ask them to tell their farmers to go out and write down the 10 digit code or whatever. Just thought that I should let you know that the cow is dead... They don't take trimmings off live cows. Not sure if you knew that. Please tell me though, what good would it do if they said "We have trimmings from cows 1424039592 18492047822 1934028492 and 5583920420"? Are you going to call up the farms and ask them is those cows are dead? I would imagine those digits only matter for certificates of authenticity. I'm not trying to facilitate drama, but I'm genuinely curious as to why you are pushing this. It's pretty evident and understandable that the scraps pass through your authentication loophole. Their reasoning is sound. When a leather maker makes a 100K leather jacket out of the finest leather in the world, they don't authenticate their scraps, they authenticate the jacket. Someone goes to buy their scraps, you think they'll all be "where is my certificate stating how real these little bits are?" As for your info about the weight of imported Kobe beef, you can't trust everything you read online. Especially if it's from a government website. @Michael, please stop with the repetition, we get your point. How about instead of posting a statement of over 450 words every time, you just say "see my post below." you must admit, it's quite a long statement. You should see it on an iPhone. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @michael Hey sorry man, but I think you mistook what I wrote. I was actually *celebrating* with envy how lucky you were to attend such an event where you say 300 pounds of Kobe beef was catered. I gave that 312.9 kg figure to even put into more context how amazing it was that your client would go through such an extent to serve all that Kobe beef. So really, I meant no hostility towards you in my comment. I never refuted what you said about the event or refuting that you (or anyone) believe it's Kobe beef, and I never said this wasn't tasty jerky. I even expressed multiple times how much I'm looking forward to tasting it at their 626 Night Market event if that happens. For those that don't know, you can look up all Kobe beef exports online. Every fact and figure I've posted in these comments can be found online either from the USDA or from the Kobe Beef Council's website (it's all in Japanese though). But again, I understand Magnus is saying they use shavings and trimmings. I'm only simply asked them days ago to provide the cattle IDs of the Kobe cows they get their trimmings from. This user's account has been deleted. I agree with @Bryan Kwiatkowski.... Thank you. @ Michael Masahiro, you are very immature and stop make repetitive..... Please. Life's too short. This user's account has been deleted. This campaign seems be turning into a hostile environment. I am no Kobe expert, nor do I claim to be, but I was excited by the prospect of some truly delicious tasting jerky. Clearly there are some conflicting minds here, however nobody has been able to provide real facts to corroborate these claims and numbers. I think that everyone has said what they have to say and it's time to return to a positive campaign that fosters positivity and growth rather than malice and negativity. I am very excited about this project and clearly I'm not the only one. So lets make this a pleasant place for us to discuss our excitement and share our thoughts and ideas. Thank you. This user's account has been deleted. @michael I have no beef with these guys. Like I said before, I was excited to hear that someone would be using true Kobe beef (even if it's the "trimmings" or "shavings") to make beef jerky. Unfortunately, when asked for proof of authenticity, I've been given none. Even still, I said I'd buy in if the taste is as good as the testimonials say. But hey, that's great to hear your company had so much Kobe beef. I'm sure you also know that since the beginning of 2013, only 312.9 kg of Kobe beef was shipped to the US by the end of March. Glad to know that the one vendor was able to procure nearly 50% of everything that shipped to the entirety of the US at the time. This user's account has been deleted. @Stanley Man, you seriously need to calm down there. Careful now, before everyone finds out who you really are... . @Magnus It's all very simple to me. Your uncle and his buddies are Kobe cattle ranchers. Just have them walk outside to their Kobe cows, write down that 10-digit code on their ears, and post a few of those IDs. I think everyone would appreciate that... . @Griffin, and others I do apologize if I confused anyone with what I posted. But there's still a lot of misunderstanding about how *any* beef (not just Kobe beef) is shipped from Japan to the US, but I'm not going to bother putting them here. Anyways, I've said enough for everyone to do their own research and form their own opinions. Those that want to educate themselves or have a need for authenticity can ask on their own. Those that want to go on faith (or taste) alone, that's fine too. . Anyways, I'm not disparaging this product to any of you backers -- you all seem to be ok with paying premium prices for beef jerky without needing proof, and that's fine. Even I said below and I'll repeat it here, if it's as good as the testimonials claim, I said I'd still back it if I had a tasting, even knowing that not a shred of authenticity has been provided by the project creators. . Looking forward to the 626 Night Market if you guys can get a permit to be there. If it's good and worth the premium pricing, perhaps I'll up my pledge and get some. If not, wish you the best of luck. Thanks for the quick answer. I know the UK is very strict about beef due to their commitment to remaining a mad cow free country. I doubt I'd have any luck with getting through customs no matter how safe it is. I'm still just happy to support! @Michael Ha! @Magnus Can I ask why international shipping isnt possible? If I get someone to ship my pledge to me, will it get rejected from customs? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I really do wish that I was stateside so I could beg Magnus to come to my city. I am quite jealous that you brought your chompers down on some already. My parents better appreciate this gift :P Damn... I want jerkey now. This user's account has been deleted. Wow... I missed some drama! I'd just like to throw in my two cents. I think old man raised some very good points for someone who is a consumer. I personally had no idea about authentication certificates for kobe. I am personally extremely glad to hear about that as I am going to Japan in two months and am considering trying Kobe. I also completely understand Mangus' explanation that when the beef is cut in Japan, only the full cuts are authenticated, leaving the trimmings unnoticed. That doesn't mean that they aren't of Kobe quality (if the rest of the beef is authenticated, then the trimmings must be of equal quality), but they just don't come with the certificate (boohoo). I must also agree with Bryan that revealing his pledge level was a bit of a no-no. It seems trivial, but it is a privacy issue. I'm sure Old Man wasn't offended by it, but revealing such allowed Stanley to unabashedly let loose on Old Man. I think Old Man does owe you guys an apology for spouting off numbers and contradictions that did nothing but spread fear in our hearts about the quality of your jerky. Kobe is truly thrown around by every con artist north to south and having authentication does put our hearts at ease. But that authentication comes with a price (crazy expensive Kobe beef). At the end of the day, all we can do is thanks Kobe Red for offering amazing Kobe Beef Jerky at such an excellent price. The idea to use the trimmings to spread the love of Kobe is truly genius and I can only hope that they are true about the quality of their Kobe beef. I guess the taste will tell the real truth. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @brian. I completely agree with what you said @mangus I know you guys are very passionate about this project but you guys need to chill. Even if you disagree in what the Old man is saying you can't start a flame war. It just looks bad. Also when you start telling backers you don't need them you might be headed the Wong way. @stanley. Wow you really need to chill out too. Calling people names for asking a question? -Keep calm and eat some jerky This user's account has been deleted. Wow. There sure has been some intense comments.... As long as it's as good as everyone been saying I am all in. You had me at curry This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I understand the frustration with Old Man's comments that some people are having, however, I do believe that he's been respectful in his questions. He's simply asking the questions that perhaps a person who doesn't understand what Kobe beef is, or how it's tracked, would ask. Any educated backer would ask the same things. I don't believe Old Man was trying to attack the product, or Magnus. The Kobe Beef name has been abused for many years here in the United States, with many restaurants and butchers claiming to be selling it, while passing off a lesser quality of meat. So an educated buyer or investor would ask the same kind of questions Old Man asked in order to further understand how Magnus acquires its product. I think that Magnus has been great in answering these questions thoroughly. I don't believe they're being deceptive to their backers. I think that this product sounds great. I've heard nothing but positive remarks from the community, and am looking forward to trying it first hand. I don't think it was right to expose Old Man's pledge in the comments section, as this is private information between the backer and the project owner. I believe that we all are entitled to a reasonable level of privacy when dealing on Kickstarter, and feel that it was a bit of a violation of that privacy to see something like that transpire. Regardless of how much we all pledge, we are all entitled to a reasonable level of privacy. I know some of you may disagree with my comments, and that's fine, but I look forward to participating in a respectful project. Not only respectful in our comments, questions, and answers, but one where my privacy, and the privacy of my fellow backers is respected. Thank you. Hey guys I know it's only been a week but have you thought of any stretch goals or new rewards for people who want more than 3 oz of your jerky? Also, I am super excited that you will trying to have a taste test at the 626 night market, will you be selling any there? This user's account has been deleted. Look, I'll be honest, I backed this project because it is for Kobe Beef Jerky. I probably wouldn't have backed it if not for the Kobe name. Having said that, I don't honestly care if the beef has been cataloged and its lineage traced back 5 generations. It's Jerky. I expect it to be delicious jerky, because I have yet to see a single negative thing said by anyone who has tried it. But I believe that it is Beef from Japanese Kobe-class Cattle. Magnus has been explicit in describing the cuts of beef used and where they are coming from. They have explained why they aren't prohibitively expensive and how they are importing the beef. They have satisfactorily explained why they do not have tracking numbers normally associated with the Kobe beef. They have also been amazing about marketing their product, crossing the country to hold tastings wherever they can. Magnus has responded to questions, and provided regular updates. All of this AFTER they exceeded their funding goal. They have respected and appreciated their backers, even throwing in "stretch" rewards for goals already reached. Every thing Magnus has done in this drive has demonstrated transparency and honesty. They are excited about their product, and are excited to share it with people. Could they all be big, fat liars? Sure, but I don't see any indication of that. I understand your skepticism, as the Kobe label has been abused in the US. But unless you have something resembling proof that this jerky isn't what Magnus claims, your opinions about what is and isn't Kobe beef are irrelevant. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Magnus Thanks for your quick response. I hope you guys the best with this project and look forward to seeing it on store shelves. And yes, I've been to Japan many times, and have eaten Kobe beef many times, especially in Kobe :) @Stanley I've been respectful in my questions, and I was excited about this project so I can up my pledge and get my friends in on it too. Attacking potential backers and customers is not the way to do business. @Magnus, Then based on what you said, this is not Kobe beef in my opinion. It may come from the same cattle, but that's something that any Kobe beef buyer would know if they simply asked for the cattle ID, which it seems you aren't going to ask for to authenticate origin. I'm sure you know that whole carcasses are exported to the US, not shavings, not cuts, etc. The meat plants in Japan do not do cuts for US resellers. They sell carcasses whole to an authorized reseller. The reseller, after receiving the carcasses in the US, can in turn resell them whole to butcher shops or restaurants to do their own cuts, or they can cut them up on their premises in the US and resell as beef byproduct. Having said that, I appreciate the responses and hope you the best in your endeavor. I do look forward to seeing your product on retail shelves so I can try this for myself, even if in my opinion it's not Kobe beef based on your responses. If I do get the chance at a tasting and it's as good as people have said, I may still up my pledge if the project is still active at that point, but at least it will be an informed decision based on taste and not authenticity. If you're willing to provide any authenticity documentation, especially cattle ID source from which you get your shavings, then I'm all in and hope this is a success story for you guys. This user's account has been deleted. @Magnus, Thank you for your response. As I'm sure you know, since your uncle is a Kobe beef cattle rancher (it wasn't clear if he and his 3-4 buddies were breed farmers or feed farmers), that Kobe beef is highly regulated in Japan and tracked like crazy. Every Wagyu that is earmarked (pardon the pun) as Kobe is given a unique ID and registered with the Kobe Beef Council and any carcass from that cattle is rated by the Japan Meat Grading Association prior to sale. All beef exports to the US from Japan can only come from one of seven meat plants, and every sale of Kobe beef is registered and tracked. Furthermore, every sale of Kobe beef is given a Certificate of Authority, identifying its lineage (via it's unique ID), along with the seller and the buyer, origin location and destination, etc. There have only been 1,027 kg of Kobe beef exported to the entire US for all of 2013 (as of 5/24) -- as I said, it's all tracked extensively. The reason for all of this is because of the expense at which Kobe beef incurs to produce and the high price it demands in Japan and elsewhere -- educated buyers want to know for sure what they're buying in butcher shops and restaurants in Japan are authentic. Despite what many might think, Kobe beef only represents 0.06% of all beef consumption in Japan, and far, far, far, far, far less than that in the US. High end, upscale restaurants in the US that offer Kobe beef will show you the Certificate or cattle ID if asked. Ones that don't are faking it. It's not unheard of for Japanese travelers to the US to ask for this ID, since it is commonly displayed over there. But I digress...just trying to be an informed backer and consumer for what could possibly be some really great beef jerky. Looking forward to any future tastings in the Los Angeles area, and any further clarifying information Magnus can give in relation to the origin of its Kobe beef. If the shipper is retaining these certificates and IDs, you can simply ask for it from them. They are required to give it to you. Thanks again for responding to my questions. Can't wait to try this for myself! Hope you get permission for the 626 Night Market. Thank you for clarifying. Any plans on bringing a taste test to Florida? @Magnus, I don't think that Old Man was asking for the export ids for when you export, but rather the dates and IDs for when it was exported to you from Japan. This user's account has been deleted. @Old Man Thanks for looking iut for the rest of us as well. Some of us don't know enough about this stuff to ask the right questions. This user's account has been deleted. Haha, funny. Just making sure this is the real deal before I increase my pledge to get a bunch of the stuff. It really does look great. And I have no expectations of the meat at KFC. This is some serious green for what is claimed to be 100% Kobe beef flown in from Japan. This user's account has been deleted. This looks like a great product. However I have a few questions: - Do you purchase your Kobe beef directly from Japan, or from an authorized reseller in the US? - Do you purchase your Kobe beef from only one producer or reseller, or multiple? If so, from whom? - Can you provide the ID #'s and export dates of your Kobe beef batches from Japan? Will you be doing any tastings in the Los Angeles area any time soon? Looking forward to this! Thanks! Oh how I wish that you could send me some Jerky in the UK! I was just saying last night how much I would love to try Kobe beef. I'm going to Japan in July and I am trying to justify shelling out for a morsel. But! If you can't ship me some Kobe Red, I can still send some to my parents in the states who absolutely loved Kobe beef on their travels. Such a great product and honestly a great price (considering they had about a 3oz morsel and they set it cost about $80). Congrats on your success! @Bert, excellent idea. 3lbs of each flavor @Lawrence, technology has not yet advanced to the point where they can send delicious beef jerky via email :) But if you figure that out, I'll back that Kickstarter. @Lawrence - Usually, after the Kickstarter is over and the payments have all cleared (or not, usually takes a week or two after the end of the KS), the KS creator will send out a survey to everyone who pledged to get that kind of information. How do u know where to send the jerky? <email> I think that there are many of us who would love it and jump at the chance! 3lbs, one of each flavor... Pretty please. Can I third a Bulk package? I'd like to second the idea of a bulk pledge level. 3 oz is a good size, but I'm not going to be sharing much. I'm selfish like that. A pound might be pushing it, but If I could get them in 12 oz packages, I might put it out when people are over to watch the game, or put a jar on my desk at work. Not sure how much you would save on packaging, but sharing is the best kind of advertising. How can I buy a pound of each flavor? I have a lot of relatives who would go crazy for this jerky and I'm afraid they will find and eat all of what I get. any word yet on how to order 1oz bags of each flavor? What other flavors are you guys experimenting with? Also, if I pledged for the $59 or $100 tiers, could I just forgo the t-shirt and get more jerky? I can almost smell the jerky from those awesome photos of your jerky. Why aren't you doing taste tests on the West Coast? I keep throwing my money at the screen, but it's not working... Congrats on your stretch goals! They look fantastic. I'm late to the party but I'm glad things are still in full swing. Your video made my mouth water. Had to contribute. I'm making a movie and jerky is the perfect snack for desk jockeys. Check it out if you want (Or not, that's OK too!) Looking forward to my perks. Cheers. -j- <url>"jerky" in the description, minor typo. Really wish you could ship international, I love Kobe beef, but will still support. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. <url>"summer flavors," too. I notice that you don't have limits on how many backers you will accept. Is there a point at which you will have difficulty meeting demand? please make international shipping :) if not just to Denmark would be fine .) Out of curiosity, will there be any stretch goals to follow in the future for this project? New flavors combinations, stickers to help promote you or anything of that sort? I can really get behind where you're coming from; I love quality jerky. I hope that in the future you can export to the UK! I once had a "Kobe-style" (they freely admitted it wasn't actual Kobe) ribeye from an Australian farm. I swear, it tasted like an entirely different animal. It was AMAZING. I'm very much looking forward to the real thing, and seeing how it translates into jerky.