Overview: Genre: Asymmetrical Multiplayer Survival Horror Player count: 5 vs 1 Platforms: PC Rating: M 17+ Launch: Fall 2016 Perspective: First Person Game Synopsis: In Last Year you’ll experience the nightmare together as you and 5 friends struggle to survive against one player that's playing as the Killer. Explore familiar territory based on classic horror movie locations including Camp Silver Lake and East Side High. You’ll play the roles of 5 stereotypical high school characters while co-operating to complete objectives and survive. When playing as the Killer you’ll utilize game-changing Predator mechanics to help you hunt down and eliminate your victims before they have a chance to escape. Players will sneak and slash their way through a suspenseful atmosphere that keeps them on the edge of their seat as they compete to be the top Killer or best Survivors. What is the goal of the Killer? The Killer wins when all 5 Survivors have been eliminated. What is the goal of the Survivors? What do they do? As a survivor your goal is to escape from the scene in the truck. To be able to drive the truck you'll first need to complete a series of objectives, like searching for the keys and gas and fuelling it up. You can also win by killing the Killer but it is far more difficult and requires proper team work. For survivors, completing objectives doesn't have to be done in the same way every time or in a specific order. For example, the keys to the truck are located in the office cabin but the gas is in the maintenance shed on the other side of the camp. You'll need to decide if the whole group should move together and protect each other, or split up and accomplish the tasks quicker but put yourself at greater risk of attack. Choices...choices..choices.. If the Killer disables the camp generator then all the lights go out. Now, in that same situation, you need to find a flashlight first to help you find the keys and gas because everything is dark. Only the Nerd can repair the generator so if you want the lights back on you have to make a choice. Do you split up and let the Nerd go fix the generator while the others search for gas and risk the nerd getting Killed by going alone? Or do you stick together and protect each other? If the Nerd gets killed then the lights will be out forever since nobody is left to fix it, so the only possible way to find your way around would be to use flashlights now. Do you send the Jock to protect him? What about the medic? If the Killer decides to target the medic and she dies then nobody is left to heal the group. You need to think carefully about when to split up and when to stick together. Protecting each other and hiding is essential. Call for backup If the Survivors reach a phone they can call the police . This allows the first player that died to come back as a Police Officer responding to the scene. But, if the Killer cuts the phone line then The Nerd is still the only one who can fix it. If the Nerd dies and the Killer cuts the line you'll never be able to make the call. Five playable survivor classes: Each survivor plays a role like assault or medic, and each role has a unique set of abilities that help the group work together and stay alive. Amber - Scout Can spot the Killer and display his position on the map for other players to see. Can also spot supplies on the map easier than the rest including flashlights and weapons. Weak against attacks from the Killer. Chad - Assault Offers protection to the other players and can melee attack/stun the Killer, giving the other survivors a chance to escape. Strong to withstand attacks from the Killer. Nick - Technician Fixes phone lines, generators, picks locks, hot wires vehicles, and anything else that needs to be repaired. He has a pet rat named Rasmus that you can play as. As Rasmus you can travel through small passages to unlock doors from the other side and provide spy-cam style intel on where the Killer is. Very weak against attacks from the Killer. Sam - Medic Heals wounded players to full health. Troy - Support Also offers protection and can also place traps for the killer which deals damage and slows him down. Can melee attack/stun the Killer same way as Chad. How does Predator mode work? In movies the Killer always appears when the victims least expect it. Nowhere is safe. The same goes for Last Year. Survivors can never fully "out run" the Killer because the Killer can spawn his or her self almost anywhere they want. It works like this: Say you are a Survivor walking through the halls of the high school. If the Killer spots you from afar he can't just chase you down and attack you because Survivors run faster than the Killer can. Instead, the Killer needs to try and take you by surprise and attack you from up close. To get into the perfect attack position he's able to unspawn and go into Predator mode if he isn't within your line of sight. Once he's in predator mode he can move super fast, way faster than survivors can, but he can't attack. He can, however, watch you and study your movements. At this point the killer can spawn back in behind a door and wait for you. (Theres a limit to how close the Killer can spawn in near survivors). As soon as you walk past, or open the door then BOOM, a sudden axe to the face. Won't it be repetitive for the Killer to pick players off one by one? The Killer could take a completely different approach and try to kill the whole group at once. Instead of attacking once the survivors walked past (which would essentially give him a chance to successfully kill one Survivor and cause the remaining group to flee) he could hide behind the door and wait for the whole group to enter a room. Once the group is inside the room he could lock the door behind them essentially trapping everyone inside with nowhere to go. Equipped with a chainsaw you could imagine how things might go in this scenario, but if the Killer only had an axe then there would potentially still be hope for the survivors. There are so many choice and strategy aspects involved for both sides. As Survivors you'll need to decide when to split up and when to stick together, and as the Killer you'll need to plan your attacks and choose the right weapons that fit your tactics and strategy. Isn't the Killer overpowered then? How do the others survive? Killer's strengths: Able to spawn/unspawn and position his/her self to make the perfect surprise attack. Can always find and track down the Survivors. Killer's weaknesses: Can't run as fast as the Survivors. Requires attacking by surprise or luring victims into vulnerable situations. Survivors strength: Able to run faster than the Killer and hide inside the numerous environment locations (lockers, under canoes, closets). This makes Survivors completely invisible to the Killer, even if using Predator Mode. Survivors weakness: Extremely weak and easily killed when facing the Killer in close range melee combat. As a Killer you'll need to use strategy by attacking your victims at the right time. You can't just chase your victims down in an open field... they're faster than you. Instead, you need to hide in the shadows and surprise them where they least expect it. It's a action oriented hunt down experience. As a Survivor you need to keep running, hiding, laying traps, and completing objectives to stay alive. Years ago I played an amazing multiplayer game called the Ship. I remember hiding in the basement behind the door of a sauna and luring someone in there. As soon as they came in the door I turned around and locked them in and turned up the heat, essentially killing them. It was so satisfying. The sense of being able to lure and trick someone, or outsmart them, is the essence of what I want Last Year to be. Welcome to Silver Lake Summer Camp The first environment is Silver Lake Summer Camp, a camp located 50 miles from the nearest town. As the teenagers you’ll start alone and in complete darkness. You'll be on the run with no weapons or resources and you’ll need to find your friends and work together if you expect to survive. Welcome to East Side High School In East Side High you'll sneak your way through the halls at night. All the typical locations are there: gymnasium, cafeteria, auditorium, classrooms, workshops, offices and more. You can even use the schools PA system to broadcast taunting messages throughout the school. Choke Points Another aspect to the game is something called choke points. These are time challenges where the Survivors will barricade themselves behind a door to try and reach a new area of the map. To reach the new area you'll need to pick the locks but you'll have only 30 seconds to pick it and escape before the killer is able to break open the barricade and storm inside for a multi kill. The Killers Tools of the trade There are 5 different Killers you can play as and each Killer has a different type of weapon and play style. Each time you play as the Killer you will get to choose which one to use. Weapons are assigned by Killer type, but they can be changed if you find one laying around in game or taken from Survivors. Certain areas like the auto shop class are most likely to have usable weapons than places like the principles office or counsellor cabins. If you're looking for weapons you'll need to think about the most likely places to find them. The chainsaw lets you deal huge amount of damages to a large group of players at once, but it's slower to use. It's ideal in cases where you manage to trap a group of Survivors in a small room. Machetes on the other hand deal much less damage but are faster to use. Whether you plan to stalk your victims one by one, or lure them all into a death trap, you will determine the type of weapons that suit your play style and tactics. Tools of the trade What games have you worked on before? Credits on the following titles: So why launch now? So this all comes back to why I brought this game to Kickstarter in the first place. In a lot of companies these early stage projects never get a chance see the public eye. Many games we play have gone through this process at some point behind closed doors. However, it’s an incredibly fun and inspiring time to see a new project get born and take shape….It’s the essence of when the core ideas of the game are formed, starting from the very idea, then to an illustration, and eventually to a finished product. Being around a table with colleagues and friends while excitedly brainstorming new ideas saying “Oh it would be cool if when you did this, X thing would happen, and then this other thing over here happened!” is magical. The challenge is being able to filter those ideas into a concise package and prototype the hell out of it. It’s one of the reasons why I love working in the game industry. I wanted to try and bring some of that experience to Kickstarter and let others join in the evolution of the project. For some, they prefer to see a more finished product that’s gone through that process already. For others, it’s simply too risky. I understand the skepticism. I wanted to share the game early so you could have a chance to see and influence that evolution as well, not only buy a finished game. FAQ: Oculus support? Yes. Will there be voice chat support? Yes. An open voice chat + Survivors only channel. Will I be able to create private matches for me and my friends? Yes, private invite match mode plus a multiplayer lobby for public matches. How many players will be able to play at the same time? 6 players total per game (5 v 1). LAN + Online. Whats the goal for the Killer? To kill all the Survivors as fast as possible without dying. Whats the goal for the Survivors? To escape in the truck without dying, or, kill the Killer. Who gets to play as the Killer? Each player takes turns playing as the Killer. If a Survivor manages to kill the Killer then that player gets to be the Killer next round, otherwise its randomly selected. How many different types of Killers are there? There are 5 different types of Killers you can play as, and each one has a unique weapon and play style. What type of weapons does the killer get to use? Currently planned are Chainsaw, Axe, Machete, Spiked Bat, Harpoon, and possibly others. The Killer and the Survivors also lay different types of traps such as nets, tripwires and gas bombs. Are there any single player elements? Currently designed as multiplayer experience but the door is open for potential singleplayer mode. How many game modes are there? There is currently 1 game mode. The Survivors have to complete objectives and escape the scene while being hunted by the Killer. How many levels/locations will there be? Two locations are planned for launch with additional levels planned as updates: The first two levels are Camp Silver Lake and East Side High School. What type of weapons or supplies do the Survivors get? The Survivors spawn with no weapons and they have to find supplies on the map. There are bats, crowbars, slingshots, and even a revolver to be found. Only the Assault and Support class can use melee weapons to attack the Killer. When spawning as a police officer you'll be equipped with a revolver. See the gameplay section for more information on spawning as a police officer. Backers! The day has come to announce Last Year is finally coming to Steam on December 10th. What wild ride the past few years have been. Without you, none of this would have been possible. You believed in Last Year since day one and the team and I are incredibly proud to finally deliver the game to you. And this is just the beginning.... <url>’s been overrun by a menacing creature infestation. The infestation introduces PVE to Last Year’s asymmetric formula, and delivers a deeper, more brutal survival layer for both Fiends and Classmates. In this update, East Side High School has been redesigned and re-imagined. Players will enter the world on their own terms thanks to another brand new feature: Maining. Players can now play as any Fiend or Classmate 100% of the time, as the original character selection system has been completely overhauled from the ground up. Chapter 1: AFTERDARK also introduces a brand new progression and customization system. Fiends and Classmates are rewarded for good deeds with unlockable cosmetics, emotes, and arcane abilities. With each new Chapter comes a new batch of unlockable content, but that content is ONLY available to be unlocked during the Chapter. Once a player unlocks a piece of content during a Chapter, they’ll have that item forever, but to own it they’ll have to unlock it before the next Chapter begins. There are tons of new features that we’re excited to start sharing, and the development team is working on new Chapters that we can’t wait to surprise you with. Last Year is a sandbox for horror that will bring new and unexpected Fiends and features with each new release. Keys In the coming days you will be receiving your Steam key(s) from keymailer. There is nothing you need to do at this time except ensure your kickstarter account emails are up to date. We'll be sending out another backer update to notify you as keys are being sent, so you will know the moment it happens. Additional Rewards All additional rewards, including the soundtrack, skins, and more, are of course coming, and these will be arriving a little after launch of Afterdark. We need to take some time and let the dust settle with the progression and customization system and ensure it's stable once the game is live. Once we are confident that the backend for the customization system is working as it should, we'll be launching all the additional rewards. The past years have been filled with incredible challenges of building a team, and a game, from scratch. When you originally backed this game, many of you have graduated high school or university, got married, had kids, or perhaps found a new job or career. I've been working on Last Year non-stop since that day, and I'm grateful for having that opportunity. The team and I hope you'll have just as much enjoyment from playing it as we have from making it all these years. Chapter 1 is just the beginning of a new content that we're excited to release. Thank you Backers, -James We've been getting several messages from backers not being able to answer the survey. One of the reasons: folks are using different emails to manage their KS accounts. In order to make things easier for everyone, we'll be sending all backer entitlements (your beta access key, complimentary Discord full game key, your promised Steam key and other digital rewards) to the email used the first time when you backed the game and payment was collected. Just giving everyone a heads up to avoid further confusion and simplify our reward distribution method. Stay tuned as something is coming your way...soon. ;) The Elastic Games Development Team Hello all! Today, we are proud to reveal our official trailer . We hope you like it! I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you once more to update your Kickstarter emails for future important communication. More info coming your way very soon! Cheers, Jay Acevedo Head of Brand and Communications Remember we talk to you about a big partner? Well... We’re proud to announce that we’re launching first on Discord later this Fall! Full announcement on our new website (hope you like it, btw!) but we'll be sharing more in the coming days/weeks. Speaking of website, there are cool wallpapers and screenshots available within the MEDIA section. ;) Part of the team will be at PAX West (Booth # 7108) so if you're around, come say hi and play the game. We'd be happy to shake some hands and all. The road to launch continues and expect more from us. We are cooking something very cool for you and the entire Last Year community. My oh my... Hello dear backer, Quick note to let you all know that we have reached an important level in our development cycle. While many of these things aren't made for public knowledge (i.e. business-oriented matters), we'd like to reassure you that despite certain belief on the internet, our game is far from being cancelled. We've also received countless messages asking for the promised rewards. They are still there and will be honored, so rest assured on that front. We are prepping to reveal many things in a very near future, including an update on our previously-revealed release date and the launch of our official DISCORD server. Once we have our path settled for the next pulse point, we will open the floodgates and hope that you - and new people outside of the Kickstarter community - will join us towards launch. Until then, I'd like to thank you for the interest, high energy and passion shown towards our game and appreciate your patience. Forward always, Jay Acevedo Head of Brand &amp; Communications Elastic Games Hello hello! Quick note to let you know that our game had an amazing presence last week in Boston! The reception was simply phenomenal and it injected an extra dose of energy in our "road to launch" phase. If you were at the show (we know some of you were), we'd like to thank you once more for coming and play with us! Photo Album (in case you missed some of the action last week!) Cheers, The Elastic Games Dev Team! Hello Backers! This is Kevin, your new marketing and community guy. James and the team are hard at work on making Last Year the best asymmetrical game possible so it falls to me to update you guys this time. Fan Discord Channel We have a great new Discord channel setup with the help of Krokodiel89, we will be having weekly Friday conversations with fans about the game, art asset uploads, and behind the scenes news loaded up there. Plus, it’s a great place to meet people and plan your future groups escape route from Last Year. Did I mention that I am there all the time as well? See you soon backers, Link - <url>’s Etienne Malepart and I’m the newest member of the Elastic Games’ team and I am going to be working on Last Year The Game. I’ve just recently finished my bachelor's at NAD (3D Animation and Image Synthesis) and I’ve been hired on the project as a Junior Technical Game Designer. That said, I’ll be mostly working on UI integration, to help make the experience smooth and intuitive. So far, I’ve mostly worked on the killer selection screen, which lets you choose between killers before you start a match. I’ve also started working on the in-game HUD and we are really excited to share that with you guys in the near future. I’m really thrilled to be a part of this adventure, considering I am a huge fan of team-based competitive games as well as horror games. Traps, Shotguns, and Motion Tracker We are happy to share with you two new finalized art assets, the Trap, the Shotgun and talk a bit about how we are reworking the Motion Tracker. The Wire Trap is finally done! Although we have covered the trap in the past we are now at the point of calling this locked down in both appearance and function. It’s been a cool journey for the wire trap, from pen to in-game, and at this point we are excited to see how all you Killers use it in the August beta. At the moment, multiple traps can be dropped across choke points, wide corridors and on top of darkened areas where they are hard to see creating both great ambush locations and cutting off survivor retreat options. Don’t worry about how big it looks, after hundreds of hours of testing internally we can vouch for you guys that when the environmental lighting combines with the gameplay you will always find yourself running into these at the worst possible times. The Shotgun is a single barrel, limited ammo weapon. Very powerful and a great way to level the playing field with the Killer, especially if your 2-3 teammates down. Remember if you miss the first time you could be in a lot of trouble. Ammo is not something you will find in the world easy and the Shotgun is difficult in the best of times to acquire. We went through a few different iterations of it but we finally settled on a single barrel hunting shotgun for its look. The Motion Tracker is coming along. We are doing a new pass on The Motion Tracker. We found that the past motion tracker currently in-game didn’t really work well broadcasting two critical things. If the Killer was close and if your defensive camera flash had blinded him. As you can see we are busy on reworking this and have some cool close to final concepts. We look forward to sharing the in-game model with you soon. Next Time That is it for this time, we are looking forward to sharing with you next time all the hard work the team has put into several gameplay advancements and matching making scenario. We have so much we want to share with you next time! See you next time! Hello everyone and Happy Holidays! Today we're incredibly excited to annnounce that Last Year has raised a $560,000 investment from the Canada Media Fund ($390,000), Business Development Bank Of Canada ($150,000) and Fondation Montreal Inc ($20,000 grant). Our mission has always been to bring you the highest quality game possible and this additional investment helps us get even closer to that goal. With your help, the total amount of funding raised for Last Year so far is over $930,000 CAD. This newly acquired investment will enable Elastic Games to hire even more talented staff who will be working full time and making Last Year the most thrilling multiplayer horror game available. In the most recent gameplay reveal (see here <url>’s that time of year again and the team is incredibly excited to finally share in-game footage with you. Today we finally reveal Predator Mode, the Killer’s special set of abilities that enables him to stalk and hunt down the survivors. All footage is captured directly in game at 60 FPS on PC using the latest version of Unreal Engine 4.This is our benchmark for the quality for characters, sound, and atmospheric environments that you will experience with Last Year. With each environment we are crafting a location that tells a story, an immersive world that makes you feel like you’re living inside a movie. We’re also incredible excited to share the first two official screenshots of Last Year with you. Click for full 2K resolution! Troy and Samantha attempt to take on The Giant. Troy is weilding a home made taser, one of the many craftable items in the game. It gives survivors the ability to temporarily stun the Killer and make a daring escape. Fighting back against The Killer when you're in a group can sometimes be successful, but when you're all alone you are almost certain to face death. Here, Amber is on the run from the Slasher and tries (unsuccessfully) to hide in the basements of East Side. Please welcome our new Marketing and Community Director, Kevin Scharf, who happens to be another fellow colleague from Eidos Montreal who has joined the team!. Kevin: Hello Backers and Happy Halloween! My name is Kevin Scharf and I am the new guy in this band of developers! My official role/title on the Last Year team is Marketing Director but in essence I’m the guy who is now making sure that you are all up-to-date, that the public is excited for this great project you helped fund, and that our trailers, marketing material, and brand are kickass, and that all of us are having a blast. This game wouldn’t be possible without you guys and I just want you all to know that we will always put you first, the people who got us here in the first place. I hope you enjoyed our Last Year – Predator Mode Reveal Trailer and I look forward to getting even more cool content and videos to you guys! From this point forward you should all expect a lot more communication, a revamp of our Facebook page www.facebook.com/lastyearthegame and Twitter Feed www.twitter.com/lastyeargame and some upcoming surprises. I look forward to sharing this journey to launch with all of you, and making Last Year the best multiplayer horror title possible. Taking time to craft a legend Now that we have had a chance to share our vision for quality with all of you (barring missing animations and further polish) we feel that its time to have an important talk with not only our backers but the public at large. Last Year has been an amazing journey so far for the team working on it. From starting with an idea in James Wearing’s head, to 2 people bouncing ideas between each other during lunch breaks, to the modest sized team we have currently (which was built with your help and backing), we have always been consistent in one thing. We put quality first. Quality is not only visuals but game mechanics, game design, maps, sounds, packaging, matchmaking, progression, and so much more. It is the very thing that can elevate a relatively unknown title and turn it into something special. To that end we believe that we need more time to ensure that everyone gets the best quality game possible. So we are moving our release date from Late November 2016 to a beta in Mid August 2017 . This was a tough decision for the team but we know you, our fans and backers, want something that is not only great to look at, but is also great to play with your friends and with the Last Year community. We promise you all that the wait will be worth it. For our fans who missed our Kickstarter but have been emailing us about wanting to help: we have not forgotten about you. We will be opening up a limited window on reserving your place as a “late backer” and getting a chance to have the same benefits as our current Backers. Though we haven’t set the date yet we, stay tuned to this Facebook page for the confirmed date to reserve your backer status. We're also super excited to finally share the news of the music team that has been composing the soundtrack for Last Year. We have teamed up with Pixel Audio, one of Montreal's leading composition teams. The Predator Mode reveal trailer was composed by the team at Pixel and gives you a sample of what the team is creating for Last Year. for more information on pixel visit www.pixelaudio.ca We're excited to be working with Pixel because of their ability to create such a vast and wide ranging set of styles. Last Year features a fully dynamic music system created by the team and Pixel that caters to the audio experience of each player. What the Killer hears is completely different than what Survivors hear, and Pixel is hard at work crafting a sonic-story that will immerse you into the role of a Killer or Survivor. Once again none of this would be possible without your help and believing in Last Year from the beginning. We hope the Predator Reveal trailer gives you a sense of the quality and immersiveness to expect when Last Year is ready and we have a LOT more to show you in the coming months. Happy Halloween!! -Last Year development team www.facebook.com/lastyearthegame www.twitter.com/lastyeargame Hey everyone! I’m extremely proud to share that Epic Games, creator of the Unreal Engine, has contributed $17,000 USD towards the development of Last Year. The team at Epic has been keeping an eye on Last Year and it’s incredible to have such a powerhouse developer backing us with their support. We’ve been fairly quiet about our tech and engine plans till now but I’m happy to say with Last Year you’ll be seeing Unreal 4 pushed to the fullest extent. I want to express a huge thank you to the team at Epic for their continued support and believing in us. James Hey all! I wanted to share an early behind the scenes look of some cool stuff happening since the last update. As you already know the inspiration for Last Year comes is based on classic high school character cliches and set in classic movie locations. At the start of the project, when it was basically just an idea kicking around in my head long before the Kickstarter happened, the original plan was to set the game in a 1980s summer camp and all the characters would be dressed like campers and camp counsellors. Once I actually started digging into design ideas for the setting and characters it became clear there were a lot more interesting opportunities for building on stereotypes and environments from the late 90s....and being a 90s kid myself I felt I had a lot more experience growing up around similar types of characters. This is how the year 1998 was chosen for when the game takes place and that shift in the game's era is also when game became much more than jsut a “camp killer” game, it became what you see today on Kickstarter: A much broader teenage slasher that takes place in a variety of familiar locales including the highschool, suburbs, and the mall. Today I wanted to share a look into the research and creation process of recreating characters of that era starting with Chad for the execution and trapping prototype that I'm currently working on. Here is a quick side by side showing the original chad concept and a work in progress of the in game character model. I recently showed this character work in progress to a friend and the first thing they said was “I just wanna punch Chad in the face!”. That confirmed to me it's on the right track of conveying Chad's arrogant, bully type of personality. Theres a certain degree of interpretation when sculpting from a concept so balance has to be found between how 1:1 the character should look to the concept vs creating what actually works and looks good in the game engine. Here is how the the head sculpt starts out before hair, eyes and textures have been added: An interesting thing with these types of movies is the actors always seem to look older than the age they are supposed to be playing...at least in the ones that are somewhat comical and self aware. An 18 year old character could be played by a 25 year old for example. Thats a bit of the idea here as well...he doesn't necessarily look exactly like an 18 year old, but just similar enough to pass as one in a film. For the costumes a lot of effort has been going into designing the right clothing style too. The concept image usually gives a good overall impression of silhouette and style but it doesn't give a lot of information on details like fabric, wrinkles, and material properties. Thats where photo refs are being used. Below is the concept and then various jacket photos that are used as a reference guide to help give the detail information needed when sculpting. The jacket is your classic letterman/varsity jacket with leather arms, a felt base, elastic around the neck and wrists, and various collegiate and sports patches. Originally, Marvellous Designer (a 3d modelling program for fabric and clothing) was used for building the base jacket model and technically it felt realistic but for this particular character it required hand sculpting the model to accurately capture the way these jackets look and feel. The same goes for the jeans below. The concept gives a good overall impression of the outfit but lacks specific photo and wrinkle detail for sculpting so photo refs are used in conjunction to give a proper sense of fabric folds, details and texture variation. Above is work in progress of the in game legs. For the jeans it's quite challenging too because using any old type of jeans won't really capture the effect of a 90s guy. 90s jeans are a lot more distinct because they're straiter/baggier than something you'd see today. They kind of hang down and have longer vertical folds. The shoes haven't been textured yet so they won't look solid white in the final version but this is the shape and design. They'll be black/white just like a good old worn out pair of converse. My goal is attention to detail by researching the right fabric and fashion styles of the time to properly convey the distinct 90s feeling and make you feel like you are in a movie..more so to say just throwing on a pair of generic looking jeans. Every aspect is being thoroughly researched, refined, and tweaked until it becomes convincing for that era. Not final textures, these are just solid colors applied to a base material to get a sense of color palette. It'll have proper looking felt/leather/jeans material types when finalized. Another larger close up: New website!! The new last year website is almost done too! Heres a preview of how the new home page looks. There are still a few small things I'm tweaking before getting it online (still temp text and blank spots in places) but it is going to function as the primary hub for all the news updates, behind the scenes, and community very soon. All the other pages are done and in the final tweaks phase. The new site will also serve as an additional funding platform for people who only have Paypal or other methods and were not able to pledge on Kickstarter originally. The Canada Media Fund announced the deadline for the funding programs: May 12th 2016. As mentioned previously the next stage of last year funding is applying for through the Canada Media Fund experimental stream fund. I'm close to having the final application complete and I expect to submit it long before the final closing date. The key factors in the CMF's evaluation of game projects is their innovation factor.I'm focusing my effort on detailing the mechanics and scenarios that make last year innovative and unique as much as possible. As soon as it's submitted I'll let you guys know in another update and you'll also know as soon as word from them comes back. In the meantime I'll be hard at work getting the website up, the execution/chad prototype running in game, and finalizing the CMF proposal. Thanks again guys have a great rest of the weekend! Go Habs Go! -James Update #7 New location, idea gathering, 4 days left! I received a few questions about what the dlc/update plans are once the game is finished and whether or not new content will be added post launch. All backers will receive all updates included free of charge..including any additional maps/characters. It wouldn't really make sense to charge backers for content when the backers are the ones who made something possible in the first place so expect all future content to be included. The first element of content updates will be map 3: The Mall. An environment illustration by a new talented artist that's joining Last Year development. Locked in the Mall overnight The mall isn't designed as an abandoned or decrepit place. It's still a very much functional mall during the daytime. The survivors have been accidentally locked inside at night and must escape from the Killers. The Mall's atmosphere and goal a space we've all seen in everyday life but experienced in a different way (darker, emptier, mysterious). As a kid I dreamed of how cool it would be being locked in a mall overnight and all the fun stuff I'd do..that would actually still be pretty sweet to do right now! Think of all the unlimited candy, epic nerf battles, exploring hidden places and ultimate games of hide and seek you could do. The Mall aims to capture that feeling of wonder and exploration but in a way thats slightly more....murdereous.. Points of interest in the mall: Department Store (changing rooms, counters, clothes racks) Arcade (arcade machines, foosball tables, skee ball) Car garage in the basement Restaurant/Bar Bathrooms Escalators and Elevators Mall security area Food courts / tables <url>"Manage Your Pledge" or following this guide HERE You'll receive 6 copies of the finished game + 6 beta invitations + a backers exclusive Killer skin + All the previous rewards. Sweet!! One last thing: I thought you guys might also be interested in checking out this other horror themed Kickstarter called Devils Bluff that has a interesting retro-horror style.You can check out Here . It's a multiplayer murder mystery which sounds like it would be a really fun party game. Thank you everyone for all the continued support! James Funding successful with still 11 days to go!! Wow, a big thank you is due here. Thank you guys so much for making this happen. The amount of support and backing you've given to Last Year is truly humbling and inspiring. Not enough thanks can be said. I'm honestly just super happy that you guys are as passionate and excited about it as I am. Again, Thank you . Whats is so cool is that a majority of fans came not from the mainstream press but instead they came from sites like imgur, 9gag, dorkly, reddit and others. It really goes to show the power of people voting and choosing what they like and what they share. That was very unexpected for me. A special thanks to those of you that shared it with your friends have helped spread the word. More updates coming very soon on additional reward tiers and some awesome collaborative opportunities. Thank you again. Sincerely, James Wearing THANK YOU!!! 70% Achieved!! Almost there!! Firstly I want to give a huge thank you to all of you who’ve supported the project. We just crossed 70% mark and the feedback so far has been amazing!! It honestly means a lot to me to see so many people back this and send so many messages of support. To get messages from fans saying they’ve dreamed of this game since they were a kid makes it makes it feel worthwhile and that you are on to building something special. So thank you for that, thank you for pledging, the kind words and sharing in the passion for the game. Thank you!! New rewards tiers incoming! Some new reward tiers are incoming in the next days and one of those rewards is the chance to work alongside one of the concept artists to design your own Killer or Survivor that will be featured in the full game. You and the concept artist will work together to plan, research, illustrate, and finalize a high quality character that matches the style and atmosphere of the game. Artistic skills not required - all you need to bring are some creative ideas and passion and you’ll work closely with a talented artist who will help bring those ideas to life. Once approved that design will then be modelled, animated and integrated into the final game where everyone will have the chance to play as that character and you will be credited as the creators. There’s only going to be one of these rewards so it’ll be a first come first serve basis. The reward will be opened at the exact same time as the next update goes up in the next few days. Mac / Console versions? I receive a lot of questions about mac / console support so I just wanted to share some feedback on it. I’ll also update the FAQ so thanks to those of you who asked about it for helping with that. Multiplatform development is incredibly expensive and challenging. I love those platforms but my goal right now is to deliver a successful PC version first. One step at a time...Afterwards, the plan is to maintain a high level of support for PC and then start looking at expanding the game on additional platforms. But, the priority is to deliver a high quality PC version first and not bite off more than can be chewed. Cover art Also I think it would be cool to have you guys vote on the games cover art you like the best. I’ll be showing the first iteration of a cover art next as well. Stay tuned for those updated reward tiers on the next update coming in the few days. Thank you all again for the support. Have a great Friday all! Cheers! James <url>’s studio in Germany. Three months later I was on a flight to Frankfurt. The first thing I asked the Crytek employee that picked me up from Frankfurt airport was “What’s the game we’re going to make?”. He responded in a thick german accent, “It’s called Crysis”. I was stoked just from hearing the name even though I had no idea what it was going to be about. Getting the chance to work on the first Crysis and help shape some of the tools of CryEngine was an incredible learning experience and entry to the world of making cutting edge tech. A couple years later I received a similar job offer but this time it was from Lon Bender, an Oscar award winning sound supervisor that founded sound effects company Soundelux. Oddly enough I remember watching the 1996 Oscars and seeing Lon accepted the academy award for Best Sound on Braveheart. In 1996, I had no idea who he was... but here I was 11 years later on the phone with the same guy and now he was asking me to come work on films in LA. It was another surreal moment. When I got the call I was actually in Sweden interviewing at DICE. Three months later again I was on a flight to sunny Los Angeles and soon working beside people who had made soundtracks for films like Black Hawk Down and Braveheart. While in LA I met some folks that introduced me to the sound department at Ubisoft Montreal and shortly afterwards I took a position as the Lead Sound Designer for Assassin’s Creed 2. Many 4AM nights were spent shipping that game with a team of talented people but it was another education on working with the multitude of game disciplines and how to survive crunch time. After AC2 was completed I worked on a few other Ubisoft projects like Far Cry 3 and some new IPs. I also worked at other companies and on smaller puzzle games like Hitman GO. I’ve also done freelancing for marketing including trailer credits for Destiny and Transformers 4. I hear you saying “What! a sound designer just makes sounds they can’t make a game!” That’s something I’ve been asked before...and how being a sound designer led me to being a person that creates their own projects. Being a sound designer on a AAA game is actually a great way to learn how all the disciplines of game development work together. Sound is often seen as something that comes last in a chain of events and is often seen as a "final touch" that enhances a finished product. However, the best sound comes from actually being part of the process, and it is iterated and evolved upon in parallel with everything else, not just a cherry on the top. Creating AAA sound is a great education on learning how all the pieces of game engine technology are talking to each other. Sound is dependent on every aspect of the game and as a sound designer you need to learn the tools and how level artists create levels so that you can navigate through the worlds yourself and populate it with immersive soundscapes. You’ll dig through a scripted scene to figure out how it’s constructed so you can add the proper sound at the right time. Animations need sound too so you’ll need to learn how to navigate through thousands of animations and decide if keyframes should trigger sound or if code should call animation sounds directly. Particles are getting triggered via a whole different system? Now you have to learn how a complex effect is triggered and learn where to “hook in” to those systems. A concept artist doesn't necessarily need to know how the particle system works in order to make a great image but as a sound designer you NEED to know these things in order to do a good soundtrack. It is juggling act of technology and creativity and they’re often at odds with each other. What I’m saying is: being a sound designer doesn’t auto-make you an animator or a genius programmer but you do learn how all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. At least thats how I learned. It’s during that time I began working on my own game ideas that I’d been tossing around in my head for a while. I started teaming up with friends, colleagues and business partners I had worked with at different studios over the years. I started learning a broader array of skills like texturing, shading/lighting, concept design, writing, editing, and integrating assets into engines like unreal and unity. During that process Last Year was born. So why launch now? So this all comes back to why I brought this game to Kickstarter in the first place. In a lot of companies these early stage projects never get a chance see the public eye. Many games we play have gone through this process at some point behind closed doors. However, it’s an incredibly fun and inspiring time to see a new project get born and take shape….It’s the essence of when the core ideas of the game are formed, starting from the very idea, then to an illustration, and eventually to a finished product. Being around a table with colleagues and friends while excitedly brainstorming new ideas saying “Oh it would be cool if when you did this, X thing would happen, and then this other thing over here happened!” is magical. The challenge is being able to filter those ideas into a concise package and prototype the hell out of it. It’s one of the reasons why I love working in the game industry. I wanted to try and bring some of that experience to Kickstarter and let others join in the evolution of the project. For some, they prefer to see a more finished product that’s gone through that process already. For others, it’s simply too risky. I understand the skepticism. I wanted to share the game early so you could have a chance to see and influence that evolution as well, not just buying a finished game. Hopefully I haven’t bored you to death with life stories but I just wanted to share a bit on my background, how this project came to life, and how being a part of AAA production cycles on major projects has given me some experience to be able to align this project with more people who have the resources to help see it to full completion... and that I’m not some random dude that woke up and decided to make a game today. Up to now I’ve invested eight thousand of my own money to begin this process of creation. I hope you will share the excitement of being part of a game from it’s earliest incarnation. Every game begins somewhere, this is the path I chose to follow. (Next up: In Update #2 I’ll share a bit of my past experience working at Crytek and Ubisoft on games like Crysis and the Assassin’s Creed series and it's helping shape the direction for Last Year. Hopefully I won’t bore you guys to death too much :) Killer Mechanics I’ve been reading the comments from various sites and a redditor mentioned a great idea for sound clues for the Killer. As a survivor, when the Killer uses predator mode and walks near you you’d hear sound cues to alert you that he’s nearby. If he’s moving through some bushes you’d hear rustling coming from that direction...or rattling sounds on nearby objects. It would give survivors a chance to listen and hear for threats - and add another dimension of stealth strategy for the Killer. Don’t be too loud or you’ll spook the survivors. Very cool idea and it’s going into the design. Thanks mixermath! Balance Another few comments were saying the Killer seems overpowered. This isn’t the goal - but there are definitely some situations where Survivors wouldn’t stand a chance. The Killer can’t go invisible if he’s within a 10 meter radius or in direct line of sight by Survivors. Survivors won’t ever actually see the Killer’s invisibility transformation take place….that would feel too paranormal and break the atmosphere of the game. It’s more about embracing the the classic trope of the Killer always able to keep up with the victims…..even if they run for miles the Killer manages to appear out of nowhere and keep them on their toes. Technically, if Survivors stood in an open field The Killer could never get close enough to attack because Survivors run faster than the Killer. The challenge comes when Survivors are forced to through smaller confined spaces like hallways. A smart Killer will be waiting for you in the right spot and not just rampaging through the map. It also depends on which survivor class he’s after. If the Killer surprise attacks the Nerd then chances are the Nerd is as good as dead. the Jock would still stand a chance in that situation though, if he has a weapon he could counter the Killer, stun him, and make a run for it. Players need to decide if they want to stick together and protect each other...for example the Jock could walk in front and protect the group. Battlefield’s first-person knife and counter knifing is a bit controversial but done properly this type of execution system would excel for the Killer. <url>’ll be able to attack with the more slashy melee attacks, or, get up close for these types of brutal kill animations. The Killer also needs to take into consideration who he’s attacking..and in the case of Chad the best approach for the Killer would be to make sudden attack from behind and avoid Chads counter ability. Imagine yourself as Chad walking through the basement locker rooms of the school, when all of a sudden the lights go out, the door closes behind you, and you’re locked in a dark room with the Killer. Predator Cooldown There’s also a cooldown timer so the Killer can’t spam the predator mode constantly. He needs to decide when to use it - but on the flip side survivors can watch for patterns of when the Killer uses it and make their move at the right time. If the Killer just spawned in the Survivors could make a dash for the hallway whilst knowing that the Killer can’t despawn for another 10 seconds. It was also discussed on reddit and it’s being added to the design. If you have ideas I encourage you to share them on comments or email me at <email> Theres a lot of cool ideas that we can devise and features like the Killer audio cues are fairly easy to implement tech wise and offer so much in terms of gameplay possibilities. I also encourage you guys to share this with as many people as you can and help spread the word so we can make this happen. See you all on the next update. Thanks guys, James Thank you for the kind words Robert! Team Elastic is working hard on delivering the top quality possible on Last Year that you and every other backer deserve. It is! I suggest getting onto our Discord Channel to hear more <url>"Yearbook" for all the backers names to be featured there as well. @Ryan not annoying at all. Here's a zip of some art for anybody who wants it <url># of characters at this stage, but well done dialog and systems are a high priority. @Dablue Re: FFA. Yes exactly. Would be great as post launch mods/mode updates that add variation down the line. @Donald Ellis Thank you for your support Donald!! @Deerool Solid stuff. It's really surprised me how the goth girl is such a hot topic. Actually when I first began working on this one of the first things a colleague said to me was the need for the goth girl that senses paranormal things so I think theres something interesting to explore there. @AJ Torres Honored to be your first! @Jonas customizing mic options per game would be useful, for people who want the "ultra real" experience and disabling mic, vs those who would want the killer and all survivors to be able to communicate with each other. Playing with friends you'd want to keep the trash talking/taunting options open. @Mukilan Suresh @Adam Fergus @Dablue Whip and sicles are interesting sounding..For the weapons I'm aiming to ensure each has a distinct feeling that is different in function than the rest..Like for example an axe and a Machete are similiar in how they're used, compared to a harpoon gun or chainsaw. What could be the benefit+drawbacks of the whip/sicle? @Adam Ferguson Elaborate on your thoughts for female Killers.. @Mark Churchill Absolutely man go for it! Always appreciate helping the word spread. @Dablue @Mukilan Suresh Awesome! And guys if it takes me a day or so to reply no need to worry - I'll respond, just receiving hundreds of messages a day and responding to each one takes some time :D ! @Elliot Obregon PC only for now, unless you utilized bootcamp on the mac...which I did lots of before and L4D ran awesomely on it (2011 ish imac with win7) @duhfool Backstabbing is a really interesting idea, if it can be done at certain points that have clear positive/negative outcomes like the truck you mentioned, and not necessarily just at random..to avoid everybody killing eachother from the get go. Another aspect is possibly one survivor assigned to help the killer in some small way...a saboteur. @Mukilan Suresh A lot of funny possibilities for cheesy/classic sounding achievements :) @Dablue Enhancements, but I'd prefer the term making the experience deeper vs wider: -The possibility of being able to adding mod / custom map support -More language options for VO and interface translation -More complex dialog playback systems (more options/variations for auto-triggered and manually triggered dialog so that it doesn't become repetitive. A funny line gets old fast when it's heard again and again. -More music and complex interactive music systems. -Better anti-cheat solutions Size: The maps need to be quite large to accomodate a series of objectives but also to have "relief" points where the survivors get a moment of peace to prepare/plan tactics the next leg... sort of like a relay race. It's not possible to give an exact square footage on it but they aren't arenas or counter strike battle maps...they are longer, more complex areas. Yes on matchmaking. This is another area that'll need yours and community feedback on. Post launch would be additional maps/scenarios free of charge for backers (what about the possibility of officially incorporating popular community maps as release?). Transitioning discussion over to Last Year forums is the plan with updates coming as often as possible because as I mentioned I want you guys experiencing the evolution of this game from the perspective of someone who is there in the room...not just someone buying a box on a shelf and having no say in it. Granted, sometimes it can spoil the experience of the magic when you don't having a fresh look at it..so a balance of what/when to show will be important so as not to burn anybody out or create too many preconceptions..plus keeping it exciting. @Tyler Anthony Edwards Yes in the sense of AI - not so much a singleplayer "campaign" but rather a offline mode for when you want to just play alone, the internet is down, or just friendless :D @Lyrad 5 Survivors + 5 Killers (not including the community designed ones which are yet to be created). Killer variants aren't just skins either - for example chainsaw killer is a different gameplay style than the machete guy. Same with the harpoon guy. If you want to be quick and slashy choose the machete guy, but it'll require more hits to fully kill the student vs. the chainsaw guy who can destroy a whole group in seconds (but moves slower than the machete guy as a result) so you'll choose the tactics that fits your preferred style. DLC/additional maps and features should and will be free to backers, since post-launch support and offerings are important to maintaining the lifespan as you mentioned. @Adam Ferguson Ski resort gone bad would be awesome, creepy chalets and buildings on mountain in the wilderness. A trello style running list of community suggestions that can be upvoted would be pretty interesting to compile ideas like this. @Mark Churchill That would be another backervoted / designed element, so I'll wait and let the community decide what the final design would be, based on a few options. Could even be tied into the design a character aspect as well. @Mukilan Suresh Awesome thanks for the good comments. You can write me anytime directly too at <email> Proud to have you as a backer as well! @Stroke Cheers thanks man! Yep, aiming for as many as possible. For me that's where the value is...making sure as many people can experience it in their native language as possible. @Dablue RE: James: also, this game needs full frontal nudity (Friday the 13th) and a self resurrection mode... (you shoot the killer, you turn and and his body is gone. (Halloween) Something very similar I thought of too. There would be a kind of funny gameplay mechanic there where someone on the team would HAVE to keep looking at the killer in order for him to stay "dead" while the others complete a task. If all 5 players don't have the killer in sight, even for a second, the body magically disappears and the killer can spawn again. Classic. @Dablue Clown would be awesome! Actually someone mentioned the 3rd map should be an old amusement park...so that would fit quite nicely. @Sean Herron The medic is still evolving feature wise and she'll need more than healing, open to hearing what you guys think. Smoke do sound cool, especially if other characters can use it as well..or the previously mentioned needle that you can stab the killer with. Potentially combing items with the slingshot was another thing suggested: ie. you could sling a rock, a needle, a smoke bomb... @Aiden H too early to give exact spec...aiming for as scalable as possible. I've always respected Valve titles and their ability to play on anything. I'd like to make LY similarly scalable. @Cameron Hardisty EXACTLY. Thanks for pointing those out. These are the types of features I'm talking about when I say details and polish are the highest priority. I'm working on a dialog system for exactly this purpose...all those little quips and comedic relief lines add SO much to a game. Dialog is very, very, very important. Player should be able to manually trigger, but also dialog auto-trigger depending on the situation that's happening. @Mukilan Suresh Outrise is a playable prototype and some people are working on it (it looks pretty darn impressive actually) But my focus and time is dedicated to Last Year. @Adam Ferguson Yeah I hear you, the design character being tied to a reward tier would disclude those who didn't jump at the chance fast enough (sleeping, different time zone, not at the computer, etc)...in addition to the paywall factor. Pretty much everyone would be disappointed except the person who was lucky enough to snag it first. A Multi entry, community based voting would be really great and give more than just 1 person the opportunity. Like I said though, totally open for debate on this to find something that would be awesome for everyone to be able to partake in. @Christian @Lyrad You know, since we'll be doing this more on a voting system rather than a payed tier another possibility is that we have multiple people selected to design the character and then you guys vote/give feedback the best of all those multiple entries. It's really up to you guys on how want it to work, I just want you involved :) I really wish everyone could design the character but for obvious reasons we'd then have thousands of characters to make. At least this way everyone could vote on perhaps 8 community designs? What do you guys think? @Dablue Feel free to msg me at <email> with any questions as well. Responding to the hundreds and hundreds of messages in the inbox :) @Jonah Lutchmedial Yes! I'm targeting mid range but no exact spec right now. However, It'll be as scalable as possible. It'll be competitive visually, but planning Crysis levels of PC punishment. @Stroke Hey Man! I addressed the issue with stretch goals a couple times and the reasons I don't feel it's the right choice. With any additional funding I plan to enhance the content that will already there with more localization options and overall more polish and details. Adding more platforms is huge...it significantly increases costs, time and numerous other factors and I don't see a value in adding it just for the sake of making a few dollars more. I would love to have Mac/Linux or console support, don't get me wrong, but I'm focused on delivering the initial goal: a successful, highly polished experience for PC. An awesome, polished experience on one platform is preferred than an unpolished experience on multiplatform. @Ted Yue Hey Ted Based on requests a 6 pack bundle is now available for this! @Nicholas Thank you!! It made perfect sense to have this type of bundle. @Josh Hah me too! :) Thanks so much for your support. @Jonathan Stark Thanks for your support. Code! :) @Ben @Brett Thanks guys :D @ Tyler Anthony Edwards Similar to Andrew's question. I'd like to enhance and supplement the content that exists from the beginning and use additional funding to refine and"make it better" rather than just "add more stuff"and that would include things like localizing the game for more languages, creating dynamic and trigger-able dialog, and more interactivity in the music. @ Sean Boland Thank you Sean!! :) @Andrew regarding stretch goals. I'd like to use additional funds to enhance the content that already exists in game rather than just "adding more". For example, adding international language support and more variety of character dialog will enhance what already exists and make it better. Basically I just want all content included from the beginning and any additional funds used to supplement that content. I prefer this rather than tacking on gameplay mechanics or features that are dependent on certain levels of funding :) @Mukilan Suresh Oh yeah College Humor!! Thank you, and to the many more communities that pledged. Hey guys first a huge thank you. Seriously, how humbling and inspiring it is to see so much positive feedback and support. We hit the goal and there's still 11 days to go!! Wow. Update #5 was just posted here: <url>’m not raising funds in the range of millions of dollars it is feasible to refund on an individual basis. So far I’ve personally invested eight thousand dollars. More info on below. 2: I have nearly 10 years of in-house experience working for Crytek, Ubisoft, Gameloft, and Square Enix. I've also worked on ad campaigns and have been credited on trailers including ones for Destiny and Transformers 4. I've spent many, many, many late nights working alongside animators, coders, producers and every discipline trying to ship a build on time so I’ve experienced the true effort of what it takes to make a product. It's not easy making a game and I don't expect Last Year to be made with a single person workforce...that would be crazy. 3. The pitch video was not donated from friends. So far I’ve invested approximately eight thousand dollars of my personal money to work on this, which includes hiring talented artists (even friends deserve to be paid), as well as creating art myself. I edit, design, write, texture, lighting/shading, sound design, and implementation of assets. I'm not sure where you assume anything was donated but hopefully that adds some additional clarity to how this project started. 4. I know what you are saying about keeping games full. It totally sucks when you can’t find full games. I have design plans in the works for single player, but this adds a tremendous layer of resources required including extensive AI and it would be too unrealistic to promise that at this early stage. I’d aiming smaller to be able to deliver something realistic rather than trying to bite off more than can be chewed. I appreciate your feedback. Let me know if I can help answer or clear up any other questions. Cheers! James Please someone sue these scammers, backers never received anything but the keys and the rest of the merch probably never existed, please, please someone sue these guys. Will backers receive keys for this version? I backed Gold status for the artbook and soundtrack. I sent an email request to "contact@elastic-games.com" on Feb 15, 2020 asking for my Steam key, which I had/have not received. No reply. Searching for "ELASTIC GAMES" in my email brings up only the Discord copy, which I did not claim. Steam Key please. Still haven't received my Steam Key. I have checked me email for "elastic games" and all other variations i can think of for this game. I just have not yet received. Please send me the Steam Key. It has already been several years since i pledged for this campaign I've checked again there was none. I never received an email with the steam key. Did not receive SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" SEARCH YOUR EMAIL FOR "ELASTIC GAMES" I never received my Steam Key. Please send me one. Thank you. So I completely forgot about this game since the beta test. I'm just checking back to see why I haven't received my Steam keys. Apparently other people are having the same problem. Is the game actually for sale right now and they still haven’t given out keys to the backers?! At what point does everyone start reporting this game to Kickstarter? Same, still haven't received steam key... I have had previous correspondence with Brittonni S. from support about the issue but it seems after telling me the check more thoroughly, I was ignored. Still not gotten my steam key Still no word on ELITE Status? I figured I'd try posting here as everywhere else I have tried I've been ignored it seems. I still have yet to receive my Steam key and I contacted elasticgames well over a month ago and was told my ticket was being escalated. Every e-mail since then has been ignored and still no key. Very disappointing as I back this game in good faith and STILL have yet to to be able to play it. Just a question: Those who pledged at a certain amount...are we going to get that ELITE status as promised in the game any time soon? Or any other reward? Receive a digital map and gameplay study guide of Silver Lake Camp and East Side Receive a digital download of the games haunting soundtrack Digital print-ready atmospheric artbook ELITE status beside your name in-game Just wondering. weren't we suppose to get steam keys yesterday? Where is that? Keys have been sent to the "promotions" inbox, which has no notification set on by default, I can't tell if it's a newbie mistake or they're just messing with us at this point, it's not an issue cause y'all are not reporting it on Discord, I tried to get a mail going with the instructions but no luck. Still no steam key. I am having the same problem My steam key isn't redeeming, says invalid key. Stupid question, but were the extras ever released? The Soundtrack & Art book? I can't recall ever receiving a notification on those. Discord: "If you are a Kickstarter Backer you will be contacted via email with special redemption instructions (before the launch date on Dec. 10th 2019)" Well you have about like.......2 hours and 20 minutes left! When is my steam key going to show up been waiting like 3 years now! What email do I have to go to get the steamkey? I have not received any email and the promo in discord doesn't work for me Quick question I know from today those who brought the discord version are able to get the keys for the steam version. Do we know when Kickstarter backers will be emailed theirs? Alright the million dollar question; why the fuck did you guys go on a completely silent media blackout for a year and ignore all of us who assumed you scammed us and cut and ran with our cash? Zero communication here or via a KS update? Really?! This is not how you 'game dev 101', and even a bare bones amount of communication is key.. Hi. As per the discord annoucement. Everyone who purchased the game prior to the annoucement on the 25. will recieve a free key for steam. Is the discord version still going to be supported? My friends all bought copies on discord so I'd hate for them to have to buy the game again while I just get a steam key for free y'know? Here we are, two days from Halloween, when we expected to have this moved over to Steam. They could have made a killing in new game sales on Steam in the Halloween Sale, but sadly they didn't follow through on their promise. Reporting this will have no effect, and James knows this. There is zero accountability on this website. His goal from the very start was to try to get one of his Kickstarter projects funded, then scam people & investors out of their money. Bear in mind they received over $1 Million from the Canadian Media Fund : <url>’t share all the technical details today, we’ll issue an update in due time as we work with our partners at Discord. Several people have been asking if the Discord key comes with a Steam key. The answer is no.However, all backers will be getting a Discord key on Day 1 and a Steam key afterwards. Keep randomly getting a "try checking Discord client authentication" error when the game boots up (nevermind the fact that it takes three minutes just to start) with no other explanation. Apparently there's zero info on this game about this error or performance issues, so I'm complaining here in case someone knows what the problem is. I just played a match, exited the game, started it up again, and got this error out of the blue. waited two plus years from the original guessed released date for a game that has only one good killer and the other two are basically unplayable and can be countered way too easily and when you do die as the slasher and your forced to pick one of the other killers you already know youve lost that game and might as well rage quit. never even went to steam like they said they would terrible implemented voice workings cant even push to talk so you listen to people breathing and not in the creepy way the annoying way followed. never even got the backing badge part other than a copy of the game with no badges. terrible absolute shit 1. Way to reply to every third thread, really sure everyone loves reading your ignorant messages all over the page. 2. The Steam keys are coming later. 3. If you think installing Discord is a hassle, then I don't know how you play anything. 1. Never said Steam keys. 2. They are giving Steam keys later to everyone who got Discord keys. I am waiting a confirmation as well. I don't want to use the key and suddenly the devs would say that sorry man, you used your discord key so no steam key. Seconded. I don't mind playing through Discord at all for now, but I still want my Steam key. Does that count as "your 1 digital copy?" Not that I even got the Discord key yet. Jeu décevant, les promesses du début de campagne ne sont pas repectée, tout à changé. On se retrouve avec un jeu ou les méchants se téléporte, ou l'on a besoin de crafter mais on a pas le temps, ou l'équilibrage n'est pas bien fait. Ajouter à cela un gameplay standard et lent, une mécanique de jeu répétitive et des bugs un peu partout. Je suis très déçus. Can we get some clarification on the CD Key please. Are we allowed to wait for a Steam Key? As the artwork shows. Do we receive a Discord key now and a Steam key when the game launches on steam in a few months? Do we only receive a Discord key even though all the promo material shows Steam? Do we only receive a Steam key if we do not claim the Discord key? Please clarify, thanks. I've received and e-mail containing 6 Discord keys. I don't want 6 Discord keys. I want 6 Steam keys as was stated in the original Kickstarter. It will go to Steam 3 months later Seems to be a commo issue Only got 1 one of my keys aswell. i got no keys for any thing ? So i paid for 2 keys and only received one. Is this a common issue and if so how long before we can expect and fix? I 'm having some problems, I don't receive my key and I changed my email some weeks ago . There is anything that you guys can do ? Here is a quote from the last project update 'Last Year The Nightmare will be released on Discord on December 18th 2018. Steam will be following in early 2019.' So I hope that we don't have to wait too long for the Steam keys Thx - glad they are working on it :) Same problem here. Did they ever say Steam key ? Is the Discord Key for testing until you release on Steam or will it never come to Steam? Before I backed I asked if it will come to Steam and you said yes. Hopefully it will come to Steam, otherwise you've lost me here. I'm very confused. I got the email a few hours ago while at work and thought that this 'Discord' thing was maybe like backerkit or Itcho or humble etc. and that it was the third party you were using to distribute Steam keys. I come home a little later and am even more confused until I read some of the comments here. Soo.. yeah what the actual fuck? Steam key or refund please. What's this bait and switch bullshit.. Yeah congrats on releasing your game on yet another shitty platform and not the massively used one that is Steam. This is also despite them having Steam logos plastered on the box art all over the campaign page. Oh, and on top of that, you even show STEAM in your artwork on the campaign pages. What a fucked up joke. Exactly this. I'm not downloading another fucking platform just to play one game. Fuck this bullshit. A Discord code? Is this a sick joke? Discord didn't even exist publicly until months after this game was funded and everyone was expecting a Steam key (you know, Steam, the platform that EVERYONE USES). Now, four years later you go and give us a key for Discord, another fucking platform I need to download just to play a game. Guess I won't be playing this game because the devs were too stupid to release on Steam. I sent them an email. Here is what I got "We’re aware of an issue of the wrong number of keys going out and working to resolve it asap! Thank you for your Patience 😊" Can't open link? So I did receive a copy of the game. But I backed so I would get two I only got one? Or I will receive later? :) <url>"invalid code entered" or somewhere along those lines? This still coming out today? I feel indifferent. TBH i think it is OK, that they are trying to spread awareness of the game by having well known Youtubers play it. One could complain about everything, but the fact is as a backer you are getting your reward. Even if it is delayed it is alot more than most projects on KS yield. What you also have to understand is that as a company the makers of Last Year have to fulfill certain goals and putting the backers first is definitly not their top priority. They are more than thankful for the support the backers have provided but don't think that the 20$ or however much you gave them entitles you to anything more than they promised you. You will have to live with the fact that these things happen and are to be expected when crowdfunding a project with such potential. @MatthewPhoenixChurchill if a backer cannot travel to an event like a convention it is not the companies fault. Security is probably the most obvious reason you don't get any type of preversion, because the special environment they have to put together for such a convention goes beyond your imagination. They have to test the rigs over and over to make sure the program runs and more. I beg you to please think about what you are complaining about before writing, because if you put a bit of thought into it, you would see why your issue cannot be solved in your fashion. If you don't know how such projects or application developement works for that matter, i don't blame you for your point of view, but it is flawed. I don't know if you've already sent my beta key out or not. But if you did, can you resend it? I think it may have gotten lost in my spam folder cause I don't see it anywhere in my inbox. and now i've just seen that "ohmwrecker" is playing it really irritates me. this kind of things rattles my cage also. its been like it since the start of the campaign, with strangers at conventions playing levels and the backers who can't travel, who funded it haven't touched it. Well said Hey there, I generally try to be nice and not complain when it comes to game design since it is a long, arduous process and trying to gain funding and public interest is a pain. However I can't help but get a sour taste in my mouth when I check my youtube feed and see popular streamers and youtubers releasing content out for the game with access given to them by the developers, when your backers haven't gotten their own beta keys. I know that popularity for the game needs to come from somewhere, but that's a little messed up, especially if some of your backers wanted to stream or showcase the game themselves. I find it highly interessting how many people don't understand how much time and effort goes into making anything more than a sandwich in a sandwich maker. For the size of the group behind this game i think the progress they made admirable. It was kind of unfortunate the backers haven't recieved regular updates but tbh. if the result is good, i don't really need extra emails that will just be deleted after a short read. For anyone trying to sue the company... good luck with that. You obviously haven't understood the concept of crowdfunding and if a project you back does go down the drain, your money is gone with it. To Mark who surely knows everything. Did you know if you have a large project that is paid/supported by an institution or company, you don't get the whole amount upfront? Before you go on whining about being "ripped off", you should evaluate wether or not you should be spending your lunch money on something you have no guarantee of recieving a satisfying result. Do you go to the doctor and sue him for not being able to cure your common cold? Probably not. If you can't live with "losing" the money, you shouldn't be spending it. Very good trailer iam already hyped and looks much better than Friday 13th. Those who wants money back, ffs wait a little bit. I found that out myself with the update here. I just hope it doesn't hurt the game. I'm hoping the period on discord will give us time to find any major bugs and hopefully allow time for the devs to fix them before the Steam launch. Discord is a gaming platform ? Years is not a delay. We backed something and we have not received that. We all know there are some issues that cannot be prevented, but this situation goes way beyond that. The communication has been terrible and this seems more like a con than a real work in progress. I agree that a good delayed game is better than an early one full of bugs, but tell me this: what fact makes you think this game will be released? Why do you trust their word? Everyone here is so pissed for the delay, but I prefer it to last two years more to be released and have a cool game than having some non-finished bugfull shit. I support you, guys. Very excited for the last news and images! is there anyway we could band together for a law suit? I just want my money back and be done with this. This user's account has been deleted. Elmo. Wake up. Stop making excuses for them. They're ripping us off. You're a shady dev's wet dream. I reported them to the Canada Media Fund, whatever good that'll do. They're taking money with nothing to show for it apart from a demo level shown off at Pax, some no-effort screenshots, as well as employing a head of brands and communication who's utterly worthless. I'm not sure if this is a running total, or 3 separate payments, but they're milking the CMF every year, just sitting on their asses raking the money in. One of James' scams was going to work sooner or later (Outrise and Police Warfare failed, but third time's a charm):- <url>’t exactly finished at release. I don’t think anyone’s gotten a beta invite yet either, because the game isn’t in beta yet. Development can slow down for months without being any further from success, but I do wish they’d talk about it more. It's one things to post screenshots or provide trailers of the project and it's progress, but it's another to provide basic communication with the 4k people who decided to donate 100k to help get the project rolling is another thing. I even sent a message on my pledge back in Feburary ($25 CAD) asking about beta invite participation last year and not getting an invite to be ignored since then? (I still haven't even gotten a "Sorry..." PR response yet.) At-least Mighty Number 9 I got what I was promised and got timely updates, even if it wasn't what I expected. FYI the "Creator" of this project hasn't even bothered to respond to anyone since April of 2017 looking at their comment history, so has this been abandoned? I mean sure I'm out $25 CAD, but why string us on for this long when you initially promised us a 2016 Release Window. A 2 year extended "grace period" is too much, but unless some form of compensation for the long delay is considered I don't see this catching on now, especially with other games that are similar, but released. (E.G., Dead By Daylight and Friday the 13th) I think we should also put in perspective how far they’ve come. I remember back when people were first skeptical of the founder’s experience in AAA game development, but as I’m browsing all the media from past updates, I can see that he put together a very talented team. Maybe I’m an optimist, but I wouldn’t panic yet. Game development is hard. Honestly, in any other case I’d worry; but the images & videos we’ve seen before (including PAX) are just too promising for me to give up any hope for this game yet. I only worry about having time for the beta. In my book, a beta should begin as soon as it’s playable & visible content finished - especially when it’s only a closed beta. They’re likely just being mindful of first impressions online, which is why I think developers should display a prominent beta disclaimer over gameplay. *-Jay Acevedo- my bad, but the point is the same regardless "You’ve placed faith on our project and we are forever grateful of your continuous support. At the foundation of our core fanbase, we are dedicated to nurture our relationship, grow it and solidify it as new players eventually join the community." -James Matthew-. Sorry but since the beginning you clearly don't give two shits about us... one really vague update every *insert random bumber here* months... this is just one really big sad joke... I'm not even sure I wan't the game anymore. so this project is dead now? lesson learned. never support a gaming company again since they dont have a plan how to get things done. so sad. I've had to delay my conscription twice for other reasons, but I take comfort in the idea that this'll allow me to take part in beta... I'm leaving next year - I hope I get to play Last Year. Reported the game also, no communication. It killed the game. Went ahead and reported it myself. The lack of communication is unacceptable. The lack of communication and updates from the creator has me anything but hopeful. I'm done waiting for a game that is now never going to release. With plenty of other games making their way. Their website shows no advances either. I've now reported to Kickstarter. Reported aswell. Simply ridiculous I doubt much will come of it, but I reported the project to Kickstarter. I recommend others do the same if they have as little faith in the developers as I do, and maybe something might get done about their lack of results. It's beyond a joke now. When are we going to get some updates? This is crazy past schedule. 3 1/2 Years and this doesn't seem to be going anywhere for the backers. Everyone is getting access to the game before we are it seems. Little to no updates other than, hey great news! We're travelling to show the game off! Great! Can WE see the game and test it too!? That would be nice. There are so few updates I actually forget this game exists from time to time till I get an email that reminds me and the hope its the beta testing email and launch date announcement, sadly never is. Also, I'm sorry but for what ever reason the name change, please put it back to just, Last Year. Adding, The nightmare is just really corny, and not in a good 80's horror movie way. I'm only confident in this because a Youtuber I've followed for nearly a decade and trust vouched for this game. Hoping it's soon! I'm sure there'll be another update soon. 90% of it will be stuff that nobody cares about, and the rest will be 'We'll reveal more in the coming weeks' that won't be revealed in the coming weeks. We're over 6 months past the original beta date. 'We're working hard to ensure the beta experience is fun for everyone, so we don't want to rush it... even though it was good enough to show off at Pax'. Sooooo....we're still waiting. Any update on when the Beta will be? Told you - we have an update. Still looking forward to the release. If paid dlc is planned in the future i would hope after all this time maybe the backers are thought about in this respect. Good luck in the release and hope the beta info comes out soon. Hey guys, what's up? Are there any news or something? It seems this project is going toward bigger footsteps ... #dukenukem4ever Three years and some months and a few other games later and I am regretting this backing. They've been quiet longer in the past. Just relax, their work so far looks flawless. I backed this project at the highest tier and have been genuinely excited for its release, but I'm really struggling to find a reason to not report this project to Kickstarter now. How do I request a refund? There are no consistent updates. The only time we seem to hear something is when you are pushing the schedule back. Two months without news. This is too long. How can I get a refund? Any Updates on the Beta or game in general? should we be filing for a refund ? I understand delays, but this is now this is 15 months past due with no estimation on the horizon. wtf? Any news at all would be great. Any news ? Hope it's all going well. Shame for ppl like me living to far away ( uk ) Any updates on the open house? Did I just miss the link or the news? What about the beta? How can we play the beta? I too would like to see more frequent updates. Even if it is a short "We are still alive and working on it" Maybe a Dev Blog would help or a progress board of some kind. Of course game development takes time and from the first day of backing I already knew you would probably not make it in time (it was way too ambitious). But at least try to throw us some bread crumbs here and there :) Once every 2 or 3 weeks should be fine. All this silence is just making people nervous and can be prevented easily (at least in my mind). Anyway - I wish you all the luck in the world. Keep it up guys :) this is happening or what?! .-. Damn seems like this is never going to actually happen. What a shame. Are we every actually going to see a finished product? Even at least an alpha or beta game that us backers can enjoy? Something to prove that our backing hasn't just disappeared with the devs? Yip I've no longer got a PC to even play this game any more lol You guys need to take a hint from Brightrock Games and be more active with your updates. As much as its been waiting for what feels like an eternity waiting for some solid information. Already as it stands updates are far few to begin with and not nearly enough to keep people (and myself in particular) satiated. The original estimated delivery time it says was November of 2015? It's been nearly 2 years since then and we've had 11 measly updates with very little content to wet my appetite for the game. I understand that MAYBE you were a bit overly ambitious with your original release margin but you really should be making up for the constant delays and pushbacks by being more active with your client and fanbase by way of regular updates instead of the pathetic excuse you currently have for "updates". Excited for the beta! Can't wait to get my hands on it. Still looking forward to this game. Even though Friday the 13th and Dead by Daylight came out, there's always more room for games in this genre. Can't wait to see more and look forward to the release. Looks a lot different than the previously named games so it should be enough to differentiate itself. From what I've seen of in-game footage this game is coming along nicely. I don't care if the game has taken time to come out, but I just want a good product at launch. I think the problem with the gaming industry is that far too many people are expecting the developers to pump games out a lot quicker than what is doable. This has lead to unpolished games that end up disappointing everyone. From what I see, this game is going to deliver everything it promised, which is all we can ask for. Just do right by your fans, that's all I ask. Not interested in this project anymore. Any way to get a refund ? Just curious, is this going to happen? Haven't heard an update recently and I am super excited to play this. there's a discord that's active with updates and posts and talks with developers than you'll be able to check out <url>"out of date" or people will flood the gaming world with replicas, make a fun and engaging game and you will make money. If you give us something to test to early and we will give feedback, and most of it will be worthless. Getting to see the art direction, new investors, and other updates are a great habit for game developers, it shows momentum. By the time beta comes out we may hate it, it doesn't matter how much time you take or how much you rush. That's always a risk. The longer you post about more financing, the more I feel you are actually managing a business that can actually produce a game. Due us a solid and make smart investments. I won't try to revoke my money, even if I could. As an avid gamer of many genre, i must give you some sound advice. Stop with investments, staff, and what ever nonsense your are planning. Get it done, put it together and put it out. Make sure single and multiplayer work and get the beta out there. The further you delay, the more you think the game needs, the more doubt we will have. Stop spending our money and give us backers what we expact. Dont compare other games like friday the thirteeth and that other sacrafice game. Believe in your game, give us a taste, and put something out there. You wait too long the graphics will be out of date or people will flood the gaming world with replicas and you will lose money. Give us something to test and we will give feedback. This art crap, this new backers, and these updates getting further anf further apart are a bad habit for game developers. By the time beta comes out we may hate it and then it will be out and it wont be received well. The longer you post this crap about more $$$, the more i feel you will run out of $$$ and we will get left with nothing. Due us a solid and start a return on our investment or i will find a way to revoke my money. ok, i've just watched some footage of Friday the 13'th game, and so far its features/gameplay are eerily similar to this game, (killer is able to teleport around the map, can sense the victims near by, can use the environment to kill people, also has different skins/killers). the only real difference i have seen so far is that the councilors don't seem to have separate roles to play. and it all seems to be in third person. Two years later and still no game, but yet there have been two others that are similar released. This game had better be knocked out of the park. Are you going for a 2018 release? Since the release date is so late now, will all the backers get the beta access? And also, I think you should make perma death a thing, as I think it's not very much of a horror if you know that you can easily kill the monster. Anyway, carry on with the work, and take your time! Cheers Honestly I'm neither surprised nor dissapointed about the delay. Take the time you need to polish it, better than releasing a buggy beta anyday. That said the gameplay teaser looks freaking amazing. Can't wait to play it next year :D Hey guys, since we are all waiting on new news for Last Year I thought we could share our informations and thoughts on Discord :) I've created a Discord channel and hopefully we will get a good mix between Backers and non-Backers to help each other while we are waiting for the game. <url>| Jan updates...we need some here Is this now aiming for a 2017 release? Are you going for a 2017 release? Any updates? Is the game still going to launch this fall? any news on BETA? Great update again guys, hope this is the start of a steady stream of such towards the end goal. Really nice update guys, looks like this is becoming a great game! Interesting update. Like the duality allowed to both survivors and killers with barricades and weapons to trap doors to traps. Only nag I feel is the way the barricades progress totally pulls me out of realism of what you've been putting into the game. For me first step would be wooden pegs to block access Second the boards Third brace/ strut to the door. But you guys know what your doing Nice update if anyone gets an update then please post the response here as anything right now would be appreciated..... Yeah any form of update would be nice, hopefully we will see a progress report soon! update please? we're up on 4 months. Hope everything is going alright! Would love to hear from y'all, sucks to be in the dark, much like our protagonists in this game :) Any updates coming? Isn't this supposed to come out in November? Any talks of a beta yet? Any updates at all? If anyone wants to get more updates, you can always sign up to get the newletter on this page: <url>#21 in April. Has anyone received an e-mail this year? The last update I got was #20 and that was in December. Time for an update? Was thinking about this project the other day , hence my question. same V I hate how i see this amazing game and then out of nowhere a few come out of no where as if they saw the want in thi sgame, james you do you man. THIS is the game i want, not dead by day light bump as you can see by this link here <url>"welp gg no update in a week dead project feels bad man" Might be an abandoned project. With Dead By Daylight coming out of nowhere with a gameplay videos and a working beta. Shame, cause I backed this project hoping for great things. Anyone else miffed at how Friday the 13th's owners ripped Last Year off? This game was kickstarted, then when it was successful James was sent a letter claiming copyright infringement (or something similar) and within a few weeks or months Friday the 13th the game was announced but only with concept art. It's like they saw how well the kickstarter did and then decided to try to steam roll it with massive PR so it looked like Ft13th was created first but since it wasn't they could only release a drawing since there was nothing even coded yet. Seems like a dirty play to me. looks really cool :D Excited to hear the latest news! Some type of update would be nice it has been a long time since the last one. Wearing said a video update is coming with gameplay shown, so just sit tight guys. Still really excited for the game, but I'm pretty curious to know what the project's status is. Is everything still on track? Come on guys, give us an update. It's been months. Last update was January 4th. It'd be nice to get some backer updates. still waiting on this, seeing all the other cheap knock offs of this makes me hope u guys make it so ur the first and best one I know you get a lot of these types of messages but can you guys give us an eta of the game if not its what ever im seeing great things that you are doing and the hard work that's going into to it. Any updates? ETA on the game is 8 months. James, great to hear all the backing and progress on the game. I know that the well thought out gameplay and design will make this game one that people will be inquiring about. Best of luck and can't wait to play! @Bigchill I came here to post the exact same thing. Though to be fair, its not a new concept. Damned came first, then that weird HL2 engine game that i cant think of the name. If we really want to stretch it you could even say evolve is a similar archetype. More games seem to be taking this concept . . <url>"last year" f13 ran with your ideas because I mean if you seen the is long ongoing series they obviously couldn't come up with any "good ideas" for something new and innovative for movies... It's the same repetitive crap... So let's show them how creative and awesome material is made!!! Hey guys could you check this out and upvote, I'm trying to get the word out about the F13 game as well as explain what happened involving this one and all that, if you can upvote/leave a like it would be really cool, thanks guys. Stay Awesome! <url>"strangler I checked the killers and it only said 3 playable killers? Yet on the campaign page we were promised 5. What happened James? Also when making a password for your website, that shouldn't be in plaintext, that's an easy way for someone to hack the account I made on the website. I have full faith in this project! No regrets! I'm sad that the "Summer Camp" guys were granted the license rather than the Friday the 13th enterprise helping James' team and jumping on the bandwagon a while back...it's a shame they decided to compete, but James mentioned this would happen. Either way, we've got two different games, and I think it will come down to the mechanics and gameplay being a factor as opposed to a "branding" competition. I encourage James to continue to point back to this successful Kickstarter when he finally does release -- That will dismiss the claims of Last Year being the copy cat. This is the original. Also, to everyone else, it will be easier to make a multiplayer match in a 1vs4 or 1vs5, as opposed to the F13's required 1vs7. Think about it! Yeah, my thoughts exactly. This seems like it's going to be a case of the 'little guy' getting completely overshadowed and ignored in the video game scene compared to the big hitter with brand recognition and more funding behind it, unless this one releases first. (If Friday 13th comes out first and then this one follows, you just know it will be torn apart by critics and uninformed people on the sidelines calling it a shameless rip-off and an imitation..) I've backed both also for the record. Eh, interesting times ahead I guess.. How does Last Year plan on competing against Friday the 13th: the game? Looks like they will have more capital backing them, and iconic brand recognition. It also appears it will be an extremely similar game. I have backed both games by the way, I was just wondering if this is going to hurt the development of Last Year at all. Dablue: I can't help but feel the lawsuit was an attempt by a bigger company to use legal fees to destroy an indie so they wouldn't have to worry about competition really Also, found this. Good Job James: <url>#section4 Though I can understand why it may take some time for a game, such as this, to be completed. The lack of updates and the long silence is becoming unprofessional and at this point unacceptable. I respect all creators and what they go through to bring there creations to life to share with the backers I feel that Last Year has ether come to a dead end, failed, or fraud has been committed by the creator. If I am wrong I will politely apologize to the creator but at this point there is no excuse for the lack of updates and information about the recent progression of the project. Yep, guys and gals looks like we have been swash buckled by these filthy Canadian Scum once again. Anyone know the best way to try and get your money back from this? Hello guys. Read this article made by a backer about this project. <url>"hello" would probably settle some peoples nerves. You guys did have a big "copyright fight", and not saying anything for months really makes it seem like you might be in the process of losing to a new copyright claim. Is this actually gonna happen? I really would love to see this game work out, but because there's been no update in a while I'm a little skeptical that's it's actually happening. :/ It's been three months since we have had an actual content/ work in progress update. Nearly two months now and still no update. I understand that you guys are busy working on the game but if you could at least post a short video showing the team and things are progressing it would be wonderful. What is happening with this? Any update would help.. An update would be nice. Almost 2 months since we've heard anything. James, please - an updated! Can we have an update soon? Any new updates? Update? How did the cmf thing go? When does the beta testing start? How are things going i have received an update in a while i hope your getting more donations for the game and that everything is going as scheduled. hey man drop us an update or answer here we are becoming impatient here :P Hope things are going well for the project. and how's it going? Since you guys can't use the hockey mask no more. Gotta come up with your own kind of mask. Having the slashers wearing a mask is important. Any chance of an updated? Man please don't change this to a 90s based thing, I'm a 90s kid too but everyone knows 80s horror is a million times better than 90s crap. I wanted friday the 13th not scream. When will we see any screenshots? When are you going to answer Cliqist's questions from December 16th? Hey, look, James dropped an update :D Nothing for anyone i guess, couldn't even find an email on his kickstarter page. anyone had any update/news on the games progress. i see a few people asking but had no replies. just curious as communication appears to have died. Anymore updates? Somebody should give us some news about LY. Or not... Hi. I do believe that an update of what is going on is in order. Since we haven't gotten much news about the game since the game was put back on it's track. Maybe just a quick update on what has been going on? Thanks in advance. Hey there, I agree with Chris, time for an update. What about about a monthly update a the beginning of the month ? Would be a cool rdv date for us backers with the project. Hello, James. Just fishing for an update :) how are things going on your end? Well now you know why you were send a seace and desist. Jason is popping up all over the place all of a sudden. Mortal Kombat.. some other game I cant remember the name from. @James Matthew Wearing Any chance of us backers seeing some alpha footage before we get our beta access? I apologise if you got this comment before but,I was watching AngryJoe's review of Evolve and I have to ask how this will last. It will have a linux version? Are you still able to do the lake level? YES! I literally jumped out of my chair with excitement to see the copyright claim has been dropped! So happy to see it worked out in your favor James, keep up the great work as always... :D I'm glad you guys got this up again. Keep up the good work! I've been waiting for something like this since I even discovered multiplayer games. Can't wait to see what you guys put out!. So, I know your timeline got messed up, are we still doing a dedicated website for the game. ALRIGHT! sending my utmost respect and support, from Panama GOOD LUCK! Great to see this is back up and running! Can not wait for the Beta! Got an idea for renaming "The Suburbs". Why not Seymour Blood Avenue? I'm so glad that the IP dispute is finally over. However, in order to avoid further ones, for the love of God, PLEASE don't name the street after a tree. The last thing anybody need is the people with the rights to Nightmare on Elm Street shoving sticking their noses in this project. St. Krueger's Street Deadman's Crossing ? Glad to hear this is back up! As for the suburbs, what do you think of the name, Dreamview Lane? Haha so glad this is back ! I really like the suburbs idea, I would suggest naming it Fear Street since I grew up reading R.L Stine but I don't think that'd be a good idea because that's just another potential problem. Yay!!!! I'm ready to play :) welcome back So excited!! Saying that it's like a Friday The 13th game is like saying all space games are like Star Wars. So glad its back to normal. I have wanted a game like this for a long long time Congrats ! So much relieved right now ! Heh, goes to show that the law can't handle this Kickstarter. IT... IS... ALIVE!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHA Haha! Back people!!! *DEAL WITH IT!* (•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) Nice the Project is back :) Justice Triumphs! YES! Thank you! Yay went super fast! It's back! I'm SO HAPPY IT'S BACK! LETS DO THIS THING!!!!!!! Hurdle jumped. Let's do it. Glad to see this come back! This game deserve much attention. Thank God you guys are back on track. I hope nothing else goes bad for you guys. I'm happy to see this return to us. Best wishes, and here's to looking forward to great things. Well thank goodness this was overcome :) CANT WAIT!!! IT'S ALIIIIIIIVE! So excited you guys are back! Now get to work and make this game! Yesss welcome back Welcome back! Finally. The dispute was ridiculous. Taking inspiration from other works of pop culture is hardly a new (or dastardly) thing to do >_> Welcome Back Pleased to see this return Here's hoping for a smooth ride here on out! Glad to see everything is back on! So glad to see we are back on track. Superb, we're back on track. Nice!, can't wait :) Gj peeps Great to see you pulled through with the matter :D So happy to see this back online! Can't wait for Fall 2016 :D and the pheonix rises Welcome back! Such a trooper Nice, great to see you back =) You're back! Good job getting the game back up! Way to go!!! 83 Welcome back !! Good thing you win :) Welcome back man, so glad the dispute is solved! Congrats on keeping your project going! I was very scared to see such an interesting premise getting taken away by someone who really wanted to make a great game by people who only wanted to cash in on something they had no prior interest in. Great to see you back. :) :D Pledge manager so I can change my pledge level!!! Welcome back. Hmm I wonder what compromises if any needed to be made, I guess an update will be forthcoming soon. Welcome back! Will there be a pledge manager where we might change our pledge level? After what happended I have the sudden urge to contribute more to the game. Awesome, hope it will go well from now on :) NICE! Congrats on not letting the man keep you down! Good deal, nice to see this project back. From what I can see not much has changed about the game in terms of camp silver lake and the killer that had the hockey mask which is awesome! nice to see this project back on track :) Oh thank god. Welcome back!! looking forward to the beta test! \o Welcome back everybody woohoo Right on. Welcome back All the likes! It's BACK! WOO HOO! Are there gonna be different survivors to play as or just those 5? Hi James, Update #9 was an extremely interesting one for many reasons, and I assume there is a spoken portion of your presentation that accompanies those slides that we aren't seeing. With that said after reading through the slides in detail, as someone who has had some experience with venture capitalists I do have some suggestions for you regards your presentation. Consider the following points; - The title of a game is the first interaction 'Consumer X' is going to have, so on it's own must create intrigue; at least enough for 'Consumer X' to bother to find out more about the game. The title of this particular game is 'Last Year'. Why? That is to say, tell the story of why the name is the best fit for the game. Whilst equally as important; tell the story of why 'Consumer X' is going to be compelled to find out more given only the name. Spell out how you envisage the title aiding the long term marketing of this game. This is best achieved by demonstrating the hook to the investor in the first few slides, get them hooked through the title alone so they want to hear the rest of the presentation. Get them excited about your presentation right from the moment you walk into the room. - When you came to us, asking us to back this project you did so with a magnetic passion and energy that got people excited. You made the game a part of you, and you gave it to us through your description of what this game could be. It's that passion and energy that got you funded, not blind marketing luck, and yet it's precisely that passion and energy that is missing in these slides. Bring it back, but in so doing step it up. Remember, you're asking someone to bet not just on the economics and return potential of the idea but directly on you. If you're not excited and passionate about the presentation of your game, why should they be? - You've included a lot of detail central to the plot of 'Last Year' and seemingly banked a great deal of it's success on being a genre first. With this level of detail out on the open internet, and being presented directly to distributors what stops them taking those ideas and incorporating them into an IP that is already in production? Don't bank on being first, bank on the idea being a mind blowing one whether it's 1st or 21st to the party. Design your presentation with that in mind. - Do you really see a 6 year old zombie series (8 years by the consumer release of 'Last Year') whereby the developer has publicly stated the IP will not continue beyond what exists currently, as a competitor to 'Last Year'? The continuing fanbase for L4D1&2 isn't going to pose a commercial threat to Last Year, although it is a community, perhaps looking for something new to play that could be exploited. The reality is your competitors are current and upcoming titles like Destiny(Space Cowboy), Evolve (Cthulhu), Depth (Jaws), the 2 new Tom Clancy titles The Division (Apocalypse) and Rainbow Six: Siege (Swat), Clandestine (007), Dying light (Zombies), Nosgoth (Magic Knights, also FREE) and Black Hat Oculus (VR hacking game). Indeed the asymmetric co-op space is becoming quite a crowded one, and that is just Q1 2015, imagine what E3 2015 will reveal. My point is, you have extremely serious competitors in this space that do not include 6 year old valve zombie games, with that in mind it's important to cover the competition in a fair way that includes all current available information about upcoming titles and more importantly why 'Consumer X' is reaching for Last Year over one of the other titles. - Slide 9 is perhaps the most disturbing, as an investor myself the first question I ask myself in a presentation is; how likely am I to see a return. It's for that reason I covered slide 10 before slide 9, because in a space where ALL of your competitors are available on multiple market places and at least one console, it's going to be difficult for you to grab a substantial part of that market if you're going to limit sales to steam alone. Sure, if a larger distributor like EA or Ubisoft pick you up they'll include you in their market place as well, but you need to plan beyond that. How are you going to achieve that critical exposure for gamers, in such a way as to make it impossible for them to not want to try it out? And how are you going to limit the barrier to purchase as to make it easy for anyone, not just steam gamers, to purchase the game? - Still on slide 9, how did you arrive at the commercial price, is it a random number based on other steam games or did some real math and marketing know how go into arriving at that number? How will this price effect sales? How many units need to be sold before ROI kicks in? Make those points on the slide, not just in your presentation and make those points pop. - Lastly, we come to those kickstarter backers pages. As nice as it is for the ego to see my name in lights, I'm struggling to see the point of them being there. Instead, they should be replaced with key information that is missing from the slides. Namely, marketing vision. How do foresee marketing this game to go? Who are the influencers you already have on your side to help you build hype, and who are the influencers you plan to target along the way? How do you control negative feedback on social media? How do you sustain hype for a game that realistically backers will probably forget about in the two years between now and projected beta launch? Where does the buzz come from, and when do you envisage starting to create it? And ultimately, what is hitting me in the face about the slides that is just missing up and down is how, as an investor hearing your presentation I would achieve a reasonable ROI. That is to say, where are the sales projections based on real world numbers and incorporating your unit pricing? Overall, presentation is a great start but it needs some work. I think this game will provide a superior gameplay experience than the recently announced Friday the 13th. This game gives more than just one killer and leaves it open to many other levels that represents slashers from many other movies. I'll save my money and wait for this game anytime. I funded it afterall :) Stroke, I'm having difficulty believing that as well. I can't believe this... <url>"No longer available." @James Matthew Wearing I understand. It's good to see you here again. Wait to share more with us. "I think we could take things a step further with idea gathering. I'm working on implementing an IdeaScale style page on the Last Year website (which I'm also making much more interesting) where anyone can submit and idea and others can upvote/downvote/comment on them. Ideas can be anything..they don't have to be complex or elaborate in nature, and they'll appear via a most recent + most upvoted section. It's a place to debate and incubate ideas and see which ones trickle to the top with the most support. " I think we do it on reddit since last month. James I think you shouldn't wasting your time to make this. But we would be pleased if you gave us some information about Last year. What's your plan or what will happen in this year? Maybe a roadmap? And Happy New Year Everybody! @ Nicholas Johnson Thank you so much for the information! Guys, I think we've been had! Check out this video from the classic 1989 film 'Batman'. Is James Wearing the Joker and are we Commissioner Gordon? <url>"The Last Year" Reddit page which can be found here: <url>"Disable People" mechanic that another commented requested, sounds like a good way to bait a trap. My wife and I are so excited for this game! First time backer too! I had a couple of ideas: could one of the killer skins possibly be Chucky-esque? And maybe down the road could each killer type have their own special ability? My wife and I were wondering if there would be some type of integrated controller support like Xbox 360 or PS3? @James I'd love to see a mechanic where the killer can put body parts in certain places. Maybe while in predator mode, you can put a victims head in the getaway car, or a room where you think the rest of the survivors might go to next. If they're at the bottom of some stairs and you're at the top, you can bounce it down and frighten the bejesus out of them. Maybe stick a corpse to the back of a door with a machete. That sort of thing. @Damien I won't propose that I can speak for the creator but if I'm not mistaken in order to develop for the PS4 he would need like. . .a thing. . .to do so, sort of like a license. . .and those are supposed to be expensive. I'm not sure though, I could be horribly wrong, let me google it. . . . Oh, well then. . . to even apply you need to "Form a Corporate entity" and obtain a "Tax ID number" I have NO idea what that means but it sounds like you need to be an established company in the eyes of the IRS. . .or the. . .Canadian IRS. . . This stuff is complicated. I also have a suggestion that plays into additional cliches of horror and gameplay. As you start out and find at least 1 your friends, you have the a risk/reward option to create buffs. It can be like a hyper awareness for finding the rest of your friends for fooling around (explained as not wanting them to walk in on the act). As per traditional horror movies, only works with opposite gender characters. Smoking pot can dull pain and provide a defense buff. This can be any combination of characters. Now the risk part. These take time. After starting the act, it can only either be waited out or disrupted by the killer. On top of that, once the act begins, the killer gets a sonar sense of the teens "breaking the rules". I imagine like a Last of Us, seeing them through walls thing. It only lasts as long as the act is being committed, but it might be all the time the killer needs. It explains how the killer always seems to know and attack them first. Finally, it can only be consentual between the two characters. As far as I know, traditional horror (outside of revenge horror) doesnt show **** or forced drug abuse. It's just teens having fun. One might think they need the boost, while the other may feel it too risky. Just an extra gameplay mechanic, I think would really live up to classic horror standards and add to the game. I'm not a big PC guy and most of my friends aren't either. If it is successful (cant imagine how it wont be), can we expect PS4 support? Also, fingers crossed for some singleplayer action. I can imagine an Alien Isolation-esq style of singleplayer. I must say, your project is the best exemple of "How did anyone never tought of that before". I really hope you'll go all in with the '80 thematic (music, dialogue maybe). Can't wait to see the beta version! @Nicholas Whitaker Perhaps ask a friend or a family member to do the pledge for you and then give them the pre-paid Visa in exchange? If you have that option it would be a good one to use. Congrats on getting funded, glad to be apart and can't wait to play this game. Hell yea. Cannot wait for this. I wasn't aware about this game until Matt from super best friends talked about talked it on his channel and then I almost passed out from joy. I just could believe something like this was coming was coming out. I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time since I'm a huge horror movie fan. I backed thanks to a heads up from Matt on Super Best Friends YouTube channel! @Chris the site does give me an option to fix payment but, that is the thing i have nothing else to use because i only buy visa gift cards i don't actually own a visa or anything like that and the card should be active i have not used it for anything else :( i need to figure out how i can get something that will work but thank you for at least commenting back I want a t-shirt!! I'm willing to give more money if you make an awesome t-shirt print for this game. Hard work pays! can't wait to receive my copy. contact me about extra characters needed. congratz! cant wait to get updates! Gonna be sweet, first time backer but got alot of faith this will be a truly awesome game, not gonna be a game that everyone will enjoy, but as a horror fanatic the premise seemed awesome, glad to be a backer and happier finding was achieved , I am hoping with future planing that maybe there can be some sort of character progression from game to game. whuhuuu What put me off at first was the 2 year wait but the game looked so good I could help to back it congrats. Congratulations!!!! Same as you, wasn't excepting the Kickstarter to be succes. I gave all the support i could as an early backer and talked about it around me but wasn't enough. I'm glad you made it James =) See you soon on your website/forum. Congratulations! I cant wait to play this fantastic game! ;-) Congratulations! Really looking forward for a game like this, I really hope the devolopment of the game goes well. @Nicholas The site should be giving you an option to fix your payment method if the selected one failed. Make sure you've activated the pre-paid card online per the instructions given to you with the card if need be, then update your payment information. This will, of course, only work if you backed the game before the time limit ended. Congratulations James Matthew Wearing! I am glad to see that the game was successfully funded and excited to know that this game will be made! I can't wait to play this game with my friends! Once again, Congratulations! Congratulations!!!! @James Matthew Wearing. I put $100.00 USD on a visa gift card to pay for the 115 CAN backers pledge and now that it is successfully funded it tells me that my card was declined and i cannot use it :( is there anyway to work around this? i have not used the visa card for anything and i really wanted this pledge please help me James!! @James Matthew Wearing. What would be cool is if the killer could injure but not kill a survivor. That way the other survivors would have to choose to risk saving them, possibly walking into an ambush to pick them back up, which could take a little time. If not picked up within a certain amount of time they just die. @James Matthew Wearing: Ohh I almost forget...James, Doy ou have any plan for controller support? I know it's coming to PC but sometimes it's so fun playing games with controller on Steam in Big Picture Mode. This is going to be the greatest game ever done. It will feel like playing The Ship all over again for the first time. Can't wait! I like the hospital Idea, hospitals are classic horror settings. Hi James, for some reason my comment from earlier today vanished. Great Kickstarter so far and grats on doubling your goal! I was going to offer 3 ideas for you to mull over at some point in the future. 1) The first 3 maps look great, I'd love to see an abandoned town/farm and a bunker hospital for additional maps. 2) I know that you had a section for adding survivor character designs, but I'd like to add a new Killer design. I know that it's stereotypical, but I'd love to see the classic heathenistic surgeon or a butcher's outfit on one. It would work perfectly with a hospital/morgue level. 3) I would love to be able to eventually adjust the settings to allow two killers. Simply have each one only half as strong, which would make them work together. You could even change their skins to inbred hillbillies or clowns. Again, great job! I've been looking for a similar game like this for years. Awesome, I'm glad to have been able to back this amazing game! CONGRADS!! I think I speak for everyone when I say this one of the most refreshing game ideas that I have seen in a long time. Lets do this!!! @David Bruno : hahaha yeah ! :P YES!! Can't wait to play it!! Nice :D @Mukilan you mean "Yayyy!!!!! *Throws machetes*" >:3 Congratulations on 220% Wooooo!! Party time! LAST YEAR GETS ITS FIRST YEAR! Yayyy!!!!! *Throws confetti* Woooot Wooooo Congratulations!!!! Congrats!! ayy ZERO 1 minute more!!! :D Over 220%, this is going to be amazing :D Phew! Made it just in time! :D 10 minutes left Haha I heard about this in the Valkyrie Crusade (phone game app) chattango. Proud to be a backer, can't wait for the beta. James seems like the kind of person who designs the game while considering public opinion over financial benefit, can't wait to be a part of it. I found this purely by chance while browsing KS games, and pledged 50 this morning. The idea and the concept are great! Happy to see it come to fruition! This is so awsome I went to school for game design and wrote a piece about a muti player survival horror were players build characters for lock picking or weapons to escape a killer I'm super glad someone's pulling this off :) I found it through Dane actually XD <url>"design a character" contest... see you all on the campgrounds! This game sounds amazing :) @Tony Koskinen Im sorry but you only get one beta key, and a silver status for you. Your friend will only get the final game. Quick question, if I back the 25$ reward - 2 copies + beta + silver status do I get 2 beta keys, one for me and one for a friend? Also the silver status, is that one for me and one for a friend, or is it just for me? I hope I get a response before the end! Thanks. @Matt You're absolutly right. Of course the game should be gory as the Friday the 13th Movies. But I'm afraid that will disqualify me from playing the game. Cause I'm from Germany and our laws concerning protecting the youth are so stupid. If the game will as gory as it should be it never passes through the censorship of the authorities. In Germany it is not a big problem to show nudity and sexual presentations (I'm not talking about hardcore porn) in opposites to american laws but when violence appears our authorities running wild. Sometimes their decisions concerning blood, gore and violence are not comprehensible. But there are ways to get uncut products here in Germany anyway. ;) So I don't wanna hear that the ...."german" version of "Last Year" will be cut and cencored. I'm not talking about a localized version in language but a censored violence version for the german market. "Last Year" is a reminiscence to 80s Slasher Movies but what is a Slasher movie without blood, gore and violence? So please, James Matthew Wearing, make "Last Year" as bloody and gory as you want to make it. Don't take care about some foreign laws, as I said before there are ways for germans to get the game anyhow. Maybe from Austria. Same language but not so restricted laws. :) @Jonah Lutchmedial That is like 5am for me so that ain't going to happen :P Lets make this like new years eve guys. Everyone stay up until the time runs out and then SPAM THE COMMENTS! @James Matthew Wearing i don't know if this has been thought of already but i had the idea while looking through the pictures. my thought was that when the killer makes a stealthy kill (everyone's split up and he's picking them off one by one) as long as he wasn't seen by the other players then he could ''Display'' the body like a trophy (e.g. hang it in a door way or put there head on a spike etc). by doing this act the killer can shock the survivors (upon discovering the ''body'') and make them panic and lose concentration. (maybe follow a blood trail to the location) i see this as a kind of trap to be used by the killer to lure people into certain locations to compensate for his slow movement speed. any thoughts? Love the look of this game! Have my $40, this better be good. :) Only 9 hours to go, I'm so excited... Can't wait for all the discussions we can have to help improve the game hopefully... :D I just upgraded my pledge to 50$, I am just using my hard saved money that I had for the steam sales for supporting this project! Damn the conversion rate of Indian Rupees to CAD is just too high! Anyways good luck with the project and advance Christmas wishes James! Make every penny worth it! :) (Ah, this is the first Kickstarter project that I am supporting ! ) @Jonathon Paul Weaver sorry bud only one. Just got the 25$ option. Does that include 2 beta keys? I want to say that I'm really happy to back this project. The idea for a multiplayer game is really neat. I tried to convince two friends of donate but only one was a success. So happy to be a backer for this project. Been waiting for it since I played the old mod "Horror Show Quake". Here's the moddb page: <url>"a little more convincing". His loss is my gain~ The idea behind this game is amazing and although I'm weak when it comes to horror games, especially ones in which you'll be getting chased/hunted down, this one just speaks to me. I can't wait to see what other great things are in store for this game. I just had a question. How gory will this game be? If it isn't gory enough, then it will feel as if you guys were scared to cross the violence limit, but if there is too much gore, then nothing bad will happen, as it is supposed to be a killing game. Just personal opinion, this game needs to be GORY. This game looks so sweet!! Only 14 hours to go and more than double the goal! *throws confetti* @James: Downloading the art works now!!! Thank you !!! :D And a year book? Now you’re doing awesome!! Gimme more!!!! :P And dude seriously, when the forums start, you should say more about yourself too as a creator! :) Over $100,000 AWESOME! can't wait for this to start up! Suggestion, A Stoner character, scout class. Bong hits cause paranoia overdrive, killer footsteps can be heard from a farther distance. Slower movement and smaller map/easily lost during use of power/skill. Sorry to be annoying, but is there somewhere all of the concept art is that I can view? I've seen some things floating around but can't seem to find again. Thanks @Vesskel @Matt Once the funding period is over a "Backer Survey" will go around where you pick your rewards and confirm all of your information. Once the survey's go out the creator will update the Kickstarter page to tell us when things like the Beta testing keys will be released as well as the other downloadable content like the soundtracks and stuff. Once that information is up you just sit back and wait for everything to happen, if you are a Beta tester then eventually the Beta will be released and you can play with the other Beta testers finding errors and bugs for the creator. If you aren't a beta tester then you simply wait till the game comes out. The creator has also mentioned that he's making a "Last Year" website if I'm reading correctly so during the wait you can go there for updates and new news. @Matt First time I've backed something too, I think they'll contact you through your email, once the funding period has ended, about the digital copy. (pretty sure they're planning a steam release due to the cover art though.) Really excited to hunt all my friends once it's out! I have high hopes for this game. First time I back something up. Do I get the game digitally for Steam? The concept is awesome and the graphics look great, especially the animations and lighting. Can't wait for the beta ! Oh, and congratulations for reaching 100.000$ ! Twice the goal ! Yay ! :) YEAH! Me and one of my friends that backed along with me were watching last night talking about how it would be awesome if the goal was doubled, boom! just over 100K now. @Creeper Krieger Check out the subreddit! We have a sidebar of all ways to keep in touch with updates! <url># if this doesn't allow James to make a kick ass version of the game I am not sure what will. @Janes: who is that anonymous artist you teased for the mall section and how many people will you bring on the project? @Creeper: @LastYearGame After the campaign James will make forums for discussions and polls I'am very exited for this game, I myself pledged and convinced 2 of my friends to also Pledge! All of us are looking forward to this Game! I just have one question: Any Social Media we can see updates on? for example Twitter? I was wondering if the game was being developed with mod compatibility in mind, such as plans of integrating Steam Workshop which would allow creative members of the player base contribute to the game’s longevity. Also my friend decided to chip in with my pledge which let me upgrade my pledge to a tier that gave a second copy of the final game, so that he doesn’t have to worry about any currency conversion fees, and we were wondering if this second copy was entitled to the free downloadable content post-launch if there is any. One last thing I have been aware of Kickstarter for over a year now but this has been the first project to peak my interest enough to actually pledge and I am really excited to see how development progresses. Woha! We have hit the 100k mark people !! This is going to be great ! :D It would also be interesting to play with the settings and add an advanced player mode that allows for two killers. You could simply make each killer only half as strong, but have the two working as either free reign, or work as a team to get the survivors. You could even change their skin to inbred-hillbilly types. This is all way in the future stuff since you're currently on the basics... but I'm a pretty big horror fan and this game gets the juices flowing. Great job so far! Hi James, great work so far! I've been looking for a game just like this for several years now. I know that you have a spot for adding survivor designs, however I would love to see two other Killer designs. I know that it's stereotypical, but you can never go wrong with "The Butcher" and the "Heathenistic Surgeon". As for future locations, I would love to see a Farmhouse/small abandoned town and an abandoned bunker field hospital. This is the very first kickstart I've pledged to (and taken seriously). So excited for this! Keep up the good work :) Couldn't we have a different status from "elite" for the 115$ package ? I never really took kickstarter seriously until I saw this. First pledge and I honestly feel so glad to be apart of this process. Congratulations on the funding and I look forward to seeing this amazing game come together over time! This user's account has been deleted. Seriously like the greatest idea for a game ever. There needs to MORE games about slashers. Just a quick question; the main killer, and the game in general, seems to be influenced by Friday The 13th. I was just wondering if we'll see any love for Halloween/Michael Myers? Keep up the great work. Cannnnnnnnot wait to play. As a huge fan of the Horror genre in general, and a lover of suspense, I really like the idea of this game because of the strategy involved and its mirroring of needing to plan and risk/return of a real, threatening situation. In addition, as an aspiring music composer, I couldn't help but support this game to get a copy of the soundtrack. Hi James! Just a few questions about the game. - Who will be coding it? - How far into development are you? - You had a huge boost in your funding and backer numbers as of December 2nd. To what do you attribute the boost? - Is Outrise still in development? What's the prognosis on it? - Do you have a tentative breakdown of how you'll be using funds raised through Kickstarter? Thanks! Really excited about the game. Just a suggestion, maybe you were already planning it anyway. Each time the Killer lands a "finishing blow" on a character, it should go through a death animation. Then, all other characters' camera auto-center on the death scene, as it happens. I think it'd add to the 80's-flick feel, maybe... Finally got around to backing the other day and I'm super excited for this project and to see future developments! I've been waiting for something just like this for a long time. Can't wait to play it! @Doct0rCalamari It will be running on Unreal Engine 4.5, and I believe he told an earlier asker that most computers should have no problem running it. It will be native to PC at first, and ported to Linux/Mac after it is released. If you can run games in source engine like Left 4 Dead 2, or CS:GO, then you should be fine. I'm using only 4gb of ram and most games run more than smoothly on high graphics. Unless you have a potato, you should be good :-) @Jasager That sounds like something simple, yet interesting to add! It might be better to just be an option in the settings menu, rather than a whole separate game mode like "Realism" mode in L4D. Congrats on passing your goal! It's great to see a cool game like this get funded. I am totally looking forward to playing this; it reminds me of Resident Evil: Outbreak and ObsCure. I have one question/suggestion. Do you intend to have an option to disable HUD elements (e.g. player names and health)? I'd love to be able to. Removing the HUD, assuming it's not game-breaking, really increases the level of immersion that's possible. Do we have any word on what the specs of the game might be? I know it's hard to judge at this point in the development, but is there at least a prediction. @Nicholas Johnson Check out the subreddit if you feel like you want to get more involved! Looks like its going GREAT! Love that this is getting the attention it deserves! @Methados I believe he has mentioned custom maps will be playable in the final version. He did say something about mods too. I have a question. Any plans on user created mods? Games like L4D and Killing Floor get way way longer life times thanks to mods and user content. Like user created maps, gametypes, Killers. Just thinking about the silly stuff I've playing in Killing Floor made me think of crazy things like 5 Killers VS 25 Survivors. And of course really stupid fun things like Shrek Killer in a Mario map This would be my first KS. Hoping im not dissapointed Almost twice the original goal? NOT BAD another quick thought, (to do with rewards) how about a physical copy of the game ''a collectors - Backer Copy'' to people who have pledged at or above a certain ''Tier''. just a thought, in my opinion this game looks good enough to show of in anyone's gaming collection. especiallly if it was personalised for Backers. (e.g. there Name on case/disc. @Chris Lai thats a great idea, one thing i'd add is that when you've escaped e.g. the camp in the van and then broken down at the mall, you should come across a different killer. so you've gone through hell dodging the psycho in the hockey mask at Camp Silver Lake, you've seen 3 of your friends get slaughtered and narrowly escaped in the van. as you leave the killer behind, you think your safe when after a long journey you suddenly break down and are confronted with Chuckles The Psycho Clown intent on hunting you down. and then repeats onto the next map. what does everyone think? @Stuart Check out <url>"challenge" mode where the killer chases the charecters through 2 or 3 maps. Example they escape from map one in the truck then arrive at the Highschool where the truck dies. From here they must find another vehicle and escape to the Mall where they either need to kill the killer or survive till the mall opens. This would require maximum teamwork and strategies, especially if injuries and deaths carry over to the next map (toggelable?) Just an idea, I know it's kind of out there. Let's get to 100,000$! love the idea/concept of this game been looking forward to something like this for a long time. quick question about the ''Exclusive Killer Skin'', is it going to be 1 skin that adapts to each killers visual style (e.g. same colour but different t-shirt) or will it be a separate skin for Each type of killer (e.g. will the hockey mask killer have different ''style of overalls'' to the Psycho wearing the Gas Mask? Congrats on the funding :) This user's account has been deleted. @Tyler Anthony Edwards I see what you are saying, and that is quite true, but if that is the case, then having the goth on the team would remove the option for having a character who can only do X. So if you were to, remove the Technician, then it'd be impossible to fix the lights or call the police. If you removed the medic (Who let's say, for arguments purpose, could revive killed people), then it'd be impossible to get players back from the dead. Having another character in the mix adds a bit more trouble to making the game. Maybe a later mode could include more characters, but the original production should have the base 5 only. @Mulilan Suresh You can receive access to the beta if you fund $20 or more, if I am not mistaken. The tiers are simply cosmetic as of the moment, but you also receive your name in the credits of the game, under either "Bronze/Silver/Gold/Elite Backer" depending on your status. I have a general question ... the bronze , silver ,gold and elite backer status does it have any speciality other than showing just the level of funding ? I mean does increase in your backer status has any perks ? @Vincent D Not necessarily, as she'd be able to only do SOME of the nerds abilities, things like fixing the power and calling the cops still be up to the nerd still making him a viable character to keep alive, she'd be able to assist the nerd in some tasks.... For example if you're in a hallway with a locked door on each side, the goth and the nerd could each unlock one door instead of the nerd doing two in a row... @Tyler Anthony Edwards I feel like a "jack of all trades" character would be a bit too op, even with watered-down versions on her skillset. It would make her a must-pick, and remove other characters from the list of viable options. There has to be consequences when one character dies. If you have the technician and the goth, then the technician dies, the goth would be able to do what he should have done. Not enough incentive to kill anyone else but her, as she can just do what is needed, when needed. Here's an idea for a game, designate one of the players or a non playable npc as the killers primary target, then require that the survivors must protect and escort the target through the levels blockades and traps while only being able to move with the assistance of another team member. This adds more difficulty in that it would force the team to split up to open different barriers while leaving other members of the team behind to protect the target player. The target player or npc could be injured or perhaps a younger character to explain why they can't move on there own or pass through certain obstacles that other players can. The rest of the team can move forward without the target and unlock passages for them all while someone must stay behind and watch for the killer. Wow! Can't believe my goth girl idea exploded so much :D I really liked your backstory and skills for the goth girl @Deerool. Although I feel we can add more, she could be a jack of all trades character, who has lesser versions of everyone's abilites... She can pick locks and hot wire cars already (nerd) and sense when the killer is nearby (scout) without spotting his exact position, I'd imagine her ability to sense the killer would be an increased heartbeat similar to when a shark is near in "depth" (look it up) along with some witty dialog... But we can add that she knows some back first aid and can heal other characters about 25% to 50% as much as the medic. And she can actually fight the killer but she only does half as much damage as the jock, and half as much health as him... Maybe she can lay some traps too... I'm still brainstorming I feel this skillset bet suits a goth character... As goth females alot times tend to be the "final girl" who fights the killer... @James Matthew Wearing Would you be needing voice actors for this project, or has that already been done? Thank you. I'd really like to see the exclusive killer skin before the Kickstarter ends. I'm not going to risk an extra $65 on something I might not like. Did you ever consider adding a alternative to the police officers based on Dr Loomis from the Halloween series. You could also work him into the backgrounds of the different killers as their doctors. Another consideration you should give for weapons would be to add a giant pair of scissors, nothing quite as scary back in the PS1 days as scissorman from Clock Tower. I've always been wary to back stuff on Kickstarter, but this is just a game of my dreams. Here's to my first kickstarter backing! Thanks Super Best Friends Zaibatsu! Same with Rooster Teeth. I really hope they play this. I can't wait to see YouTubers go at each-other in this. Markiplier, Jacksepticeye and Raedwulfgamer come to mind instantly. I would like to thank the SuperBestFriends (YouTube; TheSw1tcher) for bringing me here! Suggestions: Theme Park, Sewers, neighbourhood (suburban), park, office, maybe even a beach? So stoked for the game! You know, an idea for a killer? I was thinking we should have one oddball killer, meaning he's not as much a conventional serial killer as he is more of a chessmaster. What if we had a SK that had the ability to spawn in a powerful miniboss teammate or two? He'd be playing as a slightly weaker killer, but has the ability to target two different groups simultaneously, or he had an AI teammate that would walk around and cause havoc (destroy generators, lock doors, set up traps, etc) so that the SK wouldn't have to worry about having to sweat the minor stuff. Thoughts? @ James Matthew Wearing: Ohh Man! Then I think this will be one of my favourites map. The best horror places in one map as Farm with corn field and Graveyard. I'm so happy now. Hey everyone! Just a quick update on my earlier post...I have added a custom Banner, Snoo, Flairs, as well as CSS to the subreddit! Come on over and check out /r/LastYear! Post character suggestions, potential game ideas, anything that can be talked about! See you over at <url>"Brent the gun-nut" Name: Brent Trope: the kid whos into hunting and paintball, the red-neck, the odd one Vague story: was on his way to go paintballing with friends (i checked, paintballing existed in the 80's) when sudden;y he's caught up in the murder web of the killer. Strengths: starts the game with an home-made paintball gun which can be used to mark locations, blind the killer with a direct hit to the eyes, or trigger both friendly and enemy traps from a distance. Weaknesses: somewhat slow moving due to recent injuries to his leg from a hunting accident ( runs at 75% the speed of other survivors), paintball gun is somewhat inaccurate due to being homemade, paintball gun is loud and can alert the killer to his position. Personality: Inappropriate sense of humor, always making jokes or making light of a situation, has strong nerve but is still somewhat shaken at the sight of a brutality, hits on anything in a skirt. so that's just my basic idea so far but let me know what you think of it :D also if anyones curious about Theresa as i mentioned above and Derool mentioned below just say so and i can copy past the character block i'd written for her. Decided to throw in my money, I'm always a fan of these kinds of games and thanks to The Best Friends (YouTube channel thesw1tcher) I actually got to see it! Really excited, I wish you all luck in the game and can't wait ton run it out. @Lyrad That sounds like a very cool idea! @Caitlin I don't like how the idea for the Goth girl sounds, as it would get very annoying as the killer, even with the cooldown. It's pretty much a watered down version of Chad/Assault/the Jock. The drama queen buff would be quite bothersome, as you could see both of the characters, and have no indication of who is who. It is also a bit less realistic (Even considering the game concept, haha!). I have two ideas for the character design. The first one is kind of like the goth stereotype: I affectionately call her basketcase- for her I thought of 2 buffs I thought could suit the stereotype. The screamo buff: where if the killer confronts her she lets out a banshee like scream- stunning the killer just long enough to run away (a con would be a long cooldown/ it weakens her a bit). Or Introvert mode: where she's invisible for a short amount of time (con:can't move/ lasts for a short time). The second idea is "drama queen". The girl who runs the high school auditorium. For her buff I thought of "act like your life depends on it" mode. She would have the ability to disguise herself as one of the other characters (or switch appearances with them). For example- if you don't want to send the jock to leave with the nerd while leaving everyone else- have drama queen act like the jock while he goes off (and hopefully discourage the killer). This buff is temporary- and you don't get any of the perks that other characters have (for example: you can't make traps). And if there's a confrontation with the killer- you'll "break character" and go back to how you usually look. What about a Prison/Asylum map ? @GuitarWolf365 I couldn't be sure, but I'm sure if you are involved in the initial funding, then yes. @Adrian Calderon It will be PC only at first. He states that once it is stable and with a good amount of content, they can possibly port it to Mac/Linux. You'd be better off using Bootcamp, as I am running, to play PC games on your Mac. Just backed and this game looks awesome, got a question though. I noticed backers get any future content free, does this include any buddies who did not pledge but are with the backer who did, via say the $25 one? I have a few questions 1. Is it compatible on MAC? 2. When is the "expected" release Thank you so much i cant wait to play this awesome game The subreddit, /r/LastYear, is up and running. Check it out, let me know if you know anything about CSS, and/or moderating. <url>" I have a bad feeling about this." So the others know. "Ok, the Killer is in front of us. Let's take another way." It could be very difficult for Killer to start a surprise attack when eveybody knows that you're around. My improvement suggestion is that the Goth girl only had a general sense for evil. That means the she can feel an aura of evil. That could be the killer himself or a place where something terrible has happened, maybe where the killer has murdered somebody. The idea behind this is that in the beginning (before the real match started) the group must be bigger than the 5 survivors. Call it the beginning story background. Maybe a whole school class with teachers and some counsellors. The killer has already killed everyone else except the 5 survivors (otherwise they wouldn't be survivors and the killer was not a killer. ;) ). I would imagine that the survivors found one or two locations where the killer slaughtered some of their classmates so they know that they are in danger and this is where the match started but they didn't found all locations of the massacre. When the goth girl had a bad feeling it could be the killer or a murder location. So the killer can use this locations to disguise his presence from the goth girl and can start a surprising attack from that location or in that location. It's also a possibility for the designers to show some places where the killer has done some real brutal kills. With different reactions of the survivors when they open a door and look at this slaughterhouse location. Amber (Scout) and Theresa (Runner) could start screaming or passes out for a second or two. Nick (Technican) starts to puke, Chad (Assault) and Troy (Support) where shocked but not stunned, Sam (Medic) and Pamela (Picklock, Dark Scout) are not really impressed cause they are not afraid of blood and gore and so forth. :) @James Matthew Wearing: Hey! Do you have any budget list for how the backed up money is going to be spent on the game and who are the rest of the team that's going to build this game? Everyone should be very eager to meet them! :D I love the new map the Mall. I loved it in the L4d2 and several old-school horror films too. I hope in the future we will see other places like Farm, motel, or a mansion. Or at least, we get the chance to make these places with UE4. I can't wait ^_^ I hope there are some easter eggs hidden. Just as a PSA, I have made a Reddit Request for /r/LastYear, and will definitely dedicate the sub to the development, and the whole game itself! Check back in a few days to see if I've obtained it... i also have two suggestions for the game (if they weren't mentioned already). The first would be that all players, survivors and killer, have an indicator that pops up and shows the direction where a noise is made on their HUD, similar to the indicator that pops up when someone is shot at in COD and it shows where it came from based on their orientation. The indicator would activate based on load sounds caused by running, slamming doors, or revving a chainsaw, to name a few examples. Another idea would be the possibility of weapon construction for both teams. The killer, based on what type of character they are, can construct weapons based on their background (think of the new Friday the 13th, how Voorhees used a bow and arrow to kill the kid driving the boat). They already have a blueprint or set of blueprints. For the survivors, the technician could build weapons for the group, but only based on blueprints that are found on the map. But to make it more difficult, only one piece of the blueprint will be available per game. The number of blueprint pieces could be based on how effective they are against the killer (4 piece blueprint being somewhat effective, while a 9 or even 16 piece being very effective). The components and blueprint piece will be randomly hidden and scattered all over the map so they won't always be in the same place in every game played. so when the backers that pledged enough to get a copy of the game, will we be receiving it as a downloadable file format or will it be a physical copy sent to us? Hey James, I play on a toshiba laptop. I can play most games pretty well (all valve games, Black ops 2 and others) do you know what requirements (or at least a ballpark estimate) I would need to have an enjoyable time on my laptop. Don't know if mentioned but maybe a direct mic system to where we can only communicate with survivors if they are near or around us? And the killer being able to hear everything. I had a suggestion to make about a possible added feature to the game. How about adding a sort of brutality mode, a.k.a. Insta-kill. Let me elaborate, imagine one of the survivors is separated from the group in the pool area, the killer would have to sneak behind him thus engaging in a cinematic button-mashing sequence (think god of war) where either the survivor breaks away from the grip or ends up being tossed in the pool depending on who wins the trade. Second sequence would engage where while the killer is breaking nearby electrical cables we give a second chance to the survivor to swim out of the pool, if he fails to do so BAM instant electrocution. Now all this considered if another teammate is present he/she can break the sequence (pushing the killer or helping teammate out of the pool with a stick). I think the sequences could vary depending on the location it occurs (kitchen with the stove or other examples). This could really added to the brutality of the kills from slasher movies. Anyways just a suggestion, sorry for the long post. I would also like to thank you for working to develop this game. I've been waiting for years for a game like this that captures the magic of 80s horror movies. Thanks for all your hard work. I was curious as to what the minimum player requirements are to play a private LAN match. My biggest concern with games such as this one is always lifespan. Do we just need one player for the killer and one player for the victims to be able to play a match or are we going to need a full group of six people for each game? I've pledged enough to receive two copies of the game so that me and my friend could play together. @Dave: very solid suggestions! @Dablue : Oh yeah, I know. These are just passing suggestions, I have no idea how creating a game works and I'm very aware funds have a limit. I just think these ideas would add more depth to an already awesome looking game. James if free to heed them or not :P @Dave : but we need to hear more from James' who appears to be awol again, to be sure. I believe there should be a few more playable survivors... Not just the default 5, who will always be in every single game. That way, if there's something like 8-9 playable survivors (and God knows there are many archetypes to draw inspiration from to create them), then different survivor teams will be able to strive with different compositions and tactics. It would make the game much more fun, add to the "replayability" factor, and would help in keeping the survivors/killer interactions fresh. I know it piles even more work to an already huge project, but yeah... Just a suggestion! The game seems epic already as is, though. I just feel like more character diversity would be a big plus, and if it would be possible to add audio interactions between them during gameplay (bantering, stuff like "Chad! Oh my god..." (upon seeing Chad's dead body), panicked blubbering while being chased by the killer, random interactions ("Here, take this," Amber says as she hands Nick a baseball bat. "Thanks. Not as useful as a chainsaw, but still," says Nick). You wouldn't believe how hyped I am for it! There are so many ideas for a FFA mode. "box" mode from hellraiser. One person carries the box and turns slowly into the killer. Like a carry the flag mode. I am sure something cool can be made out of that too. But I'd first focus on the main game idea. How about a sort of Evil Dead / Night of the Demons (1988) mode? All players start together in a room, one gets randomly possessed. Everyone else knows who it is as there's a 30 second possession transformation (A.K.A - Run like hell before they can chase you). Every time someone gets caught, they're possessed as well, until there's 5 demons chasing after 1 human, who has to find a specific item to banish the demons and save everyone, or they can just get get to a specific area and get away. That's a cool character idea- I love everything goth! Not sure about the being hypnotized by the killer though... Since she's already weak in combat, I feel she'd be offed early on. I like everything else Dream come true. Thank you, Holy crap... :D Over 150% funding. Not bad. Random topic of the day. Who plays Left 4 Dead? Also do you prefer l4d1 survivors or 2? But to make it fair for the killer she can feel the presence only when she has no other task she's doing at this moment. When she pick a lock for example she is too focused on that task to take care of her sense. Otherwise it would be impossible for the killer to set a trap or surprising ambush for her. Thats only the case if she is alone or only in a team of two and only if she is too far away from her teammate. If they stay together and her teammate noticed that there something wrong with Pamela he can slap her so she will wake up from her condition and they can increase the distance again cause they can run faster than the killer. That she can feel the the presence of the killer doesn't mean that she only fall in this state of emotion when the killer is visible. He could be behind a wall or a door with no possibility to attack Pamela at once. If the killer is near enough to grab her she defintly has made something wrong. :) And before she is overwhelmed by her feelings she feel the presence of the killer from a larger distance so she can warn her teammates or try to avoid the danger by taking an other way. When she suddenly was overwhelmed she doesn't react on the warning feelings before so she made something wrong, too, right? ;) @Deerool Interesting idea for the Goth Girl character, I actually quite like it. Just one concern on her becoming overcoming by pure evil. If she is overcome in close proximity to the killer, doesn't this give the killer an easy chance to kill her. And if one of her teammates comes to snap her back to reality, can't the killer use that to potentially kill both of them in one go. I feel that maybe the killer will use the Goth girl as some type of lure, which might not be all that fair. Don't get me wrong, its a great concept, I suppose I was just wondering about this. Hope this turns out well. It looks alot more polished than damned already and I love that game. I really like the asymetrical horror stuff. There isnt enough good horror games, let alone any multiplayer ones. Good luck. Youve got my 50 bucks So here is my proposal for the Goth Girl. If Tyler Anthony Edwards agrees with it cause the Goth Girl was actually his idea. And I know it's pretty much stuff and I'm completly insane. But I think thats ok. :D Name: Pamela (but she hates the abbreviation Pam) Background: Pamela is the youngest of three children born to a middle-class parents' house. She has an older brother and an older sister. Her sister was always the favorite of her parents, the typical picture perfect girl. Pamela was constantly kept what performances and achievements her sister reached . Pamela was much more average and could never keep up with her sister. At some time she began to hate her parents and their conformed lifestyle and especially her sister. She began to wear black clothes and her make-up deathly pale and dealt with all sorts of dark and violent things. She read a lot about serial killers and famous murders, witches and the Middle Ages. Not because she was really interested but to shock her parents. At first she dislike her name Pamela as too conform and calling herself Pandora for a while. Later however she found out that her name “Pamela”composed from the ancient Greek words “pan” (all) and “Melas” (Black) which in the end means "All Black" which certainly describes Pamela's default setting. So she accepted her name but she can't stand it if someone call her Pam. In the follow time she quarrel often with her parents so she got a lot house arrest. During this time she learned to pick the lock of her room door with all kinds of objects and run away from home. Later she used illegally the car of her parents which she just hotwiring. She know how to do it from survival handbook written for the case of a Zombieapoclypse. Skills/Abilities: Fast pick lock with different items like hairpins, nails or wires. Can hot-wire a car. Iron nerves, she is not afraid of blood and gore and had a sense for darkness and evil so she can feel when the killer is in the near surrounding. Weakness: Not very athletic, she can take some amount of damage without falling in to panic but she only cause a small amount of damage and she is not able to stun the killer. When the Killer is very near her sense for the pure evil overhelmed her and she stop running away. She fall to her knees and hail the killer as the long awaited personification of pure darkness she really adores. Her teammates can bring her back to reality by giving her light slap. But this action of course wasted some time. Appearence: caucasian, straight black long hair. blue eyes, black pants and shirt., wearing a black cross (sometimes upside down) or a Pentagramm around her neck. She could look like this: <url>"little Miss Perfect", always nice and clean, good in school and everybodys darling, Queen of the prom night (was it the right term for that? i'm not sure, I'm from germany) and she can cook like her mum. ;) But to survive, the Goth Girl had work together with her and she hates it and maybe Theresa hates it, too. Could be some funny dialogs in there. :) I'm sorry but can you explain me the word "Trope"? I'm not familiar with this phrase. @ she could also just have the two abilities of "fast pick" as i mentioned below and "Iron nerves" assuming a nerve mechanic is in the game. Iron nerves could be that she doesn't get scared when she sees the killer and has the ability to take hits like a champ ( so basically very resistant to killer attacks) So all in all her character could be a sort of utili-tank. she can't stun the killer but she can distract him so her allies can get away. along with "fast pick" which could allow for speedy escape but she'd have to use it sparingly due to how few uses of the ability she would have. in the end if that idea intrigues you you just have to come up with a possible name/appearance/trope for her and the concept would be sorta finished. @ Deerool You mean like a fast pick ability? she'd have a limited number of lockpicks to use but can pick locks quicker and quieter than the nerd or hotwire cars faster and quieter, so she could be a character to use if you're planning on taking a speedy composition for a group. could be used in tandem with Theresa ( character concept i came up with you can find if you scroll down a bit) assuming that something like them ends up as characters in the full game. Maybe the nerd can do the hot wiring, too. But only in theory cause he never do this before. He is a good boy. :) So he need mor time for this than the goth girl. @Liam Ok, that's true. So cut out the traitor aspect. But what do think about idea of the delay if she fall down to her knees cause she don't want resist the personification of pure darkness she really adores? So she must rescued by the others with a slap in her face (of course without a weapon in your hand :D) to bring her back to reality. Maybe it's important to rescue her cause she has the abillity to pick locks or start a car without a key. Maybe she learned that cause she run away from her conformist home from time to time even when she was grounded. So she costs a little bit of time when the sense of evil goes to strong but it could be important to save her and not to leave her behind cause she can open or lock doors without a key so the group can enter rooms that are usually closed. Or she can hot-wiring the car. @ Deerool that seems like a pretty huge flaw though. Who would pick a character that could potentially lead to a group death, and who would trust said character? Those flaws seem way to heavy for how situational a strength she has. Not to mention you don't need all 5 survivors alive to win so if she just assumes the position once the killer shows up 9 times out of 10 i bet she'll just get abandoned. The ability to sense if the killer is nearby does sound cool though but with that idea of sensing and possible traitoring she just seems like a nightmare to balance. A thought crossed my mind when I think about the goal to flee with the truck. There should be serveral ways to flee from the camp. Cause if I where the Killer and I don't want that the teenagers flee from that location I surely burn down the truck to destroy it. This could be a moment like often used in horror movies. The victim made it to the car with killer behind. And of course the car didn't start or the keys fall down. Same situation in the game. Can you imagine how horrorfying it was if you collect all the parts for truck but you take a little long and when you arrive at the parking area the truck stand in flames? :D You have to try to flee anyway so it should be possible to run through the woods (bad idea :) ) or take a canoe to row over the Lake. But for this of course you need a paddle or two if you take two canoes. So back to the camp, again. /evilgrin And maybe she could be good at chemistry which is comperable with alchemy, the sience of ancient times. So she maybe was able to build some acids as a weapon or fuel for truck. @Dablue Concerning the Goth sounds good. She was able to feel it if the Killer is near but don't know excactly where he is. At the same time she also has a inclination for evil and the killer must seem to her like something adorable. So when the Killer is very near there is a 50:50 chance that she come under influence of the pure evil of the killer and start to work against the survivors (leading them into wrong direction or something). Or instead of running away she fall down to her knees and hails the near killer as her long awaited Master. Only a light slap in her face from an other survior brings her back to reality. But this cost time and endanger herself or the other surviors. That's her weakness. With her sense for the "darkness" she can save her comrades from a trap or near danger but at the same time she is not 100% reliable andcould lead them directly into the trap. Oh and a sickle can be used as a "grab" weapon. Think spidey sence - ish Perhaps the goth can (due to her attunement to "the dark side") can sence the killer is near without knowing where he is exactly) @ Tyler Anthony Edwards Sounds cool but what would her skills be? her weaknesses? if she's just able to fight the killer to help allies then why not just use the jock? The only horror movie troupe that this game is missing that I really really want is a goth character, preferably female. That would have a lot of witty banter with the scout and call her "little miss perfect" and insult her alot and maybe showing feeling for the nerd aswell as in horror movies the nerd and goth chick tend to do well together... @Adam : Yea your points are true, it's always sad to be a support :P @James Matthew Wearing: Since this is the last week of funding, I guess you should boost the game's propaganda more and this would really be a good time for an update! (And do say a stretch goal, if you wish to that is!)...Thanks in advance! :D any stretch goal? Will the killer get to start with a weapon if so will he be able to pick up other weapons @Mukilan It is off topic but if we are talking about role equality I suppose it isn't. Both are quite balanced, they are both excellent to watch competitively. The problem is that supports job is to not take farm and thus give more to their carries but therefore getting nothing themselves. It's like a multiplier on the power of the carry, however multiplying by zero is still zero and in a game where you are solo queuing you cannot know how good or bad everyone is. In league at least supports can earn somewhat of an income and it's not AS unpopular but in dota there's really nothing. Money is decisions and support gets way less meaningful ones. Support is only important because they DONT take resources and there's not enough to go around. If each player is taking resources it makes them all less efficient, that's the only major impact support has. The rest of it is basically hoping for the best on your team to use and acquire the resources wisely. When playing as a carry with a bad support you are still getting an income and can even buy the support items yourself and can better defend yourself against the other team. When playing support with a bad carry many of the resources simply go to waste while you are still dirt poor and many of your other actions depend on the awareness and skill of the other player. Like I said at the start its a great game competitively and with friends where this burden is significantly less because a loss can be learned from. However when playing solo, this isn't the case and the original commenter is rightfully concerned that some roles will matter much more than others. Some imbalance is inevitable but it just shouldn't be as drastic as it is in MOBAs. @Adam: Dude trust me in every MOBA , supports are the least preferred! I have been playing both League and Dota 2 for 2+ years now and I must say both are quite balanced. I main supports for my college team (League:Soraka,Lulu,Janna,etc) (Dota2: SandKing,Jakiro,Lion,ShadaoeShaman,etc), but trust me when I say it's the gamer community that makes you to hate a support play! Whatever I do to save a adc in game would always go "unappreciated" and one small mistake, everyone would hate you forever thought the game! I guess the reward system to play a support should be increased generally, to coax more people. And supports do make a huge impact in Dota 2 and LOL. Here's a quote from Bastion to go with this: "Nobody likes to play support, but everybody likes to win!" @ Liam. Thanks for the tip and the explanation of the character @ Tadhg. Hopefully the developers will be a little open minded to dealing with this issue than in MOBAs. Though to be fair at least League 'tries' to make support a bit more fun unlike Dota. At the very least going for more of a team fortress 2 approach, not all the roles are equal in usefulness and the game is a bit overcentralised around a handful but all are fun to play. It's a big reason I do not play MOBA's much. The fact the roles have dramatically different levels of impact on the game and the fact a huge amount of the community ignores this fact and the overwhelming statistics to go with it. What I am currently wondering is if certain characters are going to be more interesting to play than others. For example, it would appear that the Nerd will be really fun to play, whilst the Medic less so. I hope this doesn't create a MOBA style scenario when not play with friends, as in I hope that it doesn't create a circumstance where one or more roles are highly coveted, whilst other roles are never picked immediately. @ Adam theres this one funny movie that tries to replicate those old cheesy teenager horror movie called "Ginger Clown" it's got the stereotypes and it's pretty good. @ Adam i imagined her role would be "Runner". basically imagine a scenario where the group needs a key or gas for a car you can send theresa out to get it. due to her enhanced running speed she can do the job quickly and evade the killer along the way not to mention her screams could alert the party of a nearby murder fiesta with Theresa as the pinata. So the group runs out of batteries for there flashlights, no sweat send Theresa to make a mad dash to get them from where the group saw them last. Need someone to hold the key/gas can/ important item? Have Theresa hold it so that if the party is ambushed Theresa can flee and keep the item safe. you could also use her as a distraction if you're a cold heartless monster. She could also sprint around trying to find evryone and could be a good pick to help gather everyone together early on. @ Liam. Solid character design IMO but what role are they? I laughed a bit at 'the one who can't stop screaming', though I'd have thought Amber already occupies that role, maybe they are the type that scream together with 'omigods'. Either way I dunno if that'd get annoyed really fast or amusing. I really do need to sit down and watch a few of these for 'research'. Hey, it's not even a lie for once. Any recommendations? Aside from the ones given in the video? Ones where these tropes will come out all stereotypes blazin? This is the first kickstarter project that I've ever backed. You're idea for this game is something I've always thought about. I look forward to playing this. I have an idea for a survivor that i've been mulling over, and i'mme going to present her with a list of things like appearance, name, personality, horror movie trope and so on. Name: Theresa Skills: Track star; can run 1.5-2x faster than other survivors, can vault over low objects like canoes, railings, desks, or rocks, has an evade mechanic (Has limited number of dodges she can use if the killer attacks her from the front but only a small amount, they regen very slowly, and can't be used if attacked from behind), Weaknesses: Easily panicked, has long ponytail so the killer can grab her from behind for an almost guaranteed kill if he/she can catch her. weak to killers attacks. Trope: Catholic girl with the cross, little miss perfect, preppy peppy girl. The one who can't stop screaming. Appearence: Caucasian, long brown hair tied back with a ribbon into a ponytail, Girl next door look, wears a school jacket over a t-shirt, track shorts and running shoes, has a golden cross around her neck. Possible mechanics i've thought about: Can vault over a stunned killer, if hit by a killer she screams for 3 seconds and becomes "panicked" (at the same time) she now runs clumsily and will trip if she tries to run over difficult terrain (i.e mud, stairs, wet floors, cluttered floors, or in darkness.). Still a pretty basic idea but le tme know what you guys think : ) @Adam Have to agree the general facts about the issue involving dogs and whips. Let's see what other backers and James has to say. And good to hear about your survivor! And about that last paragraph, it's just "Cabin in the Woods" all over again! :P @Mukilan Ah the delights of autocorrect and Iphones etc... @_@... There's several unknowns and I'd be surprised if at least one of the killers isn't significantly better than the others because there'll always be something that one guy finds out of thousands of players that the small people testing won't spot. Almost every game is imbalanced in some way and this is especially true on release. To me theoretical balance is impossible to think about because we still haven't got anything aside assumptions to base it off. The dogs are a risk/trade off. If she doesn't utilize them well or the survivors are able to turn to the tables, she will lose them making her job much harder than it would be for other killers. It's mostly a 'design' idea to give her flavour but if it proves too powerful, it doesn't matter and can be dropped but at this point it's about 'cool' factor. Keep in mind about the range thing that we have a guy with a harpoon already in the works and practically guaranteed to be in the game. His maximum range would be much longer than hers. Range isn't really the issue, speed, versatility and practicality are the trade offs for each killer and how each one would be different. My survivor is actually male. I'm an equal opportunity guy, but maybe later, I'd rather people digest one of my ideas at a time, it would be extremely easy for me to take years of ideas on other projects, transpose them, make them workable for this and dump literally thousands of paragraphs here. I said something along the lines of 'if the Nerd was able to think clearly' when doing a task. But yeah, nerve and things that modify nerve/stress would effect the characters efficiency. Some characters would be more easily rattled increasing the time it takes to do a given task and certain modifiers such perhaps the Medic/Scout having a calming presence or 'flanks/room' secured (whether it actually is or not, it is merely what the survivor 'believes') while the Jock might offer protection, his brash nature might anger or irritate the supporting character, giving a reason for the team to split up or have the Jock cover the team from another angle (which gives plenty of opportunities for dialogue too) as well as other modifiers which the varying killers can have fun with at playing with the nerve of the survivors and again some would be better at it than others. Not sure if this is what it says in the FAQ, but is the Killer able to talk to the Survivors with voice chat? like if you wanted to do a little roleplay as a killer. @Adam Ferguson Ah sorry bro, I am trying to paragraph it but my phone seems to mess it up! Your point about "luck" playing a factor is indeed something that must be analysed before implementing. Because see Deerool, is worried as she has a extensive set for pursuing the fleeing survivors! And as you said it's true the weapon will be useless in direct face to face combat and would require more stealth than other killers! And i do love your ideas about the dogs but I feel it will make her over powered! Like if the dog could chase , sniff out hiding spots and stuff, then it's sure hell for the survivors! :D I do like your take on the female killer, sounds like good psychoanalysis profile for her. We should research some lady wardens of Unit 731 or other **** torture camps.....we could find so much ideas there! (*__*) { Chain warden comes to my mind though...}. And do say about your female survivor, would love to read about it! :) @Deerool Yes ,it's a different kind of weapon and no it cant be used in very close combat as I have mentioned before. And I personally wouldn't mind a trained psychopath killer! hey who doesn’t like Ted Bundy or Jack The Ripper! ;) @James Matthew Wearing One more implementation in the game should be a panic/horror meter that kinda makes the survivors feel fidgety. More the scare, then it's gonna be a pee in the pant situation! (Someone mentioned this "fear" meter before though!) . And any updates coming soon? @James @Adam Ferguson Elaborate on your thoughts for female Killers.. Well aside from what's already been said? Okay I guess. Feel like I'm 'cheating' since my only sentiment was having at least one woman killer and I wanted to design a survivor but I'll take it. I should point out again that I actually haven't watched these sort of movies (though I keep meaning to) and am only designing based on what I thought might be a good game play element. Not to mention that as much as cliches are a big theme for this game, I have a tenancy to deviate regardless. Her name is Versisca Alvinczi. An Austrian medical scientist in her mid 30s with medium length black hair, tall build, generally dignified appearance, fairly 'thick' accent. She is attempting to find a cure for her younger brother to a unknown disease that sees him discriminated against and isolated from society. Legitimate means even from her position has proven fruitless and therefore she started to turn to illegal means as she becomes more desperate to find a cure as the disease continues to take hold in her brother. The illegal activities are relatively minor at first, bit of stealing here, bit of illegal/not by the book procedure there however it creeps up on her, and she is discovered, resorting to a hasty murder to cover it up and she is forced to flee the country. On top of this her brother wants nothing more to do with her research and even if she finds a cure, he would not accept the blood price attached to it. Despite this her determination to find a cure becomes even more driven by insanity as her obsession finally takes holding, believing her brothers words are empty. Her new notoriety however means that she no longer has to hold back at all to any sort of moral or legal guideline and begins to resort to taking 'live' specimens. Other stuff: She does go against the traditional image for the killer but this does allow for variety. She has definitely lost her mind. Like I've said before she has two pet dogs, Felino and Xavier. Whether they could further change up game play could be decided later. As for her training or 'practical experience' with the whip, it'd be easy enough to believe based on her 'sadist' personality, and who knows how long she's been in 'training' for. Hm, I don't know. The whip seems to me that it gives an unfair advantage to the Killer. It can be used as long range weapon and has man stop abilities so it negate the fact that survivors can run faster than the killer. It also can be used in short range fights,too. The second point concerning the whip is the killer himself or herself. The typical slasher movie killer is an insane brutal person (it doesn't matter if the killer is he or she) that grab the first thing he / she gets and kill people with it (Machete, Axe, Chainsaw) in a very simple and brutal way. Mostly done with brutal force. But to swing a whip you must be trained. So that makes the killer to someone who has (maybe many years) trained for killing people. A cold blooded trained killer who plans his murderings carefully and not impulsively. It's much more like Ted Bundy than Jason or Micheal Myers. Insane for sure but not brutal in a slasher movie manner. Mukilan interesting ideas but could you do me a big favour and use paragraphs? Or are you and the text doesn't come through that way. I like reading what you have to say :). Anyway liked everything else except luck isn't such a good concept for a game like this. It's an easy tool to balance out something that otherwise might be too strong but in this case, it'll cause frustration because the game is all about 'planning and counter planning' if an RNG says screw you even though they outplayed their opponents, it undermines the game. There's other ways to keep things in check. Otherwise yes, the concept is pretty similar to what you stated. The weapon is good at medium range but a liability up close unless used from an ambush position. Regardless of whether you want her to have her dogs or not, her main thing is that she relies more on isolation and separation and has a variety of methods to achieve this but she's significantly worse at direct combat compared to other killers. @James Matthew Wearing: Let me begin by saying I like sickles too, but it's almost similar with machete or an axe, just with an increased radius. The idea for a whip is completely different though. The whip should be long and barbed as a basic design. The whip has 3 different functionality: 1. When the whip is swung from medium/long distance, the barbs cut the survivors . Whip swinging action can be implemented with crackling sounds. The whip can also be shown to get penetrated into the skin and the killer could pull it off as the survivor screams in pain. 2. Long range grappling mechanics: if the survivor is at long range , the whip should be able to twine around the survivor's arm/leg and the killer should start pulling them towards her (now a button smashing mechanism can be implemented for escaping from the whip grapple). 3. The final idea for a whip is the predator or surprise take downs, when the killer is hiding and suddenly pounces on a survivor, she will put the barbed whip onto the survivor's throat like a noose and cut/strangle them to death! I mainly implement this idea because whip would look cool and the mechanics in very different, also got this idea from catwoman and ancient gladiators! The drawback of the whip is probability of hitting (not a 100% hit every time) , vulnerability in close range face to face approach/combat and comparatively low damage (the killer must isolate to kill or must face the survivors in a suitable range). That's the overall idea about the whip! Image : <url>"achievements", please do make some of them as community voted ones as it will be more exciting! :D Oh and one more suggestion is we need "sledge hammer" as a weapon, slow to swing but huge radius and bone-breaking capabilities! And would really love to see a clown having that sledge hammer!! :P Another idea is for survivors to trigger some specific dialogues when the killer is moving in predator mode, like someone in the survivor say "whew, what's that stench?" or something like that! So much ideas, so much possibilities! :) @James: thnx for all the answers ;) I am personally very happy with them. @James Matthew Wearing Sorry to ask because I am not familiar with Stream. Does it mean "Last Year" will not provide a DRM-free download version for me to install multiple PCs? Does it also mean I should ask 5 of my friends to download Stream and register? BTW, please do remember to add Chinese Language version if possible:) Just backed. Such an awesome concept, hopefully it has a good community. Maybe we'll see it on Xbox One or PS4 and I agree with Deerool, I'd like to see some leveling up like clothes and perks and maybe some sort or story aspect. Maybe a comic style movie showing off some of the key points in that particular game, and who survived or something similar. Anyway, I have high hopes for this game. Is this going to be keyboard and mouse only or will there be controller support as well?? That brings me to the next question. What happened when the match is over? Will there be some kind of rewards? Maybe points or money that can spent in some additional clothes, weapons, traps, medicine or something like that? Or a little story epilog which describe your behavior during the game and what happen to your character afterwards maybe in a short movie or a text like you can see sometimes when the movie ended Maybe like this:" Chad barly survives the Silver Lake incident as the only survivor but he must left his friends behind. He can't forget what happened in the Summer Camp so he changed his residence and the school - to East Side High...... ;-) " Thanks for the reply. I'm glad to hear all those choice you made. One question just came my mind, jump capability for players ? The saboteur idea is great, but should be randomised and absolutely not systematic, making sure every game is different. A map editor with a (2 ? ) monthly community poll allowing us to decide a map to include in the release game should be a good thing. Just forgot something. Of course the goal should be to save all survivors. Sacfrice or lost one of your teammates should be punished in the end. Less rewards and something like that. Or if you sacrifice one of your teammates (deliberately ) you could be arrested by the police in the end. ;) @ duhfool Why the Jock should be the only one who should be able to play the a**hole (sorry for that :) ) in the team? When insert a kind of "sacrifice your teammate" option this option should be available for all survivors. Otherwise the Nerd is only one who will be bullied by all others, the popular girl, the Jock and so on and nobody wants to play the Nerd in the end. So I play l4d on steam on my mac, will this work as well? @ Duhfool, you mean like going "Shane" mode like from The Walking Dead? That would be awsome though, if you got the one pistol and used it on your teammate to escape yourself Devil-ish but sweet. :) Predator mode looks like it'll be awesome. It might be slightly OP if you have one person left, and hide in the back of the car though. @fool: that would be awesome ;) Kickstarter finally resolved the issue that prevented me from being a backer. I love the concept of this game and showed it to a few friends. I also considered a scenario where say only the the Jock and Nerd are left and the truck is ready to go. Is there a possibility for the Jock to hamstring the Nerd, hoping that the Killer will go for the easy prey and allow the Jock to escape? This seems like it would need some sort of friendly fire option. @Adam/James: I don't know is an answer too, but an answer that needs to be given ;) @Adam: I am curious what data will come out of the beta @Dablue I think in terms of the beta keep in like left 4 dead in which players can enter and leave as they wish, within the beta it's less likely people will be jerks. The discussion of how matchmaking/player finding/whatever should be discussed during the process because again, I've got a books worth of ideas of how this can be handled, ideas that I wanted to use for l4d but fell on deaf ears and that game really needed help in the versus department. Though I have to wonder if there's going to be any 'bot' AI in the place of human players if someone does disconnect or quits. Personally with many games I play with AI more than people. Also James, I take it when you are silent on a subject the answer is 'I don't know yet' :P. Tends to be a theme when you are pressed enough, which is of course fine. Nice to know the idea was solid too. The problem is though there are loads of good ideas, only a handful can get put in within a meaningful time frame, so I'd rather you kept it to the preferences of you and your team so stuff happens. I agree with some of the other backers, how frequent will you update the development progress and what software will you be updating it on? One more thing the game should have is "achievements" , since it's on steam! Loads of indie games released recently don't have any integrated in them! I would love to see gory/cheesy achievements for types and kinds of kill you make, how you escape, etc..!! Argh.. Forgot one - how is the ingame i teraction between the stereotypes OK, I have the following questions: (typing this on iPad, so bear with me) - no stretchgoal, that's cool, but what does enhance mean when you have 50+% of funding - 2 maps planned, what is the size of said maps - a lot of ideas for additional maps and killers, is this part of the enhancement of the game? - will there be limited vo for the characters? Kind of like in left 4 dead? - will there be a matchmaking system for me to use? Or am I forced to have 5 friends ready at all cost. - single player option, part of enhancement? - how will you communicate with your backers after being funded and in what frequency? - you apparently cut features to reach an even 50k goal, why 50k (seeing how the setup of this game is quite ambitious and 50k is peanuts) what can be restored now you have more funding? - what is the plan post launch? Dlc or done is done? And will the Dlc (if that's the case) be free for backers or not. ---- I probably think of more questions, but for now this is it) Well even they're are no stretch and all extra funds will go to further polishing the game... Could the extra funds help develop a possible single player James? Since you said the door is open for one? JMW : How many maps/survivor variants/Killer variants are you planning ? Take a game like damned, it's a great game with 10~ maps and 3 monsters. I spent hours on this game with friends but there is still a lack of replay value. You surely need something like 3-5 killer variant (not just only the skin, the gameplay too), around 5 or 10 great maps and maybe 1 or 2 other gameplay variant for each survivor. Maybe not everything on the release date, but you can plan something like 1 killer/1 survivor of each class and a few maps for a DLC coming 3-6 months after the initial release. Based on that you could add the poll for some survivor variants on a VIP section of the forum (for any reward status you decide) and then take a draw for some higher reward tiers (like only for elite or higher) where 1 or 2 people would be choosen for designing a new gameplay/skin for one killer. I'm sure you have enough money and time to make something like that now. Anyway i wish you luck one more time, you have a great opportunity on this game, don't miss it. What a cool idea. It would be a great stress reliever to log in and hack up other players after a long day. Count me in. Just a few ideas, what about a boiler room easter egg, you know freddy and all that. Maybe an abandoned trailer park, farm, or junkyard, each of those would pose possible killer related costumes. Such as the farm, you could play as a killer that can fake being a scare crow, uses a wheat scythe/ sickle, and can use farm equipment as traps. A junkyard could give the killer dogs as weapons, meaning he would be defenseless if his dogs are killed (they would respawn, or he would have to get to his dog cage) and players could hide in crushed cars. Trailer park is just your run of the mill Hillbilly Killer, so i mean thats pretty basic. Really glad about the new update, that anyone can win that great prize of yours! :) Hope I win it though, would be cool to design a character. Good luck on the game! Jestem zadowolony że mogłem dodać coś od siebie do tego projektu ! Powodzenia ! Poland support you! I'm tempted to up my pledge from $50 to the top tier. Will you be showing the exclusive skin before the KS ends? Thanks for breaking the silence. The amount of ideas I have for this and other things is ridiculously long but you're getting plenty already. When we've got into the beta and I'm 'plugged in' I'll feel more inclined to go into details since the scope and direction of what you and the design team want will be much better. However I'll speak on two things. 1. I assume the five characters (Amber, Chad, Nick, Sam, Troy) are set but if it's to keep the 5vs1 theme it'll mean the new character pushes the roster to 6, so there's either a new role or there will be ten characters total with overlap or a role will be excluded every time the game is played. I was thinking regardless of which direction that some (if not all) of the classes should be hybrid roles, in other words, characters would have a primary thing they are good at but also have secondary skills which means one character isn't 'as' overworked or if they do die while the team is clearly weakened they aren't completely screwed. For example, the technician could be technically apt with say electronic based things, tactical thinking (assuming they were able to think clearly) and the like, but not as much mechanically which say the support or medic might be better at. If the roster is ten these secondaries or even how strong the primary is could be different allowing for many combinations and strategy. If the killer gets to choose 'their toys' the survivors should too yes? 2. Snow themed level Ski trip gone bad with a minor road 'accident'. I need not say more. It's great to see you answering some questions in the comment section. I was a backer of the iControlPad and the iExpander and especially the latter was nothing than a desaster. No communication and it really looks like they're totally screwing the backers (project was funded two years ago and there is no product and no refunds) so I seriously hope that this project will come to life as the concept and even the very, very short ingame footage looks stunning (I LOVE the breathing sound, it just sucks you into the game! :)). I love some of the suggestions here. Are you going to create a list (maybe in constant updates from now on) which of these suggestions you are going to implement in the game? @James Matthew Wearing I am happy to answered my comment and I accept your standpoint. I trust you and I will support you. Oh one more thing: If you would like to focus one platform at once then please support as many language as you can.(like add Hungarian text support)I Thank you! @James Matthew Wearing: Thanks for the prompt reply James. I and many were curious on Outrise (Since it said you were the "Creative Director" for it) and there were no updates about the game from last January. It's a real relief to hear that all your efforts are only into "Last Year" now! I am also glad that we have cleared this misconception. Do proceed with your great game development! Very excited and looking forward for the future updates! Proud to be this game's backer! :) @James Matthew Wearing: I like the idea of multiple designs and voting among the community, it's a great way to get the game developed! And overall direction of the game and your approach towards the community is also great! Keep up the good work! Kudos! P.S: Please talk about outrise though, that website gives creeps to many backers, why did it never see the light? (Thanks in advance!) Or just use "Contact Me" option? :) I just like to ask... Where I can send my character design? Cause maybe I blind or sth but I do not see any e-mail address :< Love it when someone reads your request AND DOES IT! ... you already have 14 backers for my "6 Player Bundle Pack" Good job listening to the community! One suggestion I'd like to make is to add the option to play as a black female? My fiancee is always looking for characters that look like herself to play. I hope you succeed in making this game. @Chris Could you please explain why? Will the digital download vesion of this game not be a DRM-free version? That's also part of my point. You are trying to sell a product on kickstarter. That combined with the fact that enthusiastic creators love to talk about their product in stead of being silent. I am definitely not saying this is a scam, but like Adam said, the markers for disappointment are definitely there. @Chris Everything's a risk. Literally everything. A bad outcome can come out of numerous things, all people can do is arm themselves with as much information as possible then make a judgement call. The problem a few people are seeing is a lack of information being given which is an instinctive cause for concern. I guess personally speaking over the past four years I've experienced a LOT of disappointment with similar projects and things. My thinking is basically if there's no problems then all well and good, but if there is an issue then at least it doesn't come as much of a shock. @Ted Yue You'll need to buy 6 games for each person. @Adam Just wanted to say that even though you might be right, if you don't take the risk then how do we know it would fake? For all we know, this game could be real (which from what I've seen so far is 50/50) but we judged it too severally without taking that risk. As Yoda once said: "Do or do not, there is no try" Does any one know how many copies I need to play with 5 of my friends? Should I need to buy 6 copies, or just 1 copies to install 6 PCs? @Lyrad and Christian Problem was a lot of people wanted it and it wasn't even a pay wall thing it was a chance thing based on whether one was asleep or not and nothing on merit. Truth be told it's still not based on merit of any kind. Such as a format for a character being given and the artist/s working on it judging which one they'd like to work with. It'd still be down to chance, but less so than how it's been. It's such a 'good' reward and a dream for some people and in a way, it does trigger my 'too good to be true' senses and the whole supposedly Jedi 'hope is a dangerous emotion' thing and honestly, someone is gunna be disappointed but considering the fact that James has had relatively serious questions leveled at him about his reliability, questions which he has not responded to or even recognized, perhaps there will be more disappointment ahead. Hope for the best of course, but plan for the worst. @Dablue Some people do call me a wise old hermit, mostly to do with the fact I usually don't like competition due to most games being overcentralised and repetitive as well as anxiety disorders (nothing wise/old master about that :P) but when playing varying games with people in a low pressure environment I do very well and offer sound advice. I guess also because on the rare occasion I do make an appearance/compete, I have an excellent record :P. @Dablue Though, the likely hood is probably down to the fact that he's currently developing the game. @Dablue: Completely agree with your statement! Where are the new tier rewards?I think many people won't give their money for nothing. And this last update...Ohh god. Only 8 days left and there aren't tier revards like: If we earn the 90.000 dollar then the game will get a Mac/Linux support or something else but there is nothing. And many questions haven't been answered yet. If nothing would change, I will cancel my pledge. @James Matthew Wearing You know, that is exactly what I was hoping to hear. Let this be the best game it can be. And personally I don't consider updates without answers communicating. (to clear up my statement) It would go a long way if the creator took some time to talk to us. If he doesn't communicate now, how will he communicate once the project is over. I see a lot of unanswered questions and a lot of promises that aren't followed up on. That doesn't bold well and is up to the creator to iron out. @Lyrad: dude. i was doing the exact same thing. I was looking forward to that reward popping up so much. Damn i wanted so much this design reward. Checked there every 10 minutes since this week end. As i Said before i do think this game will be awesome if the small details are counted for. Like When ppl are tallking in mic, if the murdurer hear it also and if you can whisper and such! GOOD LUCK! I am very happy to see this project, as I always dreamed to make a game like that. Good luck, I am proud to be your backer. I was just wondering if some mid spec computers will be able to run the game once it is complete. Thanks @Adam: you sound like a Jedi master lol. I personally do have a lot of questions to the creator... So I hope he has time to do more PR of his brain child Considering the fact the creator has played left 4 dead and the whole killer spawn system is basically identical the special infected spawn system, I would practically guarantee the characters would quip towards each other. Which is exactly why I really want to put in a direction for a survivor character :P. Anyway, as for concerns on Outrise, much like 'balance' concerns of earlier I've thought about this well before now. There's not a lot we can do besides the obvious, hope for the best, plan for the worst. I've learned long ago that hope is a dangerous emotion. @James: how come you don't appear to have your own twitter account? It would go a long way towards communicating with you. @James Matthew Wearing. One question that has come to mind recently is about the voice acting and character interaction. Are there any plans to have the survivors make quips to each other, or even for players to give voice commands? One example could be: If the Nerd is trying to fix the phone line while the Jock is standing nearby, he might occasionally quip "Hurry up, poindexter!" or something like that. Alternatively, maybe players could issue specific voice commands through the use of a button? Like, looking at a lock and pressing 'C' will alert the others that "Someone needs to pick this lock!". @Stroke : Y just saw Outrise website ......seems worrying a bit! @James Matthew Wearing: Cn you please explain what happened to Outrise game, the one you were a creative lead in? @NickRitter Great, that's what I was hoping for. Thanks for that info. @AidenH The game is targeted to scale on as many computers as possible...comparable to a Valve game. It is not going to be a Crysis powerhouse or require an extreme system. It’s too early to give exact numbers on exact specs, but optimization will be a focus. Ok, I checked James' Linkedin profile and i found a game. It's called outrise. He is the project leader of the game and there is no information about it since january. <url>"free" marketing. And also we can connect with friends not by manually keying in the IP addresses, but automating it with Steam. Would be awesome if you could back by buying 6 games HAHAHA this way I can have a whole group of people playing since it takes 6 players! .... I'd share with the interwebs! We can't wait for your awesome game ! Cheers Well even they're are no stretch and all extra funds will go to further polishing the game... Could the extra funds help develop a possible single player James? Since you said the door is open for one? @James: the game needs a clown! Would love to see a pennywise ripoff 9gag is spreading the word about this game! One of our backer's post made it to the "Hot" page! :P <url>æy the killer) be at all customisable? You surely can ask community for the translation. At least friends and myself would be happy to help you for a french translation. @James : impressive LinkedIn profile @James : love the idea...BUT will there be a matchmaking system? I know for sure I don't have 6 people close by that play this sort of game. What will the game offer for players like me? @James Matthew Wearing : Another question that I forgot to ask, though it's too early right now. To Steam or Not to Steam? Just Curious.... I just hope there's a few decent ones that get involved at least a little in the design process. I dunno if disappointment in having only one super reward is gunna sit well with some of the more dedicated backers :). @James Matthew Wearing : The idea of not flooding with many contents just for stretch goal sake and just refining the game to be maximum polished is a great way to go! So my question at the moment is are you going to update today the new reward tier that you were speaking about ? Was discussing this with a friend for about a week now and I have finally got around to backing this game. Were both super excited and cant wait for this to be released! It's gonna be the co-op game we've been looking for for awhile now, both tired of the endless singleplayer or multiplayer (BF4, Farcry type games) where we play together. This is what we meant when we wanted to play together! Not to mention it has everything in a game our friends have discussed at school years ago. Can't wait! Congratulations on reaching the goal! I was just wondering.. I live in Denmark in Europe, and when the game is released, is it sent to my address, or do I recieve a code to download it online? Congratulations on reaching the goal! I was just wondering.. I live in Denmark in Europe, and when the game is released, is it sent to my address, or do I recieve a code to download it online? Yes , I have to agree with everyone we need stretch goals in order to boost the funding in the upcoming days. I guess there will be some news in the upcoming update, we just have to give some room for the creator to breath! Regardless, every backer is super excited for this project from the past comments I have seen ! :D Since the game is funded i guess we could have more stretch goals ? This is gonna be AWESOME. if its anything like the quality of left for dead, this is gonna be huge, and as other people have said take your time with it, its better to have a game that works and is well polished than to rush it out the door. Good on ya mate! It's funded, huzzah! :D Take as much time as you guys need with the game, I'm just happy it's happening. Give yourselves a pat on the back, fantastic concept and it's looking like it'll be a fantastic game. :3 So happy that this game is going to happen. I have only one request. Make parts of the game world destruct able. Such as walls, doors, etc. with the feature, it could turn the players safe house, into a slaughter house. Hey James, I love horror movies and games. I have been waiting for something like this to come along ever since you could fight and kill Jason in the zombie game "Dead Island". I am so excited for this to happen. YEAH FUNDED! For those of you who are unaware the beta starts summer 2016... In the meantime, do you have any stretch goals planned james? Say if we hit 75 or 100k? Looks like a great idea. Should be fantastic to make/play. Congratulations on getting funded, the game sounds like it's gonna be really fun. I know that I'm gonna enjoy playing it with my friends whenever it comes out. Congratulations James! Gotta ask though, what will you do with the extra money rolling in to fund Last Year? Got any stretch goals in mind? I am so excited about this game! I'm big on Multiplayer games, I'm hoping I can get all my buddies to play! Grants on making the goal! YES so glad this project is funded can't wait to play it :3 @James Wearing..... You forgot to appreciate "College Humor" website..... That's the site that made me and several other backers aware of this project ! Ah finally the project creator has spoken ! And it's really nice to know they word has spread on 9gag...feels good to be a 9gagger ! Now to wait and watch this project grow into an awesome one ! #Excited :) Awesome to see this reach its goal! I can't wait to play this. Yeah, I'd like to hear a word of the creator here, too... Where are you James? I hope this kickstarter project won't be a fake one. Yay! I'm so happy it got it's 50 K now, congrats and good luck! Yeah o/ We made it people!!! Contratulations James!!! I can't wait to play this!!! HURRAY! Congrats on reaching your goal guys :D This looks so promising. As a gamer and horror movie fan this is perfect! Love the concept so you can play with and versus friends! Really looks like you guys have done a lot of ground work and I can't wait to test the BETA. Looking forward to this more than any other game :) Congratulations on reaching the funding goal! Looking forward to seeing the game develop and become an awesome finished product! Congratulations! It´s funded! Man, I can't wait that long I think the beta starts in 2016. Do you have a rough idea of when the beta is going to happen? Congrats on successfully funding ! :) There, I pushed it to the goal :) I pledged because I am very intrigued to see how this game will be..it looks like it will be awesome..I'm also glad to see the funding for it is now almost finished. and by the way, I love the music playing in the early game footage video. This is exactly the kind of stalking theme this game needs. Good job ! We're getting close ! I mean more than 49.000 dollar. Awesome. This looks awesome OMG! 49 dollars at now! We'll do it! Awesome concept and I am really excited to see the game get funded and completed! Let's wait and see how this turns out! :) I'm loving the concept of having a Battlefield style kill animation when up close, so long as they're violent enough for a slasher film. Lots of blood and dismemberment like in L4D. And I'm thinking, what if you can lock on to throw objects and kill survivors. It would only be effective if the killer only throws once he's guaranteed to hit (so players with less skill don't just go around throwing super wide and making the game ridiculously easy for the survivors). And that would require survivors, when running from the killer in the open, to get out of line of sight of the killer so that he cannot lock on (once the killer throws, it's like a heat seeking missile and can only miss if they run around a corner). Think of the Friday the 13th remake for example. And of course throwing a weapon would mean you're disarmed until you retrieve it or find another, so the player wouldn't want to just throw his weapon every single time he encounters survivors. Just a thought. I'm really excited and really looking forward to this game. I really like that this it isn't your general "zombie survival". Seems really interesting, I'm really eager to know how it's going to turn out. Good luck, and have fun completing this project. (: Generally speaking though, with all of the elements that are put together, it is technically a balance oriented game. Both sides come with advantages and disadvantages that don't outweigh each other, and mostly depends on how they decide to play it out, which is the beauty of this game. Discussions of balance is a great topic to start off with because of the unknowns. This style of game allows for it because it is highly important that both sides to receive an equal opportunity against one another. The idea of players making moves that build up to an end based off of the many strategies they can come up with leads to a huge importance of balance on both sides. In my opinion, it's just one big game of chess. It's never too soon to ask questions, dude. That's kinda half of what these comments are here for. :P It's way way too early to talk about any sort of balance. How it plays, what the survivors have to do exactly, the maps and how they form up, pacing, where the killer can spawn exactly and how much slower are they compared to the survivors and what abilities each individual killer and survivor has exactly etc. There's way too many unknowns to make any sort of balance idea discussions. Also when it does come out, not just in the beta but in general it will inevitably favor one side or the other, probably quite severally. Just like almost every other game in existence. I thought of the fact that the killer would be able to see a survivor hide as well which renders hiding useless but these obvious flaws will come to light in the beta and even post beta and when it's released the game almost certainly will favour one side or the other. It's all in how that's dealt with in various ways and it sometimes doesn't always come down to balance, sometimes the game can be made to work with one side being handicapped if all players get to play both sides if that means keeping the flavour. Nikolai, I don't think that will be the case since the killer does have to be out of sight in order for him to spawn, which could be pretty far away from the survivors. And with the game in progress at the moment, I'm sure they're still changing timers and values around to give both the killer and the survivors an equal chance at the game. Okay, my apologies, I hadn't read the Updates yet and I see there is a cooldown planned for Predator mode. Still...only ten seconds? That's enough for some stuff, but nowhere near time for a group to split up considering Predator mode is practically teleportation combined with omniscience. Splitting up is truly suicide, since the Predator will inevitably be able to target either of the two groups and will simply choose the weaker one. As such, it's not really a choice at all. I pledged, and would love to play this game with my friends, but I'm worried the Killer is so powerful he'll limit the victims' choices to "stick together and fight" or "stick together and run", at best. Surely a minute-long or even three-minute long cooldown would be better. The killer doesn't ALWAYS have to be zapping around like an Animaniac. So, hang on. We can hide from the Killer in canoes or whatever, neat—but won't he probably see where we go? I mean, any moment he's out of eyeshot, he's almost certainly gonna enter Predator mode. He'll just see us vanish right next to the hideout. Unless the hideout clouds all Predator-vision in its region, there won't be any real safety. Also, won't most games just have the Killer constantly attacking? Doesn't seem like the victims will have much time to plan and split up and the sort. The Killer doesn't seem to have much to lose from spam-porting at them, since they can only beat him with luck and/or skill. Once he's killed a couple guys, isn't it pretty safe for him to just repeatedly pop up and attack until they're dead? Cannot wait, i have been a fan of the game "Damned" on steam, which is a similar concept but this looks A LOT crisp/clean, well funded, and just over high production. Glad to see someone spicing up the horror genre! Wow! Congratulations on a huge jump in funding. When I backed this project it was off to a slow start so I wasn't sure it would meet its goals, but I thought it was a worthy project so I threw in. I'm very glad to see things going so well. I was particularly impressed with the stalker mechanics. Never thought I'd want to play a serial killer but it looks really fun! This game is already sounding like a gem to me, I love the idea and how the early demo footage of the killer looks just helped proved that what I'm backing will be amazing. Also I just to know, executions say one of the players is caught completely unaware... Then the killer can deliver a one hit stealth kill? Say the killer is outside the window and the player is just in reach of the window... Then BLAM the killer pulls them through the window and performs their execution, it can be for a number of executions the killer can perform, say they are above him , maybe he can pull one down and then execute, or if that's overpowering the killer, then how about just having that ability of the killer be used to separate the player from the group, the player can still have a chance to run and get away also giving them a fighting chance. Also those executions I mentioned earlier? How about them used for when the players are in low health and the killer can just then use a execution on the low health players. Or if the killer is injured heavily and on his last legs, maybe the players can each perform certain executions on the killer to make it seem even cooler. Idk it is just my opinion and up to you if you'd like to add those ideas. I wonder how hard it would be to add in another killer, have the 2 killers competing to get the most survivor kills or the survivors try to pit the killers against each other a la Freddy vs. Jason. Pledged $50 three days ago and I've also posted it on reddit ^^ This game looks sweet and I look forward to it. I like what plans you got for the game and I hope it will succeed. Good luck! @matt I like that idea. An in game radio would definitely be better, cuz I know I would be one if those people who plays Rick Astley over the radio :P I see that the P.A. system in the school is usable to broadcast across the map. It could be fun if the system was a toggle on/off system for two reasons. 1. A survivor uses the PA to distract or taunt the killer. The killer comes into the office and the survivor's death is broadcast followed by silence, then an ominous *CLICK* of the system being shut off. Would be very scary for the rest. 2. The killer places an in-game radio or something next to the PA to broadcast music to cover the sound of him moving around the level. I say in-game radio because as soon as you open it up to custom music, many will just spam the level with youtube videos or something and wreck the atmosphere. Just Pledged $50, I hope this turns out into something great! Been wanting something like this for awhile, I think Deerool has a pretty good idea bout the weapon going through hiding spots! I think I'm more hyped for this then Evolve. I have backed this and will spread the word because I know people will be interested once they find out about it. This looks amazing! Just pledged $25. Please fund this game! I would love to see this game on the Xbox One and PS4 :D This might seem kind of obvious but I do hope that locational damage will be in the game. For example, having your leg slashed would cause you to limp, or a damaged arm would cause you to swing your weapon with less force. Also, you would be making more noise from heavy breathing so it would be easier to detect you whilst hiding. You could also incorporate a "hold breath" feature whilst hiding. Love the possibilities that this game has to offer, it would be cool if on the Camp map survivors could hide in sleeping bags which could lead to them being killed in the sleeping bags a few different ways like some of the victims in the FT13th franchise if they are found by the killer while hiding in the sleeping bags Just found this beauty on imgur, the wait is almost over. <url>"BAM" (Killer slahes the survivor) or the survior decides to wait inside the locker and with a shocking surprise the weapon of the killer (who is usally very strong in this kind of movies) was ramed through the door. In a locker is very little room to evade a machete that is rammed through the door, I think. ;) The mood of this game reminds me the old-school horror films. I think the biggest fail of the other coop horror games ( like Left 4 dead) was that they left the other aspects of horror and only use the gore element. And they turn the biggest massacre games ever. I hope it'll not use just blood but use dread, mystery, doubt and shock too. Really want this game to be funded ...... love the idea! ...... This looks really cool. This is probably going to be my second favorite game of 2016 (after Star Citizen). One question though: If the Kickstarter fails to receive enough money, what will happen to the game? I'm in. Game ideas like this are the reason Kickstarter exists. I doubt a major studio would produce this game on their own (from what i know, it hasn't been tried before); so I'll vote with my money. Good luck; I hope you get funded. I got some answers people... The beta will start summer 2016... And he said he's targeting the type of performance you'd see in a Valve game. Wants it scale across as many PC's as possible... I hope this helps everyone who's having doubts as he's definitely cleared any I had. I would highly suggest giving a beta or early early early alpha to some Youtubers to try it out or something to get an even bigger widespread attention for this game. This would be such an awesome game to see come to life! Just a suggestion, if you guys have the budget for it, it would be nice to have a level creator system for players to use and upload, and then every few days or so, open the levels for players to test. If the level reaches a certain amount of votes, have it get added to the game at the end of the voting period. And to keep it selective, it has to be a high number amount of votes in order for it to put into the game. Any chance for steamplay and/or a mac version once this gets enough funding? I don't doubt this game will be funded, saw an advertisement for this by one of my favorite websites and loved the idea. Just backed, looks like this will make a fun game. Can't wait to play it. I really hope this game gets enough money behind it because it looks to be a very interesting game and I'd love to cover your progress if that's alright with you guys. I'm just a beginner journalist but I want to show people this because this game could be a great franchise if funded. Got really excited about this when I heard about it. I had seen concepts for this type of game circulating around the internet a couple of years back but I never expected anyone to actually do it. Can't wait to receive my copy, hopefully worth the wait @Daniel K that question is answered in the FAQ. Private channel for the team and open channel that includes the killer I can't wait for this! I'm interested in what the average time of the rounds will be? Sure it could be over in 30 seconds but it makes you wonder how long they could go on for? Same as Luis Garcia , good luck ! I hope this game have a great succes ! This sounds like a great idea. I love games like Evolve (alpha), and left 4 dead. I would like to know what the system specs when ever that information is available. I am pledging the $50 CAD in hopes that this games is a great success. Hey, looks interesting. I am wondering what it will be like when players are using some kind of voice communication over net. They would be forced to kick the player that became killer so he/she cannot listen students talk. It would be interesting if voice comms would be implemented in the game to allow this automatically. Will there be game text chat among the survivors which is not seen by the killer? @TAE : I assume he doesn't himself about those questions since the game isn't even in pre-pre-alpha. Final release is planned for end 2016, in 2 years, with have time. Beta keys will surely be given as soon as the game get to something playable. As skeptical as I am of this project I figure I'm not losing much by backing $10 CAD, considering I spend more than that on coffee... But I must say this, James if you want this project to succeed you need to be more vocal to your backers. Many people including me have many questions that you need to answer. So if someone asks something here in the comments section, try not to leave us in the dark. You'll only be hurting yourself by doing so. People are skeptical of this project for a good reason, so prove to us that your worth our money by being upfront and quelling that skepticism... I'm not trying to be rude I just wanna give you some constructive criticism because I want this to succeed more than anyone. So while I'm here I want 2 questions answered: 1. Can this game run on crappy computers? What are the minimum requirements and specs required to play this game? 2. When will the beta keys be given? This seems so cool, gladly donated $50! Hope to see this meet it's goal, I can't wait for beta! :D I'm not sure if you would consider this, but would it be that depending on what class you play, will determine what you can and cannot hide in. Since the Medic and the Tech may be smaller compared to the Assault, and Support, and will not be as strong. Would they be able to hid in smaller hiding areas?, such as Cabinets? What about Fear?, would the survivors be more panicked and maybe even a bit more difficult to control if they have low health or are separated from their group and see the killer?, It could help the killer find survivors that are alone due to them breathing heavily or other, it would help the possible problem if one person decides to just hide in one far corner of the map and try and hold out while they're teammates are busy trying to do the objectives. Any idea as to when the Beta would be? I see the general release date is 2016. really interesting idea,I backed it. But I want to ask about the survivors. are they going to evolve or something? how about if the survivor could counter attack killer,he could chop off his or her finger,hand or just wound them,they would lose health and never regenerate till full,but their surviving skills will improve? or maybe they could wound the killer and they'll have something like power up? Love this. I'm a slasher horror fan and this sounds awesome. Read some of the comments and feel like there's some good points. I cud regurgitate their point but you can read so I'll just share my two cents. How about a few "minor powers" in predator mode? Like being able to make a locker swing open real loud or a door bang shut or lights to flicker. In other words, the ability to distract players so that the killer can spawn somewhere nearby and effectively sneak into the room while survivors are distracted. Nothing major. I just noticed that happens in a lot of movies. Like something will make a noise, people freak out, they realize it's just mice or birds and BAM the killers right behind them. Just a thought. Regardless, I'm backing ur idea. Keep at it Will the future levels be free or would you have to buy them? Have you thought about what levels you might want to do? I would consider making the support able to block / counter the killer, every so often, instead of attacking/stunning; and give them limited use smoke bombs (the cheapo fireworks kind). I could see the being able to jump in front of the killer and take 1 single hit as a definitive support move, requiring timing and strategy. I gotta be honest, this is a genre in terms of movies I haven't watched at all but keep saying I'll get around to it. This sounds really interesting and there does need to be more of this sort of game. I'll keep an eye out and give more if need be. I'm really excited for this game. I was wondering about the Medic class. As Matthew pointed out the class could be quite useless depending on the damage output from the killer, and also means that the Medic will only have a use when somebody is injured. I wonder if perhaps a Survivalist would be more effective. Somebody who could maybe uses magazines to create a light layer of protection as well as healing injured players. Just a thought :) Can't wait to see the finished product! I'm already impressed by the axe swinging and idle animations! just wondering, will the spec requirements be super harsh? or do u not know anything of what might the average system specs to play this game smoothly? And backed! REALLY hope this happens, such a cool concept. The concept looks brilliant, so simple too. I'm anxious on seeing if you lay out keys or other small objects that give the player this feeling of escaping into the night. There's always an object someone doesn't have or this clear vision about their surroundings. Players can play a foolish character, but they always try to set up a cheap gimmick to get a head. I absolutely love the concept of this game and hope it gets made. First off, I love the concept of this game. I backed it immediately. Second, for your consideration I propose a few things. I am having doubts about the survivor's classes, as they seem unbalanced. You have two classes (Jock and Support) that are nearly the same thing, a class that seems way too important to let die (technician) and a class that seems almost useless (medic). IMHO I would suggest dividing or duplicating some of the technician's skills to the medic (or giving her another skill like distraction or something) and allowing all the characters to fight with melee weapons, to varying degrees of success of course (no one expects the tech to swing a bat like Babe Ruth). This is just my two cents and I hope the project works. Good luck to you. What game engine do you plan on using? Hey dev's. I love the idea, and backed you. Please be frugal and smart about what you do with this money. It will go fast. Try to get your product to market in a complete form, even if that means you have to cut some planed content. You can always add stuff after the game starts selling. You cant do jack if all you have is a buggy mess and no more money. Remember your priorities, and stick to them. Dont listen to entitled people that have no stake in your success. They dont understand how hard game development is, and have no mercy for mistakes or lack of experience. Please ignore them, and stick to your plan. Unreal supports the devs making games on the new engine so please use them as a resource. I hear they can be extremely helpful with things like netcode. Brush the haters off. Have faith in your team, and dont let the trolls get your down. They were never there for you in the first place. No need to change for them. Good luck I would suggest that this project needs higher reward tiers and some goals beyond the basic goal that would add game modes or characters. Also could you post more about development plans, do you have a team or is it just you making it? After so many games that started on kickstarter released bugged game and went back on their initial promises, what make you confident that you are able to deliver? Or is it just another cash grab like so many other project that came before you? I was sold at the very second I saw the game! Backed 50 CAD Immediately! Great Concept, great setting, great ideas. But for your Kickstarter campaign it doesn't look good in my opinion. You need more people to be intrested in this slasher movie setting. Isn't it a remarkable coincidence that there is a second game in development with same the scenario? Maybe you can combine forces and work on the same project? Your concept is the better one but the other company has some really good ressources concerning the staff members and developers for their game including the guy who composed the original "Friday the 13th" soundtrack. It could be much more productive to work on one project together instead on several rival games I don't want make any advertisment for this game on your kickstarter page so have a look at your kickstarter messages, I've mailed you the link two weeks ago. Good luck with it. Hope this will make it =) Had me at Cabin in the Woods ive wanted something like this for ages This user's account has been deleted. Sounds fantastic concept so pledged. Really hope you can make it. If you have time, I have 3 questions/suggestions as below: 1.What if the KS campaign doesn't make it? Would you continue with this project? 2.If the game is published, would you consider to provide other language versions? If yes please please include Chinese version and I can do the translation. 3.Is it possible to design more customizations for the players to choose before the game starts? I would like to see both survivors and the killer have a list of skills (Critical Hit, or run faster, or better listening skill to stop predator mode) that they can choose to customize their characters. This will brings thousands of (not only 5 killer types and 5 survivor types!) combinations and makes game very different in each play. Yes, I am a big fan of "variable players abilities system"!! Well backed this and wanted to say I hope this makes it. You need help with stuff shoot me a message on Twitter @plafulkatt Just backed! Can't wait to play this game. Thanks a lot for the response! First off I'm sorry if I came off confrontational or rude with my questions, as I'm sure my tone left something to be desired, but I/we can be wary of projects destined to fail from the get-go. It's good to see that this isn't the case, here! I think you should perhaps update the project's front page so that people know some of this information. The first and foremost being that you haven't yet assembled a team to create the game (nor found an investor/developer), but that the refunds will be offered if that is the case. I also think telling them your personal experience will really boost your crowdfunding appeal, because knowing the main brain behind a project has experience can set aside a lot of doubts, leaving folks feeling more reassured about pledging higher amounts. Also, it may help if you research that "The Hunted" game I mentioned earlier. While they don't operate on a survival class-system and the main objective is to find a series of keys to unlock their way towards a 'finishing line' of sorts, there are three different antagonists with quite different mechanics. It might help to anticipate some of the potential imbalances and design quirks you'll be up against, as well as potential first-wave abuses people may resort to in an attempt to win. Again, thanks for the prompt answer! Given you have not replied to my non-backer question, I guess I will post it here in hopes of a response : You say that your primary purpose for this kickstarter is to attract funding through an external source. Yet, how do you propose to fulfill the kickstarter promises if you manage to fund the game yet never find an investment company or developer to adopt your idea? From what you have written on your front page, the only workforce you have is yourself, as even your pitch video was created from donated art from friends. I have to ask a blunt question now : Do you even know how to code? Do you understand the sheer amount of work involved in such a project, and how rarely a single-person workforce actually completes these projects to the specifications they desire? What talents do you have, that can assure us that you are able to complete this project on your own if we fund it? Do you have plans to use this $50,000+ to hire programmers to complete the project if you cannot find external backing? If so, what are you going to do when (when, not if) problems arise, and your funding dries up while the project remains incomplete? Also consider the problems inherent in the genre. Multiplayer-only (or multiplayer centric) games have a playerbase that dies off very fast unless there is a consistent number of players at all times. High-quality games like Strike Vector are nearly devoid of players because there are so rarely any populated servers. Games like Contagion (a successful kickstarter project) have a fairly good quality and yet still suffer terribly from a lack of players, due to early access letting its core audience enjoy (and then burn out) on the experience, leaving the finished project a barren wasteland. While I love the idea (just like the game "The Hunted"'s attempt at this gameplay), I can only see an awful lot of red flags in this project. Hopefully you can clear some of them up, because kickstarter actually asks that you be able to fulfill your promises, and not on a "but only if somebody else buys the idea from me / does the work for me". :P Pledged, hope this very good idea will suceed, because i can't wait! :) pledged, hope this Project will succeed Love this idea and I believe in these guys. They are seasoned veterans in the gaming industry. Good luck Last Year, can't wait to play! Pledged! hope it goes far and is successful!!. I love this!!! I've wanted to play something like this for a very long time and I'm personally excited to see someone trying to get the attention of publisher/investor with this concept. Goodluck, you have my support!! Please people don't pledge towards this project in it's current state. This is not a developer, a studio or anyone who has made games before looking to make a game but a guy with an idea and someone he got to do concept art. This would be the same as me coming to you saying the same thing. I have watched countless kickstarter projects die or struggle to even be able to make the game they promised due to funding or issues along the way. He has no investment lined up and no studio lined up to do the work or any agreement to do it beyond funding. The idea is pretty interesting and until I read the above mentioned issue I was interested. If you want to try and make the game you should cancel now and to find investment(good luck) and a studio that would make a contract. If you back this you are essentially throwing your money away with a 1% or less chance of it happening. Pledged! Maybe you should consider posting a video of you talking more personally about the game ;-) Très bonne idée, je suis le projet et je sponsorise. Great concept so far. We hope the campaign will be successful! Amazing idea... that would probably benefit from a relaunch after a publisher/investor/programmers/an actual team is secured. (Not the other way around) After reading fully and noticing this is merely a concept designed as a proof to 'find' some theoretical future studio I lost pretty much any and all excitement I had. That's... not how you launch kickstarter games here. Without anything substantial or gameplay to show off (Which you won't have since this is merely concept) this isn't going to go very far. Such a shame because it looks and sounds like a bloody fantastic idea that I would definitely want to back and play. Love the strategy & cooperation concept. Let's get the ball rolling! I like the concept, so I backed this. though I can't say I'm keen on a 2 year wait. Even for an indie game, that's a long wait. Hopefully that will mean it'll be polished and pretty when it does come out. However, you should probably have more reward options TBH. Backed guys. I want this to become real. Good luck with the project. It looks really interesting! Awesome idea for a game. I hope your campaign is successful. Any plans to show off preliminary footage of assets, levels? Gameplay footage always helps to sell your idea to potential backers..