I want to thank each and every one of you backers for believing in this project. This Kickstarter campaign was amazing! If you're finding this after the Kickstarter ends, head on over to: <url>"Mac In Cloud". I'll show you exactly how to set it up on your PC! The Course This video course is the exact resource that I wish I had available when I first started. I spent so much time (over 4 months) just trying to find the right resource to start learning from. This course will save you all of that time searching so you can focus on what's important - actually learning! The course will all be available online or offline as a download. The course is split into three sections. In each one, you will build an entire app from scratch while learning the concepts behind them. Challenges along the way will make sure you understand what you're learning! Section #1 (Included in $25 & $49 rewards) ~~~ Introduction to Programming & Objective-C ~~~ I'll start off by giving you an introduction to programming and Objective-C (the programming language used to code iPhone apps). We'll use a lot of neat examples and analogies, so I'll be sure to make everything very clear and easy to understand. There will be a few challenges along the way for you to make sure you understand what you're learning. I'll go through each challenge's solution thoroughly. ~~~ Build Your First App ~~~ After that, you'll learn how to make your first iPhone app! I'll guide you through the process as you build a fun little app that you can immediately show off to your friends or family. *** BONUS *** As a bonus in Section 1, I'll include videos on these topics: How to Find a Great App Idea How to Validate Your App Idea Section #2 (Included in $49 reward) ~~~ Intermediate Topics & Your Second App ~~~ In Section #2 we'll dive into some deeper topics to extend your knowledge of iOS development. You'll still be building a complete app as we go along, so you'll get to see exactly what you're learning come to life! In addition, we'll begin to bring in some open-source libraries and I'll show you how to effectively use them in your apps. *** BONUS *** As a bonus in Section 2, I'll include videos on these topics: Why Use Open Source? Best Practices For Designing Apps The Best Tools For App Design How iOS 7 Has Changed The Game [And Many More!] Section #3 (Included in $49 reward) ~~~ Advanced Topics & Your Third App ~~~ In the final section, we'll go through building a more advanced application that will use a backend (everything that goes on behind the scenes) service called Parse. Parse is a really great service that is becoming massively popular. People with backend skills are highly sought after - I've even gotten a few job offers because I have backend coding experience. In addition, we'll dive deep into the possibilities of iOS development and the different opportunities available now that you have these skills. *** BONUS *** As a bonus in Section 3, I'll include videos on these topics: Opportunities In iOS Development What is Freelancing & Getting Your First Clients Finding A Profitable App Niche Getting a Full-Time Job as an iOS Developer [And Many More!] New Packages! The Entrepreneur Package is for those with the competitive drive to start earning money with their iPhone/iPad apps. If you follow the advice provided in this package, it will pay for itself quickly! The Designer Package is for those that believe in designing great apps to provide the user with the best experience possible. The Ultimate Package is for the people who are really excited about learning iPhone app development and want to get THE MOST out of the experience. This package provides the best of all worlds by giving you access to everything! Learn to create apps, design them, and make money with them! Follow the advice provided in this package and your users will get the best experience possible and it will pay for itself quickly! The $99 Price for this package will NEVER be available again, and it will increase by at least 3 times when the Kickstarter ends! Who am I and why am I making this course? Hi, I'm Taylor Beck! I develop apps professionally over at my consulting company, Beckbits, am the author of The iOS 7 App Design Guide, and run a blog over at taylorbeck.me where I talk about apps. I am creating this course because it is the exact resource I wish I had when I first started - fun, entertaining, and informative video tutorials; insightful challenges to make sure you understand the material; and actually building real apps while learning to see your newfound skills come to life. Hello everyone, This is the final update before the release of all of the content in just 2 days! This update is just to give you a short explanation of how things will go down on the 30th. First off, I'll be sending out an update on the 30th, which will give you a detailed explanation of the steps you will need to take to sign up and login to the course. Once you follow those steps, you will simply need to wait for a confirmation that your account has been verified and you will be ready to go with the course. After the initial wave of account verifications, I will begin to respond to all messages and clear up any questions I've received so far. *** The next time you will hear from me will be on the 30th, which is in 2 days from now. Make sure to check for the update then! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 25th, 2014. Today will be a short status update. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 New Updates #6 New Updates #7 *** I am now in the process of uploading all of the video content and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely uploaded, I will run final tests before the August 30th launch date. Currently, the content is nearly finished being uploaded and ready to go. It will all go live in just 5 days! *** The next update will go live on August 28th, 2014. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 22nd, 2014. Today's update will include a short status update and more information about the course. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 New Updates #6 *** I am now in the process of uploading all of the video content and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely uploaded, I will run final tests before the August 30th launch date. *** I will be responding to all of the messages I have received and not yet responded to once the course is launched and everything is stable. Currently, all of my energy is focused on making the entire course + bonus sections available. *** The next update will go live on August 25th, 2014. It will include more information on the course and a few samples. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 19th, 2014. Today's update will include more information about the course's content. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 *** I am now 1-2 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely finished, I will begin uploading it to be ready to go on the 30th. *** As for the next blog post that is coming out, it will be accessible after the full course is available. You will be updated with more specific information when it is close to being available. *** The next update will go live on August 22nd, 2014. It will include more information on the course. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, Here is the latest blog post and the first update in the new "Blog Posts" collection of updates: <url>"New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 *** I now estimate that I am 4-5 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. *** As mentioned before, a new blog post will be available today! The new blog post will help you determine which computer you need to begin learning iOS Development. Instead of posting a link to the post directly here in this update, I will be making a new collection of updates called "Blog Posts", which I will use to inform you about new blog posts, explain what each of them will be, and provide a link to the actual posts. You can expect to see today's "Blog Post" update in your inbox by 11:59PM PST today (August 16th, 2014). *** The next update will go live on August 19th, 2014. It will include more information on the course and the next blog post. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 13th, 2014. Today's update will include more information about the next blog post and a reminder of what is to come. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 *** I now estimate that I am 7 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014 . *** As mentioned before, a new blog post will be available on August 16th, which will feature a detailed guide on how to choose the right development machine for you. I will discuss the different options that are available to you, including advice based on specific budgets. The blog post will be centered around giving you very specific information and advice on exactly which computer is right for you. *** The next update will go live on August 16th, 2014. It will include a link to the upcoming blog post and more information on the course. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 10th, 2014. Today's update will feature screenshots from the course and information on an upcoming blog posts, where I will feature a detailed guide on how to choose the right development machine for you. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 *** I now estimate that I am 10 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th. For information on exactly what will be coming out on the 30th, please check the latest update , which displays a detailed list of what will go live. *** As we talked about in the latest update, here are a few screenshots of the course: This first screenshot comes from one of the chapters in the intermediate section of the course where we dive into data persistence: This second screenshot comes from when I begin to show you how to start finding open source projects for various uses. If you're thinking about collaborating with others on a project, then this will be exciting for you: *** In other news, one of the most common questions I received in the beginning of this Kickstarter campaign was, "What computer should I use/get?" If you still aren't exactly sure about which machine you should use for development, then I will be walking you through the pros and cons of all of the most common options. I will also provide you with my own thoughts and tips on getting the right machine for you. It doesn't have to cost you a large amount of money to just start making apps - in many cases you can start for close to free. This guide will come in the form of a blog post that will come out on Wednesday, August 16th, 2014, at 3:00pm. I will provide a link to it in the update that goes live on the same day. *** In the next update that will be posted on August 13th, we will talk more about the actual course content, including the videos and upcoming blog posts. Again, look out for the next update in 3 days! As a reminder, the full course will go live on August 30th, 2014. Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 7th, 2014. Today will be an update on the status of the course content. As mentioned in the previous update , the full course will be released on Wednesday, August 30th, 2014 (PST). I estimate that I am two weeks away from completion of all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on the 30th. Afterwards, I will be uploading and testing out all of the content in the course for about one week. The release of the course will come shortly afterwards on August 30th. As a reminder, here is what will be available on August 30th: *** On August 30th, here is exactly what will be available: - Fully completed 1st Section - Fully completed 2nd Section - Fully completed 3rd Section - Bonus Section: Making Money w/ iPhone Apps - Bonus Section: A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing iPhone Apps - Forums will go live again *** To refresh your memory on exactly what is included in each part of the course, please check out the main Kickstarter page . Here's what is coming in the next update: The next update will be available 3 days from now, so be sure to check your inbox on August 10th! On Sunday, August 10th, 2014, at 3:00pm PST the next update will be sent directly to your inbox. It will include updated information on the status of the course content and additional screenshots of the course! Hello everyone, First off, I want to assure everyone that this project is not a scam. This project was born out of the dream that I had to teach others to become iPhone app developers. Projects like this will occasionally take longer than expected, but things have gone out of control. This project proved to be more difficult than I previously expected. In this update I am going to explain everything that has happened, the steps I have taken towards the solutions, and why I have gone silent for almost 3 weeks. What Has Happened I originally planned for this project to be completed and available on May 31st, 2014. I updated you all about things taking 1 week longer and being fully available then. In that update, I believe that I did the correct thing and sent out a very detailed explanation of what happened and how I planned to fix everything. I then received a wave of support from you all because of my honesty and integrity. When we reached that week later, I updated you once more that there were more delays, but I did not provide anywhere near enough details about the status of the project. I believe that this is the point where this project started to spiral out of control. After that second delay, I began to post updates that did not include detailed enough information and were honestly confusing to follow. I did not keep an organized schedule of detailed updates, and I failed to deliver what was expected from me. Because of the mistakes I have made, I know that I have lost most, if not all credibility. I understand that it is difficult, or even impossible to trust me with this project now. You have very good reasons to no longer believe in me or this project, and any future community that I planned for us to build together. I could have prevented all of this from happening if I had just given you proper weekly updates. As I said, there will be no more excuses or lack of communication on my part. With that, here is exactly what is happening now: What Is Happening Now: The videos and other course content had two main issues: 1. The course content was not optimized and fully compatible. I have not correctly created the video files in the past and other course content in a way that would allow it to all run smoothly on the website. I have recently fixed these issues and have begun to recreate the course content over the last three weeks. 2. The course content's quality could be improved. As mentioned in #1, I began to recreate course content and see areas where things could be improved. Without adding delays to the launch date of August 30th, 2014, I am now improving the videos so that they are much better than they were. For additional information on the status of the course content, please read the next update coming out on August 7th. Now that I realize the effects that the mistakes I have made with creating this course and keeping you all informed have had on you all, I need to make things right and explain how I am going to fix things from here on out. Again, I realize that most of you no longer trust in me or believe I have any credibility, but I still want to make you aware of my plans. I know that I have not followed through with promised delivery dates in the past, and that this plan may appear to be just another cycle to you. Starting today, August 4th, 2014, I will be sending out a detailed update on the status of the project every 3 days. The next update after this one will go out on Thursday, August 7th at 3:00pm. On Wednesday, August 30th, 2014 , I will release the course to all of you without any excuses or misinformation that may lead to confusion. There will be no 'party,' 'Hangout,' or any other event that has proven to only hinder previous launch dates. I will only be launching the course to you all and providing simple and detailed instructions on how to access it. *** On August 30th, here is exactly what will be available: - Fully completed 1st Section - Fully completed 2nd Section - Fully completed 3rd Section - Bonus Section: Making Money w/ iPhone Apps - Bonus Section: A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing iPhone Apps - Forums will go live again *** The interviews and additional bonus sections will come shortly after, and you will all be updated on their statuses by August 30th. I apologize to all of you who have invested in this project and not seen any real results. You backed this project because you believed in it and wanted to learn how to make your own iPhone apps and start to change your life. Unfortunately, I have failed you and lost your trust. My goal and main priority is to earn your trust in the long term so that we can create the community that I believe many of us wished for. For many of you, I know that this will never happen. That is my fault, and something that I will always regret. In fact, I know that this may never be possible for all of you, but I am going to do everything I can to do hopefully earn your trust in the future. I know that this update and project will continue to receive negative feedback, but I am going to finish it and complete what I started. Hey everyone! It's a bright, sunny Tuesday afternoon here in San Diego, CA. My apologies go out to those who are dealing with extreme weather - I've seen quite a few intense pictures from relatives in other parts of the world lately. With this update, I'm talking about some important information that has recently been announced, and then we'll get right into last giveaway's winner and the next giveaway! Recent News As you may be aware, WWDC (Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference) is currently taking place in San Francisco between June 2nd - June 6th, 2014. That means today is the second day of the conference, and a lot of interesting information has been announced in just the first day. So far we've seen things like iOS 8 updates, use of a new programming language called Swift, and a variety of cool additions and announcements to Apple's lineup. I've been getting a lot of questions about what this means for this course. Currently, the answer is nothing immediately. First of all, I am waiting until the conference is completely over to do a lot more research about the new technologies that were announced. I need to make sure I completely understand it all before giving my complete thoughts on what's new. I also am not updating or changing the course in anyway until I know what's best for all of you first. Any necessary updates will definitely be made down the road, but you can be assured that nothing major will change until I know how to include it into the course in the most beneficial way possible. The Course I've never had more fun 'working' on anything before in my life. I absolutely love working on this course and (hopefully) making it the best possible experience for you. I've also learned A LOT about creating a series of training videos like these, which will definitely help in future updates and (*hint hint*) potential future courses. The remake of the videos are coming right along, and I feel that they are even better than before! They are all recorded in full HD quality, so you'll be able to see them on any screen. Last Giveaway's Winner As you remember from the last update, I held the first giveaway which included a package of some pretty neat stuff. Well, we had over 100 entries to the giveaway, and I used a random number generator to choose the first lucky winner. The winner of the Re-Launch Week Giveaway #1 is... <url>#2 If you didn't win this time around, there are quite a few more chances, so let's dive right into today's giveaway: Today's giveaway includes: - 32GB Mini Flash Drive You really can never have enough flash drives around. I use plenty of them constantly. This drive contains 32GB of storage and is extra small, with a sturdy metal finish. I love these things. - Black Lanyard This is meant to by tied onto the flash drive to make carrying it around easier. - Black Microfiber Cloth I absolutely hate having a dirty screen on my desktop, laptop, and mobile devices. That's why these microfiber cloths are necessary for device cleaning. No more smudged up monitors, people! Anyway, that's it for this giveaway. The rules are the exact same as yesterday to enter. Simply comment on this update and you will be automatically entered to win today's giveaway! The winner will be announced tomorrow! PS. What do you think is the most exciting thing to come out of WWDC so far. My money is on Swift if it can really improve our lives as much as they promise! DAY #1 of Re-Launch Week Ok, so let's follow up the last update about all of the shenanigans with some good news and the first giveaway! The Good News Things are going great! I'm ahead of schedule on the videos, and am preparing for the Re-Launch Party on June 7th, 2014, at 12:00pm. After last week's fiasco with the videos, I've saved everything properly, backed EVERYTHING up (3 TIMES), and am much less sleep deprived. It's amazing what a good night's sleep can do. I'm about 25% of the way through the videos in Section One of the course, so everything is on track to being ready for Re-Launch Day on June 7th! It's so amazing that we are SO close to finalizing this project after just a couple months. The Kickstarter campaign was so much fun, and getting to know a lot of your stories has really made this the best year ever so far. So this update goes out to you - the fans. You backed the Kickstarter project. You followed along. You supported this idea and wanted to start making your own iPhone apps. That is some seriously amazing support, and I can't thank you enough! On that note, let's get right into today's giveaway! Giveaway #1 As I mentioned in the last update, this week and the Re-Launch Party come with a lot of giveaways. To kick things off, we're starting with a simple, yet awesome combo of accessories: Here's everything that's included in Giveaway #1: - iPad Mini Case (White) [iPad Mini not included] This thing is really cool. I use the same exact one and absolutely love it. It has three adjustable stationary positions, swivels 360 degrees, and is really sturdy. It's protected my iPad Mini dozens of times, and is the perfect case for me. It has a leathery feel to it, and has an elastic band to lock it in place when closed. - Apple-ish Style USB Hub Do you ever run out of USB slots on your computer? I do, all of the time! That's why I need USB Hubs like this to give me those extra few slots for additional peripherals. Plus, this one comes with an Apple-ish design that fits nicely next to your iMac, Macbook, or really any Apple device. - Apple Wall Charger This is the official Apple USB wall charger. Pretty standard stuff. - Apple USB Lightning Adapter This is the official Apple Lightning Adapter for charging and connecting your devices. Also pretty standard stuff. All of these will be shipped to you for FREE worldwide! But how do you win? How to win this giveaway: The rules are simple. All you have to do is comment on this update! That's it. Commenting on this update will automatically enter you to win this giveaway. When I write tomorrow's update (roughly 24 hours from now), I will take all of the names of people who comment and randomly select one to win this giveaway. I will announce the winner in the next update, and will contact them about shipping details. Here's a link directly to the update post so you can leave a comment now! Scroll down on the update to this comment box and leave your comment. Then press "Post Comment": Commenting more than once will NOT give you extra entries. Only 1 entry per person. That's it! I wish you all luck and hope you have an amazing day. Looking forward to the rest of the week! PS. We had a great discussion about WWDC on the group's Facebook Page . What do you think Apple will announce this year? Hey there, I just received a massive number of messages from people wanting access to The Ultimate Package after seeing that the spots were sold out. In response, I have opened up spots for The Ultimate Package for the very last hour of the Kickstarter campaign! If you would like to upgrade to The Ultimate Package, then do so right now! This offer will NEVER be available ever again!!! If you would like to upgrade to The Ultimate Package: Simply click the "Manage Your Pledge" button: Then update your pledge amount to $99. This will make your total pledge amount equal to $99 and will NOT add $99 to your original pledge: Then select The Ultimate Package, hit the "Continue to next step" button, and hit "Confirm": That's it! You're ready to go! You have only 1 hour to get this offer, and then it will be gone forever! Hey everyone! We're live with the Q&amp;A Session #2!!! Click the link below and join the fun! <url>#2 ! I will be answering EVERY question you have about the Learn iPhone App Development Course, programming, mobile apps, and any other topic you can think of. These Q&amp;A sessions are a lot of fun and we discuss a lot of amazing topics, so be sure to sign up for the Q&amp;A session by clicking this link: <url>"Yes" button: The Q&amp;A Session will be start on March 30th (today!) at 12:30pm Pacific Time. Check this chart for the location in your timezone to see when the Q&amp;A Session starts for you: I can't wait to see you there! Reserve your spot: <url>"Making Money with iPhone Apps" &amp; "A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing Apps" to be added to the course . I also realize that many people only want one of the potential additional sections to the course, and I believe that I've found the perfect solution: I've spent many hours putting together these new packages, creating the artwork, and planning out each and every step for implementing them because I really want to offer you the best experience possible. I want to suit this course to your specific needs so that you get the most value out of it. Three new reward levels: The Designer Package is for those that believe in designing great apps to provide the user with the best experience possible. The Entrepreneur Package is for those with the competitive drive to start earning money with their iPhone/iPad apps. If you follow the advice provided in this package, it will pay for itself quickly! The Ultimate Package is for the people who are really excited about learning iPhone app development and want to get THE MOST out of the experience. This package provides the best of all worlds by giving you access to everything! Learn to create apps, design them, and make money with them! Follow the advice provided in this package and your users will get the best experience possible and it will pay for itself quickly! To upgrade to any of these packages, simply click the "Manage Your Pledge" button: Then update your pledge to reflect which package you would like: Then select the package you want, hit the "Continue to next step" button, and hit "Confirm": As always, thank you all so much for the support! I am so incredibly excited to get started and I hope you can't wait! If you've read to this far, please go ahead and leave a comment about why YOU are excited about learning to create iPhone apps. Hey there! I'm here to inform you that we now have our very own Facebook group for members of the Learn iPhone App Development course! Join now: <url>~~~ Announcement ~~~ A lot of people had specific situations and reasons for wanting to learn iPhone app development, so I wanted to give everyone a chance to have a 1 on 1 chat with me to answer any questions you might have individually. So I've created an Ohours account where you can sign up to have a 30 minute Skype chat with me about anything. Sign up for a 1 on 1 chat here: <url>"Learn iPhone Development Q&amp;A". Any questions emailed to me prior to the Hangout are likely to be answered first! My email: <email> *** BONUS for those that stick around until 11:00am PST *** At 11:00AM PST (when the Hangout officially ends) I'll be making a special announcement for something I will be providing that you will not want to miss! Make sure to stick around to the end! Thanks Again! Anyway, I'm so incredibly excited that we reached the 75 backer goal! I seriously can't believe the support this course is getting here on Kickstarter! You are amazing! I woke up today just like any other day. But today was much different... Because when I checked the Kickstarter page I found out that we have successfully funded the "Learn iPhone App Development" course! We're now sitting at $2,182 and 46 backers ! Wow! So now what? So now that we've reached 100% funding, is that it? Nope! I've spent over 20 hours researching different Kickstarter projects and how they went about things like stretch goals. Most of them focus on getting a certain dollar ($) amount raised, but I find that to be not really beneficial to you, the backer of the project. You are the reason that this course is even being created, so everything I do should be in your best interest, right? Well, that's the way I see it, so I've thought long and hard about how to make a stretch goal that completely focuses on benefitting the backers, and I think I've found a great idea. This course will be accessible online through a website that I am currently setting up (pictures of that to come soon). One major part of it will be the forums where you can get answers to your specific questions and share your thoughts. I am really looking to build a strong community here, because great things happen when like-minded people come together! That is why the first stretch goal is to reach 75 backers ! Once we reach that goal, I will hold a LIVE Question &amp; Answer session through Google Hangouts. The Q&amp;A session will be live - you will be able to come into the Hangout and ask me any questions you have. I will answer any specific questions you have, record it, and post it for everyone who isn't able to join the Hangout to see later. I've been getting a lot of questions from many backers, and I know that a live hangout will be a lot of fun. I can't wait to meet you and answer your questions! How can you help? Share the link below with anyone you know who has talked about their app ideas and might be interested in learning how to build them. <url>~Taylor WOW! It's been only 2 days and we are already over the 90% mark. I seriously can't believe this! This is amazing! Thank you! I'd also like to give you an update on the audio recording for the course. I'll be using two main microphones, so here are some examples of what they sound like: ATR 3350 Lav Mic - For showing myself on screen or while I'm out and about. I'm noticing a bit of static in the background, which I'm working on nullifying for real recordings. ATR 2100 Condenser Mic - For recording myself talking while explaining things on screen (Unfortunately, the mini Soundcloud players cannot be embedded - as far as I know) Thank you, thank you, thank you! We're already at over 25% in funding in under 24 hours! I'm completely blown away! I had no idea that this would happen so fast and I'm so excited to get this project started. The upcoming updates will feature a lot more of what is to come, so stay tuned and have a great day! Please see the latest updates for information on the status of the course: Update #1: <url>#2: <url>#34) for information on accessing the course. @Everyone - If you are asking for a refund, please send me a message directly on Kickstarter. That is the only way that I am currently processing refunds. If you have commented here after my latest comment, please send me a direct message with your refund request, and I will process it for you. If you have commented here earlier than 7 days before this comment, you will need to send me a direct message to receive a refund. Again, you must send me a direct message for a refund. For all other questions, feel free to email me. Thanks! For any future questions about refunds, please contact me directly because it will allow me to process them quicker. Thank you. Also, if you have a question about the process of uploading of the content, there is a specific thread in the forums dedicated to those questions, which I am happy to answer. Thanks, and best wishes to you all. @Fuad @Donna @Boram @Richard @Arthur @Connor - You have been added to the list, and will be notified when these have been proocessed. @Larry - Yes, that is what I have explained in my updates about the availability of the content. Your refund has been processed. @Dennis @John @Vatsal - Your refunds have all been processed. Thanks for following along this far, and I wish you the best! @Neil - Great idea, Neil! I respect that you want a straight answer and will give you one. The answer to your question is "Yes!" In fact, you definitely seem like you're onto my plans for the course. The options to either view all of the videos online or download them all at once will both be available on July 4th. Here is a link to more information about that: <url>#32 has a lot of information, which just recently went out so you may have not had a chance to see it yet. Definitely go ahead and read that for more information about the plans. As I have mentioned and showed many times, refunds will be processed without a problem. That being said, I have processed a complete refund to you (you will see instructions sent to your email address). Thanks, and I wish you the best! @Greg - The reason for breaking down the content into batches is to make sure the site functions properly and to catalog any issues the members are currently have with the site, which has helped me stop any bugs that may affect a greater number of people later. Once I have made sure of this, the rate will increase and the videos will all be available shortly after. I have more detail that explains this in the last two Kickstarter updates. Thanks, and let me know if you have anymore questions. Also, there is a schedule of the newest content here: <url>#latest I'll continue to update that post throughout this process. @Summer - As I have always stated, I will refund you without any issues. That being said, I have processed a full refund to you, Masakazu Handa, (you should receive an email with details) for your pledge. @Greg - The reason for adding more details about the uploading process in the forums in a specified discussion is because I am able to continue to edit and re-edit the scheduled times for the next batch of content each day. Major updates on Kickstarter will still be coming out, but those are only editable for 30 minutes after posting them. There are actually no more delays. Kickstarter still is the primary way I use to reach out to everyone - the forums are for very specific information posted by me to members of the course, unique and already incredibly intriguing conversations (In the "General" category, there is currently an amazing discussion going on where people are talking about the apps they want to build). As I said, you will still be receiving overall updates through Kickstarter - the forums are a great place for members that want to have very specific questions answered in great detail. You don't necessarily have to follow along on the forums. They are available to the members that want to use them. Thank you for sharing your thoughts about this - Kickstarter updates will continue to be posted with great detail to explain most overall things about the project. @Greg - Please check out this discussion in the forums: <url>#30, as it explains how I am taking care of the issues. I am currently in the process of making sure any issues that I was not formerly in control of never have a chance of happening again. Please don't hesitate to send another message about specific issues. Thanks! @Vatsal - Great idea! I have fixed the issues with the videos, which are all currently ready. As mentioned in Update #30, please check out how the 'fix' will work! @Matthias - I verified that all of your questions and comments to me were answered. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and sending me a direct message here on Kickstarter! @Richard - Yep! Any questions like yours have been answered (through Update #30 and other direct messages). Thanks for making sure to ask! @Sanath - Thanks! I have taken care of the updates and have responded to everyone's questions. @Norman - You are very right. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. It is often hard to see the reality of the situation. @Greg - It looks like everything has been settled with the questions you had. Let me know if there are any more that you would like me to answer! @Agis - No more waiting periods! Check out Update #30 for more information that elaborates on this more! @Patrick - Great question! This has been answered in the latest update, but a quick summary is that the Section 1 videos will be available this evening and you will receive a detailed update before then! @Maciek - I'm not quite sure if I understand your question completely. Can you elaborate on it with more information that you're looking for? Thanks! @Pamela - Yep! An email will be sent out after an update with more detailed instructions is posted for everyone! @Richard - The latest update explains the issues regarding your question. In summary, there were some problems with the hosting provider, and they are being dealt with. @Neil - Any bugs with the forums should be fixed. Thanks for letting me know about this! Once your forum account is approved, you will be able to use it freely. @Keith - Partially. The videos for Section 1 will be available later this evening. @Nick - An email will be sent out to you after a detailed update is sent out. Great question! Make sure to check out the updates in the meantime. @Agis - Check out the very latest update I posted (#30), where your question is answered and then some. It does a much better job of explaining access to the course than I can here. @Ronnie - Thanks for the kind words. I do appreciate it! @Everyone - Check out Update #30 for the latest news and answers to your questions! <url>érôme - And thank you for believing in this project! I am making sure everything is as perfect as possible! @Richard - Fantastic! Thanks Richard. This community is the best, and the journey is going to be amazing! @Neil - Great! I can't wait until everything launches! @Ravi - Thanks, but it's really all thanks to the backers. They believed in this project. @Stephen - That's an impressive background you have there! Great work so far! If you've already been able to pick up programming so far, then you'll be ahead - this course should be completely fine for you. Fantastic work so far! @Matthias - In late May! @Gonçalo - Ok, that sounds great! You can contact me by email or message here anytime with your ideas! The course will launch in late May! @Zamburak - Ok, great! Those interviews will definitely be very valuable to you! Great question about Objective-C. If you're not familiar with programming, Objective-C is a relatively complex. In this course, I will break everything down step-by-step to make sure you understand everything, so don't worry about that right now! @Paul - You called it! @Wilfred - It's great to have you on board. Youtube can be great to figure out small, specific things, but this course will give you everything in one place. An "alumni" type of page will definitely be available, because I would hope that some of you might partner up on projects down the road. I will also be featuring 'students'' apps, and I have a few more plans that I'll be announcing soon! @George - I'm excited that you're ready and enthusiastic about learning! I am definitely ready to get going! One thing to note is that the money won't come in immediately, but if you put in the work and really implement the strategies in this course, then income will start to generate and it will be one of the best feelings ever! @Gabriel - Great question! First off, realizing what your goal is and taking action (ie. purchasing this course) is the first step towards changing your life. Then as you start to learn you will realize that you are understanding small concepts and the little things will begin to make sense. Then those little things will add up to big things and open doors that you never knew existed. If you are tech savvy already, then that will help as you go along! Learning app development might seem like a far stretch now, but it is one big goal that can be broken down into smaller goals, which is what we do in the course. @Gabriel - Thanks for sharing that with me, Gabriel. I understand what it's like to struggle with lazy behavior. In this course I will do my best to motivate each and every one of you to push through and learn everything! If a member of this course went on to develop a hit app, then that would be thanks to the hard work and time that they invested in themselves. I'm just providing a learning resource to build a platform with. @Neil - That's an awesome goal! I've seen that project and I think some really interesting things are going to happen with it and the community surrounding it! This course (and especially The Ultimate Package) will give you the solid foundation you need to start developing apps that will integrate things like MetaWear! @Joseph - Ok, great! Wow, so you have a nice situation and a relatively solid goal! That's amazing. First of all, if you're surrounded by developers (at your app company), then this will be much easier for you because they'll hopefully be able to help out along the way. I definitely know what you mean by investing in yourself, growing your skill set, and being rewarded for it - it's what I've learned to do everyday. Of course, and seriously: congratulations on taking that first step to investing in a better future. I really look forward to hearing how things go for you! @Pavandip - Awesome! The Ultimate Package includes A LOT of content. To break it down, the 3 main sections of the course are already going to be many, many hours. It's too hard to put an exact number on it right now (I'm still building the course), but it will take you a GOOD amount of dedication each day to get through the course. Then you have the two bonus sections, which are incredibly lengthy by themselves. I'm packing them with as much valuable content as possible. On top of that, the interviews are going to be around 30mins - 1hr each, and you'll be able to access those are you please. @Alcide - Thanks! And that's the goal! @Ma - Awesome! Thanks, and will do! @Waqar - Welcome, and get ready for the journey! It's going to be a lot of fun! @Alvin - That's a fantastic idea! I'll be looking into that for the next Q&A session! @Shubham - Thanks, and congratulations on taking that step! The course will come out in middle to late May. I can't wait to see you there! @Robert - Perfect! I know you got my personal messages, but I also want to say thanks for creating an account to sign up for the course! @Abdul - Great! Get ready for learning how to create your own iPhone apps, design them well, and sell them effectively! @steve-o - You definitely won't! And welcome! @Alvin - First off, I'm glad you went up to the Ultimate Package. It truly is the best of all worlds - with the entire main course on learning how to create your app ideas, a full step-by-step video tutorial on designing an entire app, a complete guide to making money with apps, and the interviews with professional developers, designers, and those making a living with their iPhone apps. What specifically would make the course "worth it" to you? @Han - Haha, great point, Han! I am putting every inch of my spirit into this project, and that release time frame is realistic for providing the best possible course for you all. @Κώστας Παπικινός - The full course will be up and available started in middle to late May. After that, you will be able to access it 24/7 around the world! If you're already working a lot of hours and only have a small window of time to access the course, then this will be perfect for you. @Xylinder - Thanks for following along with the project! Sure thing! "Too good to be true" - wow, thank you! I really appreciate the kind words. I can assure you that this is 130% true, as I'm working on the website as I'm writing this comment! =] @Abdul - If you change your pledge to $99, it will be as if you're adding $50 to your original pledge. So everything works out in the background and your total pledge will be $99. Let me know if you need anymore help! @Kevonne - Awesome! I'm glad you're excited! The $99 package (AKA The Ultimate Package) is $99 total. So if you already pledged $49, then you would change your pledge amount to $99 and then select "The Ultimate Package". So it would come out as $49 + $50 --> $99. The post linked below shows how to upgrade at the bottom: <url>"Mac In Cloud" if you have a PC. I'll update the project with more information about that! @Richard - You will need an Apple Developer Account if you would like to test the apps on your own devices or publish them to the App Store. If you don't have an account, you can use the iOS Simulator, which will work fine for this course, too. Let me know if you have anymore questions! Bloody Thief, i know there is 0,000001% chance you (Taylor) show up here again. Believe in karma which will be brought upon you in this life or the next for stealing money from 656 backers! Commenting this fwd is useless, he hasnt connected to this account since 2015, so, sad but nothing to expect from the creator. Just taints the whole platform. Taylor, are you a man or a worm ? I want my money back ? Is there any way I'll be able to get my 100$ back. Because so far I believe I have been patient enough. I took free classes and have been able to learn to develop ios apps by myself without the promised help from Taylor. Taylor, if you're reading this, I'd like to be refunded the exact amount that I've paid for your kickstarter project. You failed to deliver, although you had such promising plans. In sorry to see you fail, but nonetheless I urge you to refund my pledge in full. I just want my money back I'm sick of these campaigns which are just a scam. Promising stuff to people who believed in them and leaving after with all the money. I just want my money back I'm sick of these campaigns which are just a scam. Promising stuff to people who believed in them and leaving after with all the money. @steve, So you say, that's probably why his dad replied to me with wanting all my contact information, down to my work phone number when I ran down and contacted him about his sons failure to deliver. Like I was in the wrong. And then they ship him off to Ohio........ Guys, I understand how you must all be feeling. Please be patient with Taylor, he's made many mistakes and I know first hand how horrible it feels to be promised something in return for your money and it never coming to fruition. However he comes from a really great, loving family who want to help him out of this situation. His intentions were not malicious, he just got in a bit too deep and lost his way. I hope he can work through this and recover - he is not a bad person. God bless the Becks, I'm sorry for what you've had to endure throughout this experience. I gave up on this guys, but I don't want to give up. Is there any type of legal action we can do? We weren't given a promised product! This is totally unfair! Twitter: gabemstr <url>"easy monies" as the latter campaign creator says. Food for thoughts. and despite backing 10s of campaigns here, I have steered away since. It might be backing, a risk/gamble, not a purchase platform, agree with all of it, yet, when scamming runs rampant you need to reassess the benefits, especially when you get your pledge 2-3-4yrs after, when the technology has already become obsolete... ;) We want our money back, Taylor!! You can not hide from this... Looks like he in now in Ohio and not San Diego anymore. Must be nice to run away with people's hard earned $$. He logged on Oct 26 just to remove his profile pic that sly mother fcker Where's my Refund Taylor Beck? You POS Dear Matthias Thank you so much for facilitating the access to John Bura's courses and please forward a huge thank you to John I have completely given up ever getting a refund from Taylor or Kickstarter and access to these courses is very much appreciated. Thanks again for all your efforts I can't find it, won't load up? @Faisal click on the Updates link. Scroll down to August 2014. Click on the post called New Updates. I cant seem to find the link for John Bura's courses. Hi Everybody. You will probably remember that back in November last year, a guy by the name of John Bura learned of our plight in regard to Taylor's massive failure to deliver this course or refund most people their money. John launched similar kickstarter courses and wanted to help by transferring us to his kickstarter campaign for free. Unfortunately kickstarter refused this. John's courses were later successfully funded and have been taken by the students. John's courses are on Udemy and and he has kindly offered 9 of them to us free of charge! This offering is only for us, backers of Taylor's kickstarter, so please don't share the links otherwise some people may miss out. I have copied the course links to one of the "backer only" posts which means the public won't be able to see them. If you want to take one or all of the courses the links can be found in the comments of the "August 5, 2014 -- New Updates" post. A huge thanks to the kindheartedness of John Bura. Getting closer Taylor, US Justice condemned another crowdfunded project's owner to pay back $54,000 in retribution. <url>… .. ] ..' Wtf??! Just sent him the below, feel free to join the party everyone. @WoodyFanFiction: @tagabek hey nut job you blocked me fast enough, how about refunding me as well, and the hundreds of others you've stolen from #thief And now I've been blocked from his Twitter profile...that was fast...wonder why my refund is taking long. Btw this tit that's called TBeck is still active. He just sent me private Twitter message asking me to join some new social networking "thing". I wish I lived in the USA, I'd book leave from work just to pay him a nice long visit! If anybody has ever read a short story by Roald Dahl regarding a company called Vengeance is mine inc. Kickstarter it, I'll be the first backer! status on refunds? Its funny that between March and June 2014 Taylor backed the following Project. Maybe he was backing it to rip it off but couldn't do it in time... Bloody Pathetic! <url>’s what you or your business can learn from this case, so that crowdfunding does not become your “Doom:” Keep your promises when crowdfunding. If you promise rewards, give them. If you promise refunds, provide them. Use the money raised from crowdfunding only for the purpose represented. If you collect money for a specified project, like creating a board game, use the money only for that purpose. Don’t use it for personal purposes or to start another project.' Maybe some of the US based Backers can get guidance for filling online form for non-US based backers ? appreciated. <url>"To file a complaint in English or Spanish, visit the FTC’s online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). The FTC enters complaints into Consumer Sentinel, a secure, online database available to more than 2,000 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad." Its 'Refund' time or 'Get Busted' time for campaign owners like you. Food for thought Taylor, running away from crowdfunding campaign promises IS getting people in trouble, FTC is starting to chase campaign creators that are reported as fraudster. <url>… <url>#.VMkRkmjF-K4 I just read through the rules. Sounds like we need representation (ie lawyers) to settle this case. Kickstarter releases themselves of any liability. Please send me my refund. How many days after no activity is this project considered not completed? still nothing... Still waiting for my $79 Hey talyor! whats up? Haven't got my money on my paypal account yet! Refund my $99 to m.hammerschmid@fh-krems.eu @Brad Donbach. Brad it IS a requirement, as listed in the Terms Of Use which I will quote below: www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012?country=US " A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. " So, yes TAYLOR IS OBLIGATED TO REFUND since he did not complete his project! Still waiting for my $99 refund, Taylor!! I just sent an PM and requested a refund! This user's account has been deleted. Hello Taylor, I've waited several months now for you to come forward but you missed the chance. Please refund my pledge immediately. D. It really is just disgusting what he did, I'd forgotten about this until the other day and still nothing, maybe a new year a new Taylor... I wouldn't count on it! It's pointless me asking for a refund from him isn't it, he'll just ignore me! Well i hope everyone worthy (everyone except Taylor) had a good Christmas if you celebrate it and a lovely new year. Hey taylor, a half year later I still want my money back! Refund my pledge of 99$ --> m.hammerschmid@fh-krems.eu Taylor is a crook. I have requested several times for refund. He won't even knowledge my emails. Michael Abel. I have also requested a refund numerous times, in both comments and direct messages to Taylor, to no avail. I have also added my name to lists that other contributors have put together similar to the one you have. Please add my name to teh list in hopes that we get our wel deserved refund with interest. I want my money back as well. It's been way too long for a project like this and you have yet to reply to any of my emails. Hey Taylor, why don't you man up and give everyone a Christmas present. Their $$ back. How do you sleep at nite. Hey guys. I don't have the power to take any legal action against him. But here is the website that tells you all his details, including phone and address. <url>’s therefore important that all the backers that requested a refund, can be contactable. Here is the updated list (the “*” means that I have your email address). Those without an “*” can email me at <email> Abdul Rahim* Abhishek Kaul Adam Davis Adam Gould* Agis Soleas Alberto Gallocchio* Alcide Serreti Alexander Fairytale Alfredo Viegas * Amanda Alissa Andreas Pockberger Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Bader Alshaibani Basoeki Gondo Bass Goh Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer blughst43* Boram Kim* Brad Magri-Olson* Brian Moore Bruce Yang C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carla Wilkins* Carlo Piu Carlson Smith* Carmine Coppola Cedric Janssens Chops* Christian Incognito Christoph Lenger Chuck Cleary Connor Young Curt Stevens Dale Parsan Dave Unger David Bissonnette* David Chin Shong David Collette David Korff David Maciag Dean Wyborn Derek Toletti Dmitry N Don Swee Donna Martello* Dorian Sharman dunand* Eddie Leung Ellen Eric Kraan Faisal Sheikh Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Francisco Pestana De Vasconcelos Fuad Abri Gareth Bolton* Garrett Lambert George Apostolopoulos Guinness428f Gurpreet Singh Han* Harpreet Ian Steward Irwan Shahrin Ismail Jacky Chen JAMES PARTIN* james7ee* JayKay Jeff Leonor Jeff Summers Jennifer Crowther Jérôme de Boeck Jesse* Jesus* Jethro Kuan John Stoner jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama Juan Raul Santana Juan Raul Santana kalvin chia Keith W. Davis* Ken Kia Zokaei kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon* Leo Carcamo Loic Rouquie Luc Vos Luca Mora Malte Thießen Mamta Datwani Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes* Mark Sexton Marko Aamunkajo Matt Healy Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Max Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Michael Amogan Michael Cordero* Michael Hammerschmid* Michael Lattanzi Jr. Michael Morgan Mitchell P. Ramos mohammed busher naim Narendra Lohokare* Norman Davis Omaer Osman EL-BABA Panupong Tungudomcharoen Paul Martin Peter* Petko Delchev Ramon Urrutia* Raul Sanchez Jr Ravi Rex Balingit* Ric Matthews Richard Nickels Rick* Rick Jones Robert Brehmer Robert Mans Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed* Salvi Becca Sam Decanio Samish Sanath Punchibandage scary cow* Scott Cole Shawn Foster Shu Sinicha Watanavekin Stefan Schintler Stefan Simmerstatter steve mueller Steve Rice Steve Scremin* steve-o Stijn Scheepers stilgar99 Sungyoung Kim Tay Wen Hao Tenzin Kalden Terry Spangler Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde* Thomas Pinataro Thomas Smith Tim Hartwig Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H* Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vivek Kiranji Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Waqar Hussain Wendell Beverly Wilfred Wong Wilondja Muyoma XPid Yagnesh Sundar Yann Zasse You should therefore register your complaint at the California AG <url>| c 614.579-7937 @LWalsh on Twitter 225 Broadway, San Diego CA 92101 @Amanda: Kicktraq is just a site that tracks Kickstarter projects. It is not another crowd funding platform. In regard to a refund have a look through the comments below, I know it will take a while because there are so many but at least one person was able to recoup their money from their credit card company. A few of us have also lodged complaints with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov and it would help the cause if you could as well. If you are close to San Diego there is the option to take Taylor to the Small Claims Court. He has over $100,000 of people's money- look at how much he raised here too - <url>’s outcome regarding a creator, in this case we have hundreds of proof, written of non-compliance to Kickstarter ToS. With this in mind can a creator be banned from ever using Kickstarter again ? If Yes, what are the triggers ? surely this disdain for 200+ backers’ request for refund, or produce a result for that matter, should have a value of some sort. I have myself supported 34 successful campaign, with a 84.71% completion and near completion success rate, I can say I am getting quite savvy as a supporter, this project is however wayyyy out of bound, with clear violations of regulations, if not Kickstarter’s then local country law. Looking forward to your feedback, Reply from Kickstarter re projects transferance: Hi Xxxxx, Thank you for your message. Unfortunately, Kickstarter is not able to facilitate any transference of pledges form one project to another. You will need to work this out directly with the project creators. Best Wishes, Melissa. Sooo, no help from Kickstarter, to facilitate. After backing 34 projects and getting 84.71% of the rewards, so far, I shouldnt have doubts about Kickstarter and the campaigns, but I definitely get pickier now. As for Taylor, it is certain he ran away with the money, be it planned ahead or not is beyond the point for now, but, the legal charges have been applied and will stick. I am also discussing with a web developer's group to have artists like these extensively listed on a dedicated website, for all kickstarter and IndieGOGO scams be it ongoing or completed campaign. Maybe we should make a campaign for it, anyone interested in forming a group to take on this challenge ? We should make Taylor beck memes lol. It might get as popular as the alex from target mail sent to Kickstarter Support to add to the mass request for transfer. Taylor refund my pledge!!! Thank you Matthias! I got to Taylor early in this project, he said he would give me a refund and hasn't obviously. I just want some sort of compensation. I'm a uni student - I'm poor. I knew that kickstarter was a gamble and that delivered projects may not be all that I was hoping for BUT I at least expected some sort of product. Even a reasonable attempt. As many others have stated 'I could have employed a person from India to make a full course for 5K and it would at least be passable' he could have kept the rest as profit and escaped Scott free. The idiocy exhibited by Taylor is ridiculous. And if nothing else, my $100 has payed for the lesson that Kickstarter makes a percentage off these projects and has no incentive to hold creators accountable. @matthias Thank you so much. Your effort has really been appreciated. I'd fund you on kickstarter just to say thank you. @Matthias thanks for the continuation on helping us out this has dragged on too long. So what's the latest on the matters? just read some of the comments on here about transferring to another project? I had send Taylor a refund note on paypal I have yet to receive any notice? but I guess if there's something that can be done with going to another project yeah i'd be happy to join as well. @Tung Kae Yueh. I am still waiting for a reply from kickstarter if they can do the transfer for us. If you send them an email it might help. So how can i transfer? Thanks Matthias Nolte and John Bura for everything =) i would like to transfer to John Bura's project instead of wasting time in follow this shit Taylor. complained in ic3 I need my money back !!!!!! Please help here !!!! <url>… Objective-C beginner course for iOS 7 (60 videos) <url>… Sent the following to Kickstarter: Dear Natalie, THE BAD NEWS Re. <url>~Taylor IC3 file created also, file number provided to Europol. Taylor, your move. Taylor, I believe you are trying to burry your head in the sand, this works only for certain animals, not human, and certainly not on Kickstarter anymore. All the backers are urging you to action their refund requests as per your own agreement to us all, failure to do so will most certainly result in a much much more difficult scenario, for U. <url>érôme de Boeck Jesse Jesus Jethro Kuan John Stoner jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Keith W. Davis Ken Kia Zokaei kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Loic Rouquie Luc Vos Luca Mora Malte Thießen Mamta Datwani Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Mark Sexton Marko Aamunkajo Matt Healy Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Max Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Michael Morgan Mitchell P. Ramos mohammed busher naim Narendra Lohokare Norman Davis Omaer Osman EL-BABA Panupong Tungudomcharoen Paul Martin Peter Petko Delchev Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Ravi Rex Balingit Ric Matthews Richard Nickels Rick Rick Jones Robert Brehmer Robert Mans Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Salvi Becca Sam Decanio Samish Sanath Punchibandage scary cow Scott Cole Shawn Foster Shu Sinicha Watanavekin Stefan Schintler Stefan Simmerstatter steve mueller Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o Stijn Scheepers stilgar99 Sungyoung Kim Tay Wen Hao Tenzin Kalden Terry Spangler Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Thomas Smith Tim Hartwig Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vivek Kiranji Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Waqar Hussain Wendell Beverly Wilfred Wong Wilondja Muyoma XPid Yann Zasse @everyone. This list was compiled from comments posted here and under Taylor's updates since July 1. It's purpose is to help Taylor be aware of how may people he owes, to highlight the fact that there are many angry people and hopefully to make it easier for Taylor to track and process refunds. If you want to be added to this list: 1/ first check to see if you are on the list. 2/ post a comment @Michael Abel asking to be added. He will check the comments and update the list. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. My actions may have helped secure a refund. This is what I did: I messaged Taylor via Kickstarter numerous times and left a comment on his website. I filed a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov , a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Also register at www.kickstarterjustice.com where backers are exploring options of legal action against Taylor. I started a thread there and logged all my actions in case a written record was needed for a future court case. And I made this list to highlight the extent of people asking for refunds. It's always good to know and publicly show how many people are still awaiting refunds. I wrote in the complaint of card that Mr. Taylor gave us ever new terms make the course, so you cant clearly determine when the service was to be delivered, and the deadline for 30days is calculated from the moments in which the service is to be delivered. Need my $99 refunded immediately! What an absolute scam. Can't dispute it to my credit card company as they - like PayPal - have a 30 day limit. So disappointed. Money back now ahole. Refund my pledge taylor of $99! My paypal : m.hammerschmid@fh-krems.eu Taylor, let me quote what you said on aug 4th "Hello everyone, First off, I want to assure everyone that this project is not a scam. This project was born out of the dream that I had to teach others to become iPhone app developers" So tell us all "How will you call it?" Refund our money ASAP Three and a half months after Taylor told me he was processing my refund I still have not seen a dime. To think, I offered to help him when he first started having problems. I genuinely wanted him to succeed. Instead it turns out all he is is a petty thief who only cares about ripping people off. I'm sure he's very proud of himself being able to scam 656 people out of their money. All it took was a short video, a domain name, and a few meaningless updates. His parents must be very proud of what he has become. Great role models. Can you please refund my $99. Thanks Dispute the charge with you credit card company. Got my money back! Anybody have a phone number for him? If I helped you click on the link below <url>"chargeback" - in my case, the money has returned to my account. In the case of payment in US money should go quickly to your account, but if you are outside the US may take some time - I waited a little over two months but the money recovered. If you are still interested in the course buy already prepared and tested courses. In my opinion, those that you can buy here are excellent <url>"Use of a wire communication in Interstate or Foreign Commerce" because electronic (Internet) communication aided in Taylor's "intent to defraud another out of money" it's certainly conceivable he can be tried on 656 separate charges to defraud. The father can have charges brought against him as well; his home, his paid internet connection. I will file a complaint with the U.S. Attorney's Office Southern District of California. Toll Free # is 800-544-1106. I encourage all to do the same. Taylor, get in touch with me so I can see if I can help you turn this around. In for refund. Please refund - thx Hi, I've also been waiting for this to happen for quite some time, and my patience has just run out. Can you please add me to the refund list? Thanks. I've been one of Taylor's biggest advocates throughout this process, but it seems as if this isn't really going to happen. Taylor, you were in over your head. It's understandable, but do what you should do now and give us refunds. There's no failure in this if you make everyone happy. You tried and it didn't work. That's fine. But give refunds and be done with this chapter of your life. If you continue on without talking or giving refunds, this WILL be follow you for the rest of your life. If you give refunds and let it go, people will respect you. Taylor....I want my refund of $99 now. Send refund to my PayPal account: <email> I have contacted my lawyer about a class action lawsuit against you. Please respond to your backers ASAP! Taylor pleaseeee refund my $99 via PayPal to <email> you said you would refund months ago! Taylor refund me my $99.00 to my amazon <email> or Paypal c_hu_y@yahoo.com Taylor. Will you please refund me? Please? please refund to my amazon payments account <email> $49 where has the people who have successfully refunded, get in contact with taylor? My $99 refund may be sent please. <email>. Sorry it didn't work out for you but do the right thing, and then try again. still nothing :( I was hoping to do this course with my teenage son. What a disappointment and sad fraud from a young tech savvy young person to fail to deliver on his promise. Please refund my $49 to my paypal at <email> Hello Taylor, i've waited for a long time, hoping there were just some misunderstandings. But at this time i have no more faith in you and in this course. I am formally asking for 99$ refund. My Amazon payment ID: <email> Thank you. FYI: On Udemy.com is a great class on app development by Rob Percival for $19 if you use the coupon code 3YEARS (reg $199) and it is available now. Doesn't make up for Taylor ripping us off, but hope it helps. Hi Taylor, please refund me my money to <email> or <email>. Thank you. Since the delivery has slipped many times and there seems to be no updates....please refund my $99 Please refund my $99.. I have sent you Amazon request. Pls. Refund my 49usd. I have sent you paypal request. Taylor again, refund my $99 by Amazon. Hey can you please refund my $99 <email> I've asked for my refund and still no response. I'll ask again and let you know. Are there people getting refunds? I am suspecting Taylor blew all the money. Does anyone know anything different? ID like my 99$ bucks back too bud. sooo refund, like I have asked already Hi taylor, please refund me my $99 pledge. Refund please. @matthias Please add me too, 99$ pledge What is Taylor Beck's email that I can send my refund request to? Please refund me $99 at <email>. i spoke too soon - I actually got my refund - I really hope he can learn a lot from this experience and that it doesn't hinder his future plans Hey Taylor Please refund me too.( $ 99 ).My paypal ' <email>. Thanks in advance. Greetings everyone, i too today have been refunded by Taylor, atleast he is starting to do what we requested. I had to send him 3 different paypal requests, so he refunded one and cancelled the other two. Thank you very much Taylor and i pray God's sincere mercy on you, sorry for all that I had to put you through mentally, things were just too much out of control on this project and i cant blame you 100% all the best young man Attention: Everyone I'm not sure of the current situation here on Kickstarter, as I have been absent since Late-August. I understand everyone's frustration, as I already have had to learn programming by myself. I have just come across an email now in regards to a refund by Taylor for Kickstarter. I assume he is in the works now of processing them. - DC Please add me to the list. Request refund in full please. You know it still astounds me that he could refund all the 159 that @Matthias has put together and still be way in front of the $2000 originally requested. I always tend to look to the positive and not think I've been scammed, and that this project has just gotten way too much for Taylor to handle and he just didn't know how to deal with it - I also wonder about his mental health through all of this - in either way it just doesn't seem "normal" - just give me the money you promised me back and I can move on and watch from the sidelines. Whereas I just received this from paypal .. sigh .. Taylor Beck (<email>) cancelled the following money request: OMG. Taylor just sent my $99 refund through Paypal!!!! I wonder if this had anything to do with my filing a report with the BBB and California Attorney General 2 days ago. Please add me to the list, please!!! Add me to the list as well. $99 - Toronto. @TaylorBeck - I assure you that we will not let this slip. One way or another, we will get our money back. @Matthias, plz add me to the list$99 Toronto @Marhias Please add me to the list. 99$ pledge This user's account has been deleted. please add me to the list please add me to list as well. Not that it will make a difference. @matthias Please add me to this list. I am from Austria and this my first broken KS Pledge, it must be possible to get this guy to payback our Money. My pledge was $ 99,-- I hope You guys over the ocean will find a legal way to sue him. Many thanks for your efforts Andreas @matthias Please add me to the list too. Thanks for taking the time to create one. @Michael Forte. Great job, thanks for filing the complaints. @james7ee. I'm just using everyone's kickstarter name as I assume that's what would be on Taylor's info. @TAYLOR BECK: I've updated the list again. Taylor, there are now 159 people listed below asking for refunds! Stop ignoring us and process the refunds. You said you are not scammer, but your actions so far suggest that you are. REFUND LIST -- UPDATE 7 (updated Oct 1, 1.08am, Melbourne, AU) Abdul Rahim Adam Davis Adam Gould Agis Soleas Alcide Serreti Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Basoeki Gondo Bass Goh Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer Boram Kim Brad Magri-Olson C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carla Wilkins Carlo Piu Carlson Smith Carmine Coppola Cedric Janssens Chops Christian Incognito Christoph Lenger Chuck Cleary Connor Young Curt Stevens Dale Parsan Darren Oliver Dave Unger David Chang David Chin Shong David Collette David Korff David Maciag Dean Wyborn Derek Toletti Dmitry N Don Swee Donna Martello dunand Eddie Leung Ellen Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Francisco Pestana De Vasconcelos Fuad Abri Gareth Bolton Guinness428f Gurpreet Singh Han Harpreet Ian Steward Irwan Shahrin Ismail JAMES PARTIN james7ee JayKay Jeff Leonor Jeff Summers Jennifer Crowther Jérôme de Boeck Jesus Jethro Kuan jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Karusancs Ken kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Loic Rouquie Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mamta Datwani Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Mark Sexton Marko Aamunkajo Matt Healy Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Forte Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Michael Morgan Mitchell P. Ramos mohammed busher naim Narendra Lohokare Norman Davis Omaer Osman EL-BABA Panupong Tungudomcharoen Paul Martin Peter Petko Delchev Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Ravi Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Rick Robert Brehmer Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Salvi Becca Sam Decanio Samish Sanath Punchibandage scary cow Scott Cole Shawn Foster Shu Sinicha Watanavekin Stefan Schintler Stefan Simmerstatter steve mueller Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o Steven Persons Stijn Scheepers stilgar99 Sungyoung Kim Tay Wen Hao Terry Spangler Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Thomas Smith Tim Hartwig Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Waqar Hussain Wendell Beverly Wilfred Wong Wilondja Muyoma XPid Yann Zasse Zasse @everyone. This list was compiled from comments posted here and under Taylor's updates since July 1. It's purpose is to help Taylor be aware of how may people he owes, to highlight the fact that there are many angry people and hopefully to make it easier for Taylor to track and process refunds. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Also register at www.kickstarterjustice.com where backers are exploring options of legal action against Taylor. @matthias Please add me too, 99$ pledge Piu Carlo Thank you Michael! I just filed complaints with the California AG <url>’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Alfie For those on here. Udemy has a pretty good iOS development app course and is currently running a deal on some of them for $10 using the code get10deal. I'm taking ROb Percival's Swift class and it is very good, but not sure if that one is $10 or not, I got it through kickstarter. Taylor's LinkedIn profile, he also owns a iOS design and development group there. <url>"lawsuit against Taylor"..... I will definitely pledge as much as it needed.... Include me too 99 dollar pledge Include me too 99 dollar pledge Max condon uk $99 Add me to the list please Add me to whatever list helps get me my Refund!!!! I still await a refund. i need my money back every penny of it counts for me ... i am so mad and dont know what to do !! @matthias Add me too, AT, 99$ Please add me to the list. Thank you very much for this effort. I've sent Taylor 13 requests beginning July 6th, 2014. After my second request I received the "Your refund is being processed and you will be notified within 7 days that it has gone through." message. From that point on I've been ignored. Guinness428f Seattle, WA $99 Pledge New Kickstarter terms: <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers" "Every reasonable effort" includes starting off with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed. Creators must "demonstrate that they've used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised," and throughout the process, creators must continue to communicate honestly with backers. And as always, creators are required to offer refunds for unfulfilled rewards, "or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form." Only if creators satisfy those stipulations are they considered to have met their obligations to their backers and "remedied the situation." Finally, the terms of use explicitly warn creators that if they don't meet those standards, they open themselves up to possible legal action from backers. Please add me to the list: Thomas Smith, UK, $79 pledge. Matt, add me into the list as well! If possible, please add me to the list as well. Thank you so much, you really did work hard to tell him that there's a LAW Email blast these guys, hopefully they won't ignore a 100 emails from different people. To follow-up on Donna's find and post of a couple weeks ago, I urge everyone to send an email to <email> and ask them to investigate this. They have an investigative reporter Michael Turko and are in San Diego. Maybe if enough people email them he will investigate this. I have emailed, both. Heard nothing from mother. Father responded to first email in like 20 minutes and all he wanted was my home and work address and home and work number. I emailed back and said Taylor had all the info he needed and have gotten no response. Seems to indicate they both condone his actions. Some of you have talked to his parents. What did they say? Do they konw about this "comment-forum" and about the kickstarterjustice.com ? Filed a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov as @Matthias Nolte advised. @Matthias Add Me to List @ Michael Abel I like the sound of that. Depending on the cost I'm happy to contribute. Also might be faster to get Kickstarters notice if we set up a project to get this lawsuit action through. I can imagine newspapers picking that up like wildfire, May even make Taylor more famous than he already is too. Add me to list as well Starting the Class Action is obviously taking time - for those interested, see <url>"notice to begin class action" legal letter to Taylor (and cc both his parents). This process should be driven by somebody living in the USA, who should find out the cost for the legal letter and then circulate the details to all 132 people on Matthias's list. This Legal letter would state the chronological facts, i.e.: - the delivery date was promised as the 31st May - backers were promised numerous times on the Kickstarter board that they would get a full refund, regardless of reason. - some backers received emails with a 'cut and paste', implying that a Paypal payment had been made and would be received within 7 days; but nothing (which is fraudulent)! - after a lengthy break, new Kickstarter posts were sent advising that everything was on schedule for the 31st Aug; but of course nothing has been delivered. - etc It would point out that evidence that suggests that Taylor has also scammed on Reddit (see <url>"gift", and there is even some doubt as to whether he wrote a previous app, he claims to have done (see earlier postings). The letter would state that unless the list of 132 people are refunded by a specified date - that a class action filing would then commence and that the media would be informed of this. This legal letter, might finally convince the Beck family to pay the 132 people that have demanded a refund - rather than get into having defend themselves in court - particularly given that the payout to the 132 will cost about $11,000 vs the $54,600 that has been scammed (which is $52,000 more than he expected to get!). The fact that a Legal letter has been sent out, might also give Kickstarter some negative publicity, and encourage them to get involved! A % of the 132 unhappy backers would be prepared to pay their proportion of the legal costs of engaging a lawyer to do the above. Fun...Taylor did create a community for all of us..... @matthias Please add me to the list, Rick Leung He did it! He really create a community from us! :] Can someone from CA, go to a lawyer and talk with him from behalf of all us outside of USA. I don't want my money, you can use them for the cost of the lawyer after we WIN! We deserve justice. @ Matthias please add me to the list Waqar hussain @ Rick Read a couple of posts below and you'll have your answer. Hi everyone, has all the video been uploaded? Since I could only see video 1.3 been up so far, what happened to all the other videos??? Help!! @Matthias thanks for keeping everyone updated and adding me "James7ee" please update "james lee" to the list Am disappointed at kickstarter and they should be held accountable to backers. For a company that transacts millions of dollars, I am baffled they haven't developed tighter control This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Matthias, Thank you for taking the effort for making the list. i'm furious about this project too since i was planning to jump start my knowledge about iphone app. im fooled but i'm pissed too since the money is my hard earn dollar plus postponed my goal to make phone app too. please add me to the list and i'll help everyway i can to get justice from taylorbeck. @kickstarter, please don't wash your hand in this matter. if the company true nature is to help project starter, should include protecting the backers. Matthias, I'm on the list as well. I was promised a refund the first week of July. Hi everyone, please check out the <url>érôme de Boeck Jesus jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Karusancs Ken kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Loic Rouquie Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Marko Aamunkajo Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Forte Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Michael Morgan Mitchell P. Ramos Narendra Lohokare Norman Davis Omaer Osman EL-BABA Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Ravi Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Salvi Becca Sam Decanio Sanath Punchibandage scary cow Scott Cole Shawn Foster Shu Sinicha Watanavekin Stefan Simmerstatter steve mueller Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma XPid Yann Zasse @everyone. This list was compiled from comments posted here and under Taylor's updates since July 1. It's purpose is to help Taylor be aware of how may people he owes, to highlight the fact that there are many angry people and hopefully to make it easier for Taylor to track and process refunds. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Also register at www.kickstarterjustice.com where backers are exploring options of legal action against Taylor. See kickstarter's reaponse to me below... Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request (#387240) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Sep 14 17:44 Hi Jeff, Thanks for writing in about this. We completely understand your frustrations regarding the Learn iPhone App Development project, and we assure you this is not what we envision the experience to be for backers on the site. Kickstarter is a place for people to try to bring their creative aspirations to life. The amazing thing about this is that people can present an idea and be enabled by a community of supporters. We try to help project creators throughout their campaign but, like many creative processes, things may not always work out as intended. Taylor is a first-time creator, and it can often be difficult to predict and plan how exactly a project is going to develop. It looks like this project surpassed its original funding goal by quite a bit and, as a result, the plans originally in place for how to fulfill this project may have changed. We’ve reached out to Taylor to offer our assistance, and have encouraged him to keep backers informed of any project updates. However, though we strongly encourage creators to communicate regularly with backers (especially if there are unanticipated delays), we are unable to force them to do so. Again, we appreciate that you've written in to us about this situation. It's important for us to know how a creator responds to the challenges of running a project in the event that they decide to submit another project idea for review. We are always looking for ways to strengthen our community and improve our policies, and we'll take your feedback and experience into consideration. Best, Kickstarter Support Jeff Leonor Sep 10 22:48 How can we help you? Please try to be as specific as possible. A lot of us has been scammed by this project: <url>| 1.5 | 7.1.2 | iPhone5,1 Sent from my iPhone This email is a service from Kickstarter. Delivered by Zendesk. Message-Id:131Z1HV3_54160c372bdef_7a093ff8f18b331c12356a8_sprut Just had a look now, his last login is Aug 29. Doesn't even have the decency to read these. Just give me my $99 refund like you said you would Taylor!! PayPal: <email> I can't stand by as another online scammer gets away with it. I been emailing the mother and no replys. I emailed the father, he emailed back like 20 minutes, but all he wanted was my full name , work and home address & work and home phone number..... Emailed back they had all the info they needed and haven't heard anything back. Process a refund for my pledge now!!!! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Please process a refund for my pledge. Thank you. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I tried posting this to Kickstarter's Facebook page but they have locked anyone from posting. Good damage control tactic on their part. I just had my first negative Kickstarter with a Creator taking the money and running. Not only did the person raise $55,000 when they asked for $2,000 he went on to invest thousands of dollars into other Kickstarter projects. Then he pushed back his delivery date by months and disappeared. Kickstarter has been careful to claim they aren't responsible for any refunds unless the Creator can't deliver. It's obvious we are never getting the "how to write iOS apps" course we expect. We also are probably never going to see a refund. What I do expect is a return of the percentage to all the Funders of the fee taken by Kickstarter. There is no reason they should keep any money for this project unless they want to start being known as making money aiding criminals. The Funders await. <url>"cut and paste" reply from Kickstarter that I have seen here. They gave me a link to his comments, saying he is posting updates and they told me to reach out to him. It sounds like he covered his bases for a scam, doing what he needed to do to satisfy Kickstarter. I am now doing like other posters suggested, waiting to something gets developed and then going to an off Kuckstarter website after funding. I will not get the release of items right away, but I'll have the security of not using the Kickstarter platform. It looks like the really successful ones even make it to Amazon, and I know there is solid protection there. Looks like kickstarter is very active on twitter, we could tweet with #kickstarter #kickstarterscam and so on to get kickstarter to respond Please add me to the refund list. i have messaged him numerous times how many ppl are on the refund list yet? we all should write emails to kickstarter. I'd love to have an official kickstarter statement here. Taylor, What a fraud you are. You are not responding to any of the msgs of the investors who supported by believing that you could deliver the course. and now you are enjoying with our money and investing in other Kickstart projects!!! What a shame of yourself.. <email> Everyone, Please email kickstarter about this... Refund please Maybe its time we send a couple of less than savory characters to pay a visit to Taylor to get our money back ... @ Matthias, it was on the forums however that's been disabled by the look of it. There was about 40 people who added their name to the list ... This user's account has been deleted. great made course for iOS8 and for this opportunity to win a giftcard Apple $ 600 for a new iPhone 6 <url>"refund list" is residing and how Taylor Beck can be informed of that list? Thank you very much. PJD. @Matthias add me to your list as well for a refund. Unreal! Yet again we are left to guess what might have prevented this tool from performing once again. I placed numerous calls to the parental unit last week, and finally the "step mother" answered and we chatted for quite a bit of time...she alledges the mastermind no longer lives at their residence...she indicated she is receiving emails and phone calls from multiple backers. She herself offered the fact that she was his stepmother, and that she would have his father call me back to discuss further...I have yet to hear from Mr. Beck. I would encourage you guys to place calls, send emails, and text messages to these people. Pressure needs to be applied, they certainly share some liability and clearly are culpable; as the mastermind fashioned his kickstarter from their residence and further registered his domains using their address. All of the information needed to reach his family is openly available on the net. If you are interested in trying to reach out to them, drop me a message and I can point you in the right direction; <email>. @ Dean Wyborn. Had no idea you already created a refund topic where we can add our names. Where's it at? I'd like to add my name to it. Thanks. Hi Matthias, Add me to the list, I was one of the first to ask for a refund, even created the forum topic of add your name here to those who have asked for a refund. I realised early on Taylor is a scam artist and was leading everyone along. Cheers Dean Wyborn New Zealand I gave up! I just asked for a $99 refund. So you can add me to the list. Thanks @ everybody. Hi fellow backers of this train wreck. I just received this email which may help those who are still looking to pursue an iphone app development course. I want to make it clear though, that the following was an unsolicited email and I'm in no way promoting, endorsing or validating these courses. I'm purely passing on information that was emailed to me. Here is the email: ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Hi Matthias, I submitted this message on your website, but I’ll send it to your email from your website as well. I wanted to contact you about Taylor Beck's Kickstarter project. I'm upset with what he did, and I feel scammed. I talked with him prior to running the Kickstarter about my experiences running a Kickstarter project. He has been a huge disappointment, and I still have not heard from him again. I am teaching iPhone courses, and I ran a successful Kickstarter project last year. I wanted to reach out and see if you could share it with the group, since I'm not a backer. To help out, I'd like to offer 2 free courses to all of the backers (Please share it with the backers, since I cannot post it). The course videos and source code are all accessible today, and there is no waiting for verification or anything like that. Swift course for iOS 8 (7 videos) <url>"Learn to develop Iphone app" disappearing like morning dew, and one backed by Taylor nonetheless. I know it is pissing in the wind, but here is what I sent Kickstarter. Just waiting for their boilerplate response. "Self imposed release date was August 30. Didn't happen, no updates or contact since. This for sure must violate something in Kickstarter rules. Maybe you need to change your policy and hold some $$ in escrow, until rewards are delivered. Especially when $$ exceed requested amount by $52K. Should be no impact on creator, particularly in this case when he was only trying to raise 2K." Refund requested long ago... I haven't received it yet. I would like my refund as well!!! I gave Taylor the benefit of the doubt. Maybe he was having a rough time with all of this and making a business work takes a lot of effort. Now, however after the lack of updates, unfortunately I am starting to believe it's a scam, I also requested a refund and have heard nothing back. It really is a shame, even if the project is delayed, had he handled things better, I'm sure quite a few of us would have waited. He could have even released the videos bit by bit! Ah well, what to do, it is incredibly disappointing though and it does make me more weary investing in future crowdfunding projects. Taylor Beck I want my REFUND!! return my $99 to my PayPal account: <email> As you can't do anything right in your life, at least do the right thing a return the money to those that have repeatedly requested it... Refund please Taylor, I am still haven't received my refund. If someone is still interested in iOS app dev, check this project <url>érôme de Boeck Jesus jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Karusancs kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Marko Aamunkajo Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Forte Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Mitchell P. Ramos Narendra Lohokare Norman Davis Omaer Osman EL-BABA Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Sam Decanio scary cow Scott Cole Sinicha Watanavekin Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma XPid Zasse @everyone. This list was compiled from comments posted here and under Taylor's updates since July 1. It's purpose is to help Taylor be aware of how may people he owes, to highlight the fact that there are many angry people and hopefully to make it easier for Taylor to track and process refunds. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Also register at www.kickstarterjustice.com where backers are exploring options of legal action against Taylor. Refund please Are you really kidding me ?!?! This will be a first for me but (B)Heck, I cannot for the life of me wait any longer on this supposedly "trainings". I'll match this comment with a direct mail to request the only sane thing left >>> R.E.F.U.N.D $99 Taylor, the manner you have handled your promises is astoundingly unbelievably unprofessional, I am not even going to grace you with spouting assumptions on your capabilities beyond your already demonstrated lack of project management capabilities. As I have read in some comments, you could have walked, head high, even if you'd have had the training videos done by a paid freelancer, and walk with pocket change, yet, even that might not have scratch your master plan. I have found other options, half the price, always available, maintained, updated, yours has, lets say, slipped into the ocean's abyss, for better or for worse. Have the decency of refunding people has requested, and, as promised, that being your last promise that can still live up to get you at least a recognition of a failed business attempt, which to me would be fair play. If this whole shebang was your plan all along, you better go hide under a stone, if this is blatant mismanagement, spare us the fallout of your own making, it'll be a personal costly attempt, and don't believe that some of us have not lived thru fallouts, but, at least those can understand it. "Learn iPhone App Development", rest in peace, a dubious expose at best. Still waiting for my $99 refund. refund me now! no response.!!! Does anyone know how to get the word out using twittersphere and hashtags? This guy and his family should be held accountable. #refundme #sandiego #appdeveloperscam @SanDiegoBBB @SDDistAtty @DDAs4Dumanis #taylorBeckScam As i read the "Be respectful and considerate: next to posting post comments, i am loosing faith in kickstarter because stealing money from consumers is disrespecting and not considerate #kickstarterlacksprotectionforconsumers #kickstarterfails I didn't feel like adding to the list that Taylor is ignoring but I might as weel get on Matthias' refund list. Please add me to your list Matthias. Taylor, if you read this, you should seriously consider what 3D Printed Concepts said. By not replying and not showing any progress for every date you promised, you are only building the fraud case against you. Is that really worth it? If you already spent the money then you better get this product released. However, if you already spent it and have no plans on developing it, then you will probably be going to jail AND paying it back over time. It's just not worth throwing your life away for $50K. This user's account has been deleted. As expected. You deleted all members from facebook group as well. Refund is the only way. Refund please. Your mom and dad must be so proud that their efforts have raised such a knowledgeable and honest child. They must love receiving the emails about how happy all the backers are with your project. I'm sure you will have many people looking to you for help develop their applications. It sure sounds good. all those updates, just gave him extended time to fled..... Taylor, I am again requesting a refund. Robert Brehmer Ponzi scheme!! He's probably working at Pizza Hut and delivering pizzas with the new car that he bought with the money off of this scam. He looks like a Kia kinda kid! Taylor, you stated the following on this comments board, re` refunds: Creator Taylor Beck on July 11: Hi everyone, There have been a lot of rumors and questions that I would like to address. For REFUNDS, send me a direct message here on Kickstarter and I will process your refund. If you have requested a refund and not received it after many days, please contact me directly because the problem is that I have the incorrect email address for you on file. Simply send me a message stating what your correct email address is and I will process your refund ASAP. Thanks, Taylor Creator Taylor Beck on July 1 @Everyone - If you are asking for a refund, please send me a message directly on Kickstarter. That is the only way that I am currently processing refunds. If you have commented here after my latest comment, please send me a direct message with your refund request, and I will process it for you. If you have commented here earlier than 7 days before this comment, you will need to send me a direct message to receive a refund. Thanks! Creator Taylor Beck on June 25 For any future questions about refunds, please contact me directly because it will allow me to process them quicker. Thank you. Thanks, and best wishes to you all. Creator Taylor Beck on June 25 @Fuad @Donna @Boram @Richard @Arthur @Connor - You have been added to the list, and will be notified when these have been proocessed. Creator Taylor Beck on June 21 @Summer - As I have always stated, I will refund you without any issues. That being said, I have processed a full refund to you, Masakazu Handa, (you should receive an email with details) for your pledge After posting twice and sending you a few emails, you finally emailed me on the 10th July: Taylor Beck says: Hi there, Your refund is being processed and you will be notified within 7 days that it has gone through. Thanks, ~Taylor This is the standard PayPal wording, i.e. you fraudently told me that a refund had been processed – knowing that you had not. EVERYBODY, register on www.kickstarterjustice.com and submit any lawyer’s details that you might have. Just want to put my request for a refund here on the comments section as well. failed to meet deadlines again ... just reiterates our point that we want Refunds. $99 to <email> via paypal Yet again you have failed to deliver, getting the $99 package we were guaranteed a refund of what was backed, and yet 3 months later, even after the request and the promise of it being down u have yet to show any sort of remorse to the hundreds u lied and stole from, not only do you give us useless updates that proved nothing but u are delaying the inevitable and unfortunately my patience has long since worn thin so refund it now, I'm contacting a law tomorrow morning, so either figure things out. Oh and if my last comment was not clear enough......i would like my refund.....now please. Are you kidding me? This is now beyond ridiculous. The absolute and utter lack of both transparency and communication have now crossed the line from immature and juvenile, to outright theft. Your inability to communicate on a reasonable level with your backers and your apparent apathetic attitude towards solving the (many) issues you have on this project send a far greater message to the world than any of your "updates" have. I encourage any backer reading this to seek legal counsel. Taylor, I don't care if I end up paying exponentially more to my lawyer than I gave to you because my goal will now be to see that you don't profit one cent from the $54,626 you have now taken. Do you honestly believe that when push comes to shove, Kickstarter will have a problem throwing you right under the bus? Good luck. Again Taylor, refund my $99 by Amazon. I am wondering, did backers received their gifts which Taylor promised? I think I can give the answer myself. again again.. and NEVER reply for refund And again.......Unbelievable. This person is a piece of shit...a lot of lies. Also not even one reaction from Kickstarter, while he earned 55K due to the positive name of Kickstarter. I lost the faith in this platform as its so easy for scammers. Thanks Taylor & Kickstarter! so..... So Taylor, you've failed to be true to your word yet again! Your assurance of finally delivering by August 30 has turned into yet another broken promise. Another lie. Your project was successfully funded on April 3, 2014, almost 5 months ago! You've had 5 months in which to supply us with your course. 5 months to make us happy. All we've received is excuse, after excuse, after excuse, even after you revised you deadline numerous times then promised to absolutely, positively deliver by July 4. 3D Printed Concepts (comments below) offers sound and wise advice, but for many of us it is too late. That ship has sailed. We have lost faith and moved on, enrolled in other courses or taught ourselves. Taylor, you now need to address the issue outstanding refunds. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Taylor here: Here is the last update: Neaner, Neaner, Neaner..... This user's account has been deleted. hahahah taylor you are the best i am sure again someone stole the videos and your dog ate the server also the backup file took fire from the dragon you have in your basement!this could be the only explanation for the delay again @Bilal, We're not staying quiet. In the background we're still putting together a lawsuit against Taylor. His missing another deadline only helps our cause at this point. The sites been pretty slow as of late but still getting people together who want in on the lawsuit at www.KickstarterJustice.com. when someone posts a project kickstater take their info like the social security number.. etc. People in US who pledged should should file a lawsuit and ask kickstarter to give them his info because this is fraud i dont know why you guys are keeping quiet You missed the next deadline! Refund my 99$! m.hammerschmid@fh-krems.eu Well, the 30th is almost gone and there's no update, and the site still shows only the same couple videos as the past 6 weeks. Process our refunds as requested. Oh he missed another deadline!!!! Refund us now! Taylor I want my $99 refund IMMEDIATELY! Legal action is my only option.... Paypal: <email> Guess Taylor's clock stopped. It's after 3:00, do you know where your update is???? @Creator, I have sent 3 messages to you since August 4th requesting a refund. If you are going to ignore me then please just tell me. Tell me so I can stop wasting my time. @Greg Rudisel, I hear you on that. Especially the final part of your statement, is what came to my mind. @Karusancs, I also have mostly stopped funding Kickstarter in April. After funding more than 100 projects it became clear about 20%, fail or the created just steals the money. Kickstarter does nothing to help. The typical amount of money lost just doesn't justify chasing after it legally. State regulators typically do not help so you just loose your money. Since April I have funded two projects, first Tiny Tesla because I had funded one of their previous project which had very few issues. Second, The Coolest because the total money is in excess of $10 million so legal help should be there if it fails. I also live in the same town as the created so if there is a problem I can find his house. Unless he runs with the $10 million. I got lucky on this project because I was one of the first to ask for and receive a refund. But in general I'm done with Kickstarter and I think there are many more people dropping Kickstarter. I do plan to follow projects that interest me. And if they make it I will buy the product when it retails at a store. That way I have no risk. Excerpt from end of Update #7: "The next update will go live on August 25th, 2014. It will include more information on the course and a few samples. Be sure to check that out in 3 days!" Excerpt from beginning of Update #8: "As promised, here is the update for August 25th, 2014. Today will be a short status update." Can't even live up to his own comments. @matthias lol yup they all look alike. This scam was almost perfectly planned out and unfortunately I got caught...never again will I ever back any kickstarter, unless I do serious detective work versus on a whim. @Karusancs No, the image of the girl is not the person advertising on Freelancer.com They are using a Getty Images stock photo as their profile pic! Could be anyone: male, female. Who knows maybe they are not even based in China... <url>"risk & challenges" "The risks here are very low. I've spent thousands of hours learning iPhone development and researching existing teaching materials, and I've even written an entire book on the subject. I have a set deadline for the project to be completed, and everyone will stay updated as we go!" @zyrex, good find more evidence. is it just me or does the girl look reminiscent of the girl in the photo with him on the apple store listing. sigh Asians look too much alike sometimes (no offense) Found it: <url>#comments Should we be concerned that one of the apps this guy has on iTunes as being developed by him was apparently actually built by someone on freelancer for him (<url>#1 update. You have now been added to this list. This list is: REFUND LIST -- UPDATE 4 (updated Aug 25, 2.46pm, Melbourne, AU) @TAYLOR: How can you ignore all all these requests? MORE THAN 100 PEOPLE ARE REQUESTING REFUNDS! Adam Davis Adam Gould Agis Soleas Alcide Serreti Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Bass Goh Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer Boram Kim Brad Magri-Olson C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carla Wilkins Carlson Smith Cedric Janssens Chops Chuck Cleary Connor Young Darren Oliver Dave Unger David Chin Shong David Korff David Maciag Derek Toletti Don Swee Donna Martello Ellen Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Gareth Bolton Han Harpreet Ian Steward Irwan Shahrin Ismail JAMES PARTIN james7ee Jeff Summers Jesus jonnymicros jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Karusancs kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Marko Aamunkajo Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Mitchell P. Ramos Omaer Osman EL-BABA Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rodrigo Brites Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Sam Decanio scary cow Scott Cole Sinicha Watanavekin Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma Zasse @everyone. This list was compiled from comments posted here and under Taylor's updates since July 1. It's purpose is to help Taylor be aware of how may people he owes and to highlight the fact that there are many angry people and hopefully to make it easier for Taylor to track and process refunds. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Taylor, Here is the updated list of people requesting refunds. I'll call this list: REFUND LIST -- UPDATE 3 (updated Aug 25, 10.45am, Melbourne, AU) 14 names have been added since I last published the list seven days ago. I have gathered the names from this comments section and the comments posted under your updates. This consolidated list will make it very easy for you to process and track refunds. Get to it and stop ignoring us. People are fed up! People are angry! Adam Davis Adam Gould Agis Soleas Alcide Serreti Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Bass Goh Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer Boram Kim Brad Magri-Olson C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carlson Smith Cedric Janssens Chops Chuck Cleary Connor Young Darren Oliver David Chin Shong David Korff David Maciag Derek Toletti Don Swee Donna Martello Ellen Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Gareth Bolton Han Harpreet Ian Steward Irwan Shahrin Ismail JAMES PARTIN james7ee Jeff Summers Jesus jose heredia José Luis Morales Gama kalvin chia Karusancs kokobin Kris Murphy Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Matteo Borea Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia McNiel Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Mitchell P. Ramos Osman EL-BABA Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Sam Decanio scary cow Scott Cole Sinicha Watanavekin Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Timmy Cheng Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma Zasse @everyone. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. Also send your details to Donna Martello (post below) who has contacted Michael Turko from KUSI news in San Diego. Michael Turko is with San Diego's KUSI news station and he investigates complaints local to San Diego. The website is <url>’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward and remind them of their responsibilities toward fulfilling rewards for backers such as yourself. You should also continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Kickstarter will get serious once a Class Action is filed, and they get some bad publicity! In his KIckstarter web page, he stated: "Also, if you purchase the Ultimate Package now, go through the course, and are not satisfied, I will refund you 100% of your investment. So you have nothing to lose, and so much to gain ….”. EVERYONE – if you know a lawyer, who wants a bit of publicity – please refer them to www.kickstarterjustice.com There WON’T be any costs, e.g. I personally don’t mind if I don’t get a cent back! Taylor is a scammer that needs to be brought to account. He has also scammed on Reddit – see <url>#comment-652 and also enter complaints, send emails, etc – as advised by others. and this is a little excerpt from the response I received "As a backer of the project, you played an important role in its development. At this point, you will need to work directly with Taylor Beck directly with input regarding the reward you received. Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. " Time after time Taylor is in violation of what is expected of him. And kickstarter has responded, I wont post their response here but on kickstarterjustice.com I actually seemed to have stumped kickstarter. Sent them an email that they cant respond to, to this day. I told them that I sent Taylor this and asked them what is their justification, to this day they have no response, that was 2 days ago: "So Taylor I see you are trying to rely on these rules from Kickstarter Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Well remember how I said these wouldn't save you (though you prolly never read it), well I went through just a few of your updates where you said you spoke on refunds and found this lovely little gem that makes those rules null and void to you as you have given your own word promising refunds against them making it so you have to give refunds "Also, if you purchase The Ultimate Package now, go through the course, and are not satisfied, I will refund you 100% of your investment. So you have nothing to lose, and so much to gain by upgrading to The Ultimate Package now." And guess which package I bought...... I am seriously dissatisfied and I would liek my 100% $99 refund to <email> as another of your updates said I should ensure the email for my paypal is the same as my kickstarter account." @Paul Martin: I also received a warning by Kickstarter for supporting my fellow backers. Its really outrageous how little Kickstarter is willing to help in this situation. I really recommend everyone to get involved in <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Well remember how I said these wouldn't save you (though you prolly never read it), well I went through just a few of your updates where you said you spoke on refunds and found this lovely little gem that makes those rules null and void to you as you have given your own word promising refunds against them making it so you have to give refunds "Also, if you purchase The Ultimate Package now, go through the course, and are not satisfied, I will refund you 100% of your investment. So you have nothing to lose, and so much to gain by upgrading to The Ultimate Package now." And guess which package I bought...... I am seriously dissatisfied and I would liek my 100% $99 refund. Taylor, refund my $99. You have received multiple messages from me with this request. Refund my $99 I really feel sorry for everyone here asking refunds and blatantly being ignored by Taylor. I received my refund a few months back when I noticed that Taylor is just giving runarounds, excuses and tons of lies. I have been called names his by someone for voicing my opinion about the unprofessionalism of Taylor. His updates now just keeps on mentioning what is going to be updated on the next update.. And I'm amazed that this has been tolerated by kickstarter, much more by his parents. The first sign of greediness was evident when he increased the pledge amount to include different topics instead of just including it as stretch goals. Then came the numerous lies like changing release dates because of different time zones, part one of videos not compatible but others are ok, his site lost the videos etc. He was dared to show this videos but he can't show any. I reckon the reason he is not showing any videos is that if he showed how low quality his videos are (and the tutorial itself very underwhelming.. remember the scribbled letters to explain variables.. geez that's terrible!) , more people will asked for refunds. If Taylor is in New Zealand or Australia, I'm sure he will make the headlines of various consumer shows here. Both this countries has very tight laws to protect consumers against fraudulent individuals/companies. What he is doing is really unfair to everyone especially deliberately ignoring refund requests. I agree that he is just trying to finish this course for the sake of finishing it and he will argue with everyone that he has done his part in this kickstarter and therefore will never refund anyone. I don't believe that he has the qualities and abilities of an experienced IOS developer (contrary to what he thinks of himself). I do hope that you get your money back. Report him to any authorities. I suggest post in as much forum as you can to expose him like the kickscammed site ( <url>’t just build Kickstarter — we’ve been lovingly tending to it since we launched in 2009. Our moderation team is always watching over the platform and reviewing reports from the community. Our community helps us make sure this is the safest, most effective platform around. We monitor the system. Our Trust & Safety team uses complex algorithms and automated tools to identify and investigate suspicious activity on projects. We take action. Sometimes that just means asking someone to fix a problem. But when we find users or projects that abuse the system, we don’t hesitate to suspend them. :)) Really? How comes you guys know to check this project and delete a comments , but don't f***ing see whats actually going on here... What do you monitor .. what kind of actions do you take? Hi Taylor I was promised a refund on 10 July, and have sent you a private message to follow this up. Please process my refund. <email> Regards Liz Hui @Paul Martin. Thanks for doing that Paul, but I'm pretty sure any request for help from Kickstarter will be in vain. Kickstarter make it very clear that they take no part in facilitating a resolution of projects that fail. It sucks, but they are merely the conduit to funnel projects to the public. They take their commission for successfully funded projects and that's it. They state that we, the backers, accept all risk in pledging to a project. I've already contacted Kickstarter on July 7, 2014. All I got back was a generic form letter as a response. Others who complained to kickstarter received the same response. You probably got that as well? The best that I have been able to come up with is to file a report with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov A backer, David Maciag, created the following website: www.kickstarterjustice.com and is looking into legal firms to launch a class action. Some other backers have researched the idea of taking Taylor to the Small Claims Court. There is a post about this at kickstarterjustice.com I'm also going to contact my credit card company and see if I can get a refund through them. The chances are slim but it's worth a try. Everyone has been more than fair to this point. Taylor, you have shown NO REAL PRODUCT or even evidence of any product... Or that you know what you're doing. You're still state that you're "estimating" which is NOT ACCEPTABLE! Address your refunds now! @Mathias I just emailed Kickstarter your list. I suggest you and everyone do the same...maybe they can still help? Taylor, here is an updated list of people requesting refunds. Nine names have been added since I last published the list. I have gathered the names from this comments section and the comments posted under your updates. This consolidated list will make it very easy for you to process and track refunds. Get to it and stop ignoring us. People are fed up! People are angry! Adam Davis Adam Gould Agis Soleas Alcide Serreti Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Bass Goh Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer Boram Kim Brad Magri-Olson C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carlson Smith Cedric Janssens Chuck Cleary Darren Oliver David Chin Shong David Korff Don Swee Ellen Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Gareth Bolton Han Harpreet Ian Steward james7ee JAMES PARTIN Jeff Summers Jesus jose heredia kalvin chia kokobin Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Matthew Butler Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Mitchell P. Ramos Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed Sam Decanio scary cow Sinicha Watanavekin Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Fry Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Vladimyr Jean-Rosemond Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma Zasse @everyone. If you want to be added to this list post a comment. I check the comments here every few days or so. But most importantly, send Taylor a direct message. That's what he requested. He said if you message him directly he will process your refund. He also said that he will respond to messages within 24hrs. If, like me, you are sick of his lies and ignorance and want to take some action you could file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) www.ic3.gov I've filed a complaint, a couple of others have as well. The more files they receive the better. @Matthias - please add my name to the list. I have PM'd Taylor a couple of times for a refund with "surprise" no response. @Matthias - please add my name to the list. I have PM'd Taylor a couple of times for a refund with "surprise" no response. @Matthias - please add my name to the list. I have PM'd Taylor a couple of times for a refund with "surprise" no response. @Matthias Nolte Good point! be kind and add me as well @Matthias add me as well to the list, I asked a while back for a refund when he mentioned he would do so for those that asked. @Matthias add me to the list for refund Thanks for the list! Was excited to see some updates that might be valuable but looks like stuff anyone can find on the internet. Taylor, you had plenty of chances to refund and looks like your ignoring what should be your top priority. Make it happen and everyone will be happy Refund! Taylor - please send me my $99 refund. PayPal: <email> Taylor give me my $99 refund. Paypal: <email> You keep on saying 'as promised'.... you promised to repay my refund 2 months ago and didn't. Actually do as you promised. How do you sleep at night having taken my money and not refund it as required by Australian law? Do as you said! Taylor would you kindly process my refund. We should also report Taylor to the San Diego District Attorney. They have a division (Consumer Protection Unit) that prosecutes civil and criminal consumer fraud violations. Their consumer fraud # is 619-531-3507. Everyone should call and report. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Matthias Great post - interesting there are only about 10% of us looking for refunds and he hasn't refunded. Makes you wonder if the money is gone. Either way thanks for compiling the list. Refund Please I have sent another private message asking for refund....Seriously how can anyone believe in you anymore... I been asking my refund since 5 of july! Got the response that i will be receiving it within 7 days and not a response from taylor since than! Come ON! I want my refund!!! @matthias, well spoken.... Thank you very much. @matthias Awesome update. More productive than Taylor's. Thanks for compiling that list. FYI, San Diego Police (858) 552-1600 Only 10 miles away from Taylor's house. Taylor you are NOT a stand-up guy. You LIE, you make EXCUSES and you are IGNORANT. There is no reason any of us should have faith in you whatsoever or believe a word you say. (I $%@! don't and it's a shame the kickstarter comments won't let me describe exactly how I feel about you) May I remind you of what you posted on July 11, 2014: "Hi everyone, There have been a lot of rumors and questions that I would like to address. For REFUNDS, send me a direct message here on Kickstarter and I will process your refund. If you have requested a refund and not received it after many days, please contact me directly because the problem is that I have the incorrect email address for you on file. Simply send me a message stating what your correct email address is and I will process your refund ASAP. As for logging into THE SITE, it is now online (as of July 10th, 2014) and you are able to login. I am still working on some fixes, but you are able to login now. As for the claims that this project is a scam, it most definitely is not. I am still working hard to fix the issues with this course, and will be providing everything that was promised. I have stated what these specific problems are already, which you can find in the updates. If you have ANY questions at all for me, please send me a direct message here on Kickstarter, as I respond to those ASAP. I have recently been backlogged with messages, but now the common response time is within 24 hours. Please send me a message here on Kickstarter and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks, Taylor" I have asked for a refund. You responded that it would be processed within 7 days. This was more than one month ago. I messaged you several times. You are yet to answer, even though you state that your response time is within 24hrs. Your new set of updates are an absolute joke! They prove/show NOTHING. I got excited when I read that you were going to show off some screenshots. I shouldn't have. You are taking the p..., right? Jeff Summers, you sum it up nicely. You ignore all requests for refunds, even though they make up about 90% of comments written here in the last month. On August 1, 2014 a couple of people posted that they received refunds. Nobody has posted anything about receiving one since. But MANY have asked! From reading the comments since August 1, I've compiled a list of those that have asked for a refund. No need to thank me Taylor, just send us our refunds. Adam Davis Agis Soleas Alcide Serreti Anthony Garcia Arthur Wypchlak Bilal Alnajjar Bjoern Boye Skjoldhammer Boram Kim Brad Magri-Olson C Q Caleb Pesola Calvin Carlson Smith Cedric Janssens Chuck Cleary Darren Oliver David Chin Shong David Korff Don Swee Ellen Florian Seiler Francis Rooney Gareth Bolton Han Harpreet Ian Steward JAMES PARTIN Jeff Summers Jesus jose heredia kokobin Lee Chin Joon Leo Carcamo Luca Mora Maciek Milkiewicz Malte Thießen Mario Opena Mark Enyart Mark Hawkes Matthias Nolte Max Gavidia Michael Abel Michael Cordero Michael Hammerschmid Michael Lattanzi Jr. Mitchell P. Ramos Paul Martin Peter Ramon Urrutia Raul Sanchez Jr Rex Balingit Richard Nickels Robert Brehmer Rohan Ghumare Ron Allison Ryo Ishikawa Salem Ahmed scary cow Sinicha Watanavekin Steve Rice Steve Scremin steve-o stilgar99 Tay Wen Hao Thashen Pillay Thomas Ossewaarde Thomas Pinataro Tony Tony H Tung Kae Yueh Ukeme Walid Rada Wendell Beverly Wilondja Muyoma Sorry if I missed any of you. Post up, and I'll add you to the list. We are now 2 days away from yet another update by Taylor. It will likely include another screen shot of a single color with meaningless words listed and perhaps another screen shot of GitHub where he is frantically trying to find any information that he can use to put up a pathetic web page and call the project complete. This next one will include a blog entry on a site he owns so that he can delete any negative comments much like he does on Facebook and on his forums (when they were actually up or being used). The update will promise video content will be done in 4 days with no proof of actual work being done. It will promise another meaningless update on August 19th and the assurance that everything will be up and running on August 30th. It will include links to the last 4 meaningless updates because suddenly we are not smart enough to scroll down to see the reviews. Finally it will end without a single word about the refunds that he promised many of us over a month ago. Maybe we can save Taylor a lot of time and effort and just have him cut and paste this comment as his update so he can get back to work doing whatever it is he does with $54,626 of our money. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Even if he refunded those who are asking for it he'd still have more than the $2000 he originally was after as I'm sure there's a good percentage of people who have just forgotten about backing this/cut their losses. I've been trying the "Request Money" option in Paypal for my refund - no luck just yet though Taylor: I've asked for a refund almost a month ago. I didn't receive any confirmación message, but that doesn't liberate you from fulfilling my request. I'M ASKING FOR A REFUND ONCE AGAIN!!!! USD $99. Paypal Account: <email> You have the right to email directly asking for a refund. Taylor's email: <email> Nancy Becks email: nancybeck@century21award This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Taylor, please refund my money. Taylor refund my money ( I am going to stop putting a please henceforth) Looks like Taylor is ignoring these comments because of the 656 backers probably only 50 (less than 10%) of us are actively asking for a refund and not the rest. He is hoping once the course goes online all of us would stop asking. I hope he realizes what a blunder he is doing ignoring comments and valid request for refunds.... And the day he does recognize his mistake it would be too late. Just to pocket this money (~5000) he lost all his credibility. I've also filed a complaint with the internet crime center. Taylor, why you ignore our requests for a refund? Refund my $99. @Matthias I also filled in a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3). TO ALL THAT WERE PROMISED A REFUND I have just finished filing a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3). You should do the same. It does not matter if you live outside the USA, you can still use this service. <url>"obligation." Responding to refunds are your obligation, too, Taylor. Carlson Smith Carlson Smith Aug 13, 2014 I dont know who is your advisor but i asked for a refund long before your supposed method to try and make it so you dont have to refund us, via this, paypal and 2 of my email accounts. Note in court we have the advantage over you with evidence of you ignoring our requests. For myself and mac, they removed the link he posted This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Kickstarter removed the public contact information for Taylor and his mom. Kickstarter really doesn't care if we get our product or our money back. They just facilitate the scam. @Paul, Carlson, Maciek What was the nature of the information that Kickstarter removed? 6th request - refund my money please Refund me already. I asked you privately enough times already. $99 to <email> Refund Plz My email: <email> for paypal @maciek can you inbox me the site you linked earlier. Kickstarter removed it for whatever reason. send to <email> This is the last project I am ever going to back on kickstarter. Refund plz This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Another day, another update to come......I want my refund Taylor This project should be called "Learn how to get scammed" Hi there, Your refund is being processed and you will be notified within 7 days that it has gone through. Thanks, ~Taylor Taylor, that's the message you sent me on Jul 10, 2014. It is now more than a month later! SERIOUSLY, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON WITH YOU? PROCESS THE REFUND. Refund me please. Taylor I need my $99 refund. You had already promised to deliver me the refund on 1st of July. Do as you said, don't reply saying you'll do it and then never do it. Paypal: <email> refund plz This user's account has been deleted. Anyone who is a member of his Facebook page, visit and report the group as a scam and let's shut that page down. I still await my refund. This user's account has been deleted. Please refund immediately. Paypal <email> Very very disappointed. Well Taylor you wanted to prove yourself and you have, to be nothing more than a scam artist and downright thief. REFUND MY MONEY We are asked to be respectful and considerate in posting a comment to someone who is less than respectful and considerate of his project backer's time and money. I'm a bit taken aback by Kickstarter's lack of action except to delete public information from a post. If you are not responsible for a backer's fulfillment once a project is underway and funded, how do you involve your company enough to remove information from a comment section. Seems a bit selective in my opinion. Especially for a project which was funded four months ago and has yet to be fulfilled since it's three month fulfillment date. With the time and energy that is put into reading through comments, Kickstarter would be more resourceful in urging Mr. Beck to fulfill his request for refunds. Taylor, do yourself a huge favor and process the refunds before this all gets out of your control. Lawsuits do not seem to be the most logical direction. It is not like you actually spent money on manufacturing or something to warrant your lack of response. I'd advise you to return everyone's money as soon as possible. Thank you. Taylor can you please process my refund. Paypal at <email> Thanks Taylor, I am already requested for 10 times a refund. On July 11 you replied " Hi there, Your refund is being processed and you will be notified within 7 days that it has gone through. Thanks, ~Taylor" Show some respect and do what you promise and say to all backers who asked you for a refund. Not mention not a word about refunds. Refund my $99 by Amazon. Please refund me now. Paypal <email> Taylor is trying to complete his project before giving out any refunds because it will be much more difficult to obtain them after completion. Everyone, please report him to all possible agencies to secure your refund. Taylor I need my refund now! I'm tired of this I requested a refund on the 1st of July! PayPal <email> Taylor, If you hold true to your word and post an update today, please address all the requests for refunds. Why do you continue to ignore the obvious? I again ask for a refund of my $99. You told me awhile ago I would hear back from you and my refund would be processed in 7 days. Needless to say like most everyone else, I have been ignored. For everyone else who is being ignored, head over to www.kickstarterjustice.com to see the collaboration that is being done to refund our money since Taylor refuses to answer the obvious. Bob Brehmer Taylor please refund my 99$! Paypal: m.hammerschmid@fh-krems.eu Taylor - this is the 5th request, c'mon dude... PLEASE REFUND MY MONEY!!! Taylor, I am tired of your non-communicative behavior. You do not treat your backers with respect. If you want to gain credibility, refund every backer that has requested it. I don't like the way you treat backers and this behavior is unacceptable. For the Nth time, please refund my money. Taylor, as you can see, refunding is a priority. If you do not know how to approach it or concerned on mishaps of refunding individuals more than once, I would recommend you to create a spreadsheet of all backers emails which you should already have, if not perhaps kickstarter can provide it to you. I'm guessing only a few lucky individuals received their refunds so you should exclude them from the list. Than sent out an email regarding refunds and have individual reply you back. Once individual backers have received it, they can comment here, so we know progress is being made. You need to understand something...the backers money is not yours if you did not deliver on time. A refund is the best way to close this matter. It's common sense but let me put it in a silly young perspective. How would you feel if you ordered flowers for your girlfriend on valentines day, paid for it but on the day of, the florist said come back a few weeks later cause it is not ready.. btw no refund. I think you get the point. So get to it buddy and get the refunds taken care of. You will be better off. Worst case scenario is people already have an idea of where and might just make a hollywood bus tour out of it. Nothing stop them from visiting you at public areas, on sidewalks, posting to social and professional sites, at schools, on reddit etc all because you won't refund. It is a lot of money but again, it is not yours and sooner or later it will draw attention. So take it seriously, people who want a refund, should get it. 7 days should be enough to make this happen. Good luck and hope you make the right choices @james7ee , I understand what you are trying to do. However I have went as far as to send a payment request via paypal using my email <email> to <email>, and still not a word from him, even to say he has received it and is processing the refund.... These past updates are just a ploy to delay any legal action. Because clearly he is not addressing refunds, therefore we're still being scammed. Visit www.kickstarterjustice.com to be part of a class action lawsuit against Taylor, and his mom who is now involved. Taylor, your last message shows a glimpse that you did just not bail and run with the backers money. In any case it would be legally not beneficial for you if you did. As for refunds, I will wait for the product but for those that are requesting their refunds, my recommendation for you is to do so. In many ways, it will show your integrity in business practices and customer service. I'm sure you'll have more ventures in the future, however if refunds aren't not addressed, people might not take you seriously and will follow you into your future kickstarts. Another way of looking at this is, even with the refunds, you will be in the green but, for those who have some faith still and willing to wait it out, my other recommendation is to outsource some areas of your project and make the project even more than your expectations. Do not spend time trying to do everything yourself. Stick with what you know, which is the lessons and outsource the website design or professional recording/editing to others. It will save you time and hopefully earn the trust of backers community recap 1 - Refund those who have asked and close that door. You will feel less stress and backers will be satisfied 2 - "Wow!" the rest of your backers with professionally build sites and tutorials. Think about these two recommendations but try not to think too long. People are acting and filing what is legally possible in the state of California but refund should circumvent filings/complaints that you are taking this seriously and resolving the matter. Best of lucks and hope you take these rec's seriously. I would like to have my refund. You have my address in a private message. Latest update did not bring anything that does make me believe that the product will eventually be delivered. Please don't ignore people who are asking for a refund. nsa would look for possible threats to its citizens, whether potential scammers on a global scale. putting this here to ensure it is in a database of what was done using kickstarter as a backdoor to scamming innocent people. Refund now please Only 30 comments between the general comments and the last update comments section and 16 hours to read them - Although if you read one you read them all - Maybe the 655 other backers are sending so much email Taylor hasn't had a chance to see these comments or maybe he's working every second on the course and hasn't had a chance to check the comments or his other emails - I wonder when he gives us his next update and checks in on Kickstarter will he get a chance to check the comments or is it possible that he's just ignoring us .... No surely not. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Weird, his address isn't shown anymore. But I have it, in case anyone needs it. For his personal information, I repost what I posted on 3 days ago: All you have to do is go to the who.is site and type in taylor's domain taylorbeck.me and you get all the information you need to contact him. Good luck everyone with getting your refunds! Taylor must understand with not complying with the contract and people do not care about is the latest updates related to the project - write actualized for refund. Only that we are interested in at the moment - give me my money as promised to the PM dated 10.07.2014 !! -can someone let him write in Objective-C?? When you repeat the same plans every update, its not really an update. Also what is the point in releasing chapters 1, 2 and 3 all at the same time. Release 1 before the other ones. Many of us want our money back. Taylor give us our money back! <email> Taylor refund my $99 to <email> as you promised. I didn't asked for an update I asked for a refund for time number 7 as per your promise please refund me <email> $99 He is a backer of "<url>" - probably hoping to use this for content for hi own course! James, you recently listed all his parents contact details, which you obtained from the public domain, which Kickstarter removed after a few days. Could you please realist, or email to me (see my earlier post for email address) Kickstarter can remove public contact info and interfere with comments about people's personal hard earned money, but not help us get our money back? I'll give you a week to process my refund. Take out a loan if you don't have the fund. If not, I will report you to <url>"there will be no more excuses or lack of communication on your part" Why you not reply to us backers when we ask for a refund. As we can see you check your comments frequently on kickstarter. Please process my refund of $99. Taylor, please process my refund. I have already backed another learn iOS project and it has been successfully funded. Your lack of updates and content had me look elsewhere. PayPal or Amazon is fine. Thank you. Hypothetically speaking, lets say Taylor has another project going on somewhere else. Thus, he's pulling this con on someone else. Well, he'll simply use the funds from that con (or maybe the pay from his Pizza delivery job) to pay you all, one at a time. He may have used your/our funds to pay rent, pay his car note, take a vacation, and so forth. He knows he has to pay that money back (now) so he'll pull another scam and use their money to pay you all. That's… a… Ponzi… scheme. He may not even know that's what he's doing, but that's exactly what is happening. I was fortunate enough to get my funds back! Keep pushing until he caves and gives you your refund! Here are a few forms to help report this scam: FBI Internet Frauds <url>#inv FBI Report Tips Form <url>"refund within 7 days" and then not delivering. The Class Action Lawsuit and our efforts to get a refund should continue until everyone who has requested a refund , gets one He still hasn't come clean. Remember he said his web host must have lost everything when we sat for 3 hours watching his party hats. Not to mention his beta testers that were able to access everything and was all working. Fess up kid, refund those who have requested first and foremost then worry about your course. You don't even mention anything about refunds in your "update". That is what's on most people's mind if you haven't figured that out. It's already too late, Taylor. Just give all of us our refunds. Backers: Please keep calling/messaging/emailing him and his family because it at least prompted him to give us an "update" I feel bad for y'all. I have received my refund. This seems like a Ponzi scheme; rob Peter to pay Paul and then rob Suzie to pay Peter and then rob Jackie to pay Suzie and then rob Mike to pay Jackie and on and on and on... until he robs the "wrong" person. Sad, really! <url>#.U9_8dPldVwM Nobody believes him. Why should we? He is only posting in response to the flood of calls, texts and emails to him and his parents. If that info was never posted, he would never respond. 1. The course content was not optimized and fully compatible. Major BS if you don't know how to "optimize" it post it on YouTube and it will optimize it for you if you don't have the knowledge to do so. Taylor's updates seem to be so generic, I believe somebody else is writing them on his behalf. Maybe that he's somewhere on holiday so exotic that he's not got a decent internet connection, poor thing. Requested refund, nothing; re-requested - I did get a reply that I should check my Paypal account in a week or so, but nothing. Re-re-request made today. Sort your shizzle out Taylor - I will be joining the law suit this time next week. I wonder how many others have signed up...I'm guessing around 650-ish so far. 1. The course content was not optimized and fully compatible. Major BS if you don't know how to "optimize" it post it on YouTube and it will optimize it for you if you don't have the knowledge to do so. Do any of you seriously believe anything will happen on August 30th? No, this scammer must realize that stealing $50,000+ is a felony and class action lawsuit is on its way. Taylor...remember I said after the 7 day period I will join the law suit, the end of the 7 day period is also the day you say you will post another update. I'll advise you don't post another update until refunds are sent. 2. The course content's quality could be improved You should rename this to "I have to start doing some **** and actually make content for this ppl holy crap wtf do I do...hmm Fk it" 1. The course content was not optimized and fully compatible. Major BS if you don't know how to "optimize" it post it on YouTube and it will optimize it for you if you don't have the knowledge to do so. lol notice there are ZERO mentions of a refund and only excuses and a NEW deadline. Do you think we are that STUPID? Refund people who have requested a refund and stop making excuses. You are holding our hard earned money hostage while you blabber on about some bs excuse. lol notice there are ZERO mentions of a refund and only excuses and a NEW deadline. Do you think we are that STUPID? Refund people who have requested a refund and stop making excuses. You are holding our hard earned money hostage while you blabber on about some bs excuse. Taylor honestly you are just defaming your name more and more... Multiple requests for refunds...barely any honoured. Your website taylorbeck.me, has been reset to the default wordpress template. Your beckbits website is no longer active. Your forum has not seen your presence for over 1 month. Your website does not recognise my login nor allows me to reset my password. You log in everyday and yet barely any communication. You at one point backed 11 projects and have since gone back down to 10 projects. You backed 7-8 Projects shortly after your project was funded. Take forever to respond to emails though you stated you would reply in bulk. You are digging further and further down into the ground... I have tried being helpful to you, but now I don't know how because it keeps getting harder to give practical advice... and since posting this in the update...the forum website is now down... 2nd request for refund. Hi Taylor - this is my 4th refund request, please get help in processing refunds for everyone who have requested it. I'm sure there's some petty cash still left from the funding :) Taylor, I am not interested in your updates or this course. Please refund my $79 All you have to do is go to the who.is site and type in taylor's domain and you get all the information you need to contact him. Good luck everyone with getting your refunds! @James That Kickstarter staff reply just makes me mad. Their non-action is just aiding and abetting a criminal. If Taylor wants me to respect his privacy then he should respect my request for a refund! Michael, you are correct. I received a notice from Kickstarter early this am: "We're writing because we noticed you posting abusive comments on a project, specifically posting private contact information about a creator. This kind of activity is against our Guidelines (<url>" I did reply, and requested KS do a thorough investigation. Taylor, You have lost credibility through your non-actions and uncommunicative behavior. How do you expect anyone to believe you now? Please process my refund in "good faith". This user's account has been deleted. So far Taylor has not only brought about defamation of his character but Kickstarter's as well... James, I see that Kickstarter has removed all the contact details that you have provided, plus some other Posts! It seems as if they care enough to do that, yet are not too concerned that they have provided the means for a scammer to take money via their site! Hopefully, the media will point this out, when we get the Class Action going! Refund please. Pretty please. Please refund my $99, I expect to receive within the 7 days you indicated. Taylor please refund my $99! PayPal: <email> I would like to request a refund thanks. Please contact me asap I have clearly asked for a refund and you havnt responded $99 to <email> I would like my refund please Please refund $79, paypal: <email> I've messaged his parents on Facebook and hopefully will receive a response. Please refund $49, paypal: <email> so where do i message him to get a refund? <url>"I earned it" when nothing is delivered as promised Taylor I hope you wise up and make the right choices soon because this can have a negative impact on your credit if the state attorney's general gets more involved since this is a large $50,000+ complaint . Also note, it is not just you and maybe legal responsibility from your guardians, assuming your under their household and of age that they might also be financially affected Lawyers love these kinda of scenarios, they won't say it and it will take a long but pro bono effort in hopes of big pay offs. However, people affected the most will be you, so I would advise you to make your rounds of refunds soon (2weeks max) to those who have requested. If your waiting to finish you videos, do so on the side and take care of the complaints/refunds first. Best, Still waiting for my refund! I am one of the lucky few who got our refund and able to get out of all this hassles and angers much earlier, after I shouted about law suit against this scammer. I wish everyone good luck, and if there is anything you need my voice or participation to support the law suit action, do inform me, I will love to help. @james, can you post the phone numbers for Mrs Beck and Taylor along with their address here so all 600+ backers can call them...everyday. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Just got refunded! Unfortunately, this just wasn't to be. I'm glad Taylor did the right thing! Hi. Just to let you all know I have just received a paypal notification that Taylor had refunded me $99 to my account. Approx 22:00 GMT. I have only just transferred the money from paypal to my bank account which should take a few days. So far so good, I hope all of those that have requested a refund get theirs soon. As shocked as I am to announce I just got refunded for 99 used from Taylor (although PayPal took 5 bucks for handling the refund). I set up a payment request from PayPal and sent it to Taylor I think once a day for the last 2+ weeks. My persistence finally paid off. Still no communication from him though, no explanation. Still the refund is progress and I hope many of you will start to receive yours as well. What shocks me the most is his utter carelessness and disregard for other people. He just took our money and walked. WALKED! It's like, "Thanks, guys!!"... and then he pays a years worth of rent, buys a car, treats his lover, and gets a dog. All the while, we're left looking stupid. Red flags should've went up when he put up the first weird self-help video and gave off a troubling vibe. I'm more ticked at myself for falling for this scam!! Emailed Taylor a few days ago like most of us here, tried to reason with him to get in touch, say something, be honest, tell us what's gone wrong etc etc. but nothing... With the amount he's managed to raise from backers who did so in good faith, surely Kickstarter needs to be looking into this?! The way I see it, if they don't, then this incident begins to undermine the credibility of what Kickstarter is doing! How can we trust a process that allows 656 backers to get burned in this way, and seemingly allows Taylor to get away with it? Now as backers we have to talk about setting up a class action to try and get our money back! There has to be some responsibility from Kickstarter in chasing Taylor up on behalf of backers; blocking him from being able to back any other project (which I'm guessing is where a lot of our money is being used!); and banning him from ever being able to use this site again. Otherwise, like others suggested, I think its time to make some serious noise... against Taylor for sure, but also against Kickstarter itself. I tried emailing him on <email> but of course, no response. James (see comment 1 day ago) spoke to his mother a few weeks ago, so it might be worthwhile calling again and telling her that there will be a Class Action. If someone lives close by, it will be worth a visit. The crazy thing is that his goal was $2k and he received $54k, so he would be far ahead in $ if he communicated with everyone and refunded them! As I already got an early refund , I'm not gonna register but here is my story: <url>"look guys, I'm outta my depth here" I think we all would have been sympathetic and simply pursued refunds or offers of encouragement/help to get things moving along. The way he had just vanished is simply BS and it makes me upset the time I've wasted just waited to begin learning. This whole merry go round has been happening since late March. We are days away from August now. Good evening everyone! Good news, I've gotten the site up and running and open to everyone. I've done very little other than turn it on (will do more with it tomorrow), but if you're up for joining us in our pursuit of a class action lawsuit, please do! The site can be accessed directly at www.kickstarterjustice.com. I'm on there under the name "David", feel free to contact me if you have any questions! Sincerely, David Maciag Good evening fellow backers, I managed to reach Taylor's family and in fact spoke to his mother July 11, she indicated Taylor lead them to believe all was going well. They were aware he had dealt with some snags along the way but had no idea it had reached that proportion. She appreciated the contact and indicated that she and her husband would be discussing and then speaking with Taylor. This initial contact provoked no update from Taylor. I texted his mother July 18 @ 12:37 pm EST which I assume prompted update #35 on July 18 @ 2:15 pm EST. I received a message back on July 22 indicating they had spoken with Taylor several times and he states he has everything under control. I thanked her for the information and asked her to please have Taylor call me. I have sent messages through KS asking same but have heard nothing. I had hoped I would be able to keep this between myself and Mrs Beck but Taylor has not reciprocated my efforts in any way. I felt you guys may be interested to know this information, I have tried to give this kid every benefit of the doubt, I had hoped he would come through with the project he promised us all. The silence is unacceptable and it seems we are left with little choice but to pursue litigation and criminal charges. Sounds good, David! I'm waiting to hear back from the San Diego Police Dept. Maybe they can call his house or maybe a stop by his residence. He's, apparently, decided that this is the route he's going to take. Unfortunate, but something needs to give. Have to say, I'm also appalled at how horribly Kickstarter has handled this situation. You have a person who has taken $54k and is three months overdue on delivering what he said he would deliver. And, they do nothing about it! Well, they give us the run-around. Kickstarter is losing a fan and creating a storm. This is about to go viral. I will get Tech Crunch, Mashable, Huffington, CNN, FOX, NYT, LA News, Houston Chronicle, Chicago Tribune, Washington Post, and anyone else I can on board of this thing. It's a sign of how easy it is to be scammed on Kickstarter. Someone needs to respond… and I mean... NOW!!! Hello again, everyone! After doing some thinking, I thought it was a good idea to register a website where everyone interested in becoming a part of the class action lawsuit can meet up as I'm sure they will need all of our information and I thought it'd be easier than getting it all through Kickstarter. The setup of the site is all done, I'm just waiting for it to go live. I've done many websites in the past, but this one I'm just throwing together quickly to expedite things so don't expect fancy graphics ;) As soon as it's live, I will post the link here in the comments section. I will also post any information that I get back from the attorneys when I hear from them. Hang in there, folks! Sincerely, David I'm reaching out to the San Diego Police. Here is the Internet Crime Complaint Center: <url>"risks and challenges" section as Taylor stated they were low since he had a book and had spent "thousands of hours" learning the information. I think this will help our case proving fraud. @David Count me in too. Great news! @ David and Michael, great job. I am from Holland, dont know how to provide info. David, perfect! Thanks for organizing!! I am in on a Class Action Lawsuit. Lawyers in the US will often do this on contingency, but if not, I'm happy to pay towards it, because this is not about the $99, it's about the principle, of him stringing me and others along and making meaningless promises and then not responding to my requests or doing what he says, e. g, on the 10th July he said he would refund me in 7 days! He received $54,000 on a goal of $2,000 and is now treating us all with contempt. He therefore needs to be taught a lesson. I see he has disconnected from Facebook, but perhaps not yet from Twitter (<url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Source: <url>#faq_41860 Also other helpful info on there. Kickstarter is not responsible for refunds or anything as it's between creators and us (the backers). Refunds should be handled through Amazon Payments as well, not PayPal, as per the same link above. Something is very very awry here. I'm all for a class action suit. I will do some looking and see what I can find. Regards, David Ok, who wants in on a class action lawsuit? I just logged into the site and still nothing new. I made my three refund requests to Taylor with no results. I'm going to proceed. I'm going to start a new gmail account for this and I'll start a petition. Be in touch. I've been patiently waiting since July 13.m for my refund and nothing. He has now also removed his personal FB profile. What gives? Update message from Kickstarter: Hi Thomas, I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance, and have done so. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Katie If it is fraudulent and he has no intention of creating the product, i.e., he's taking the money and running, then this is in the jurisdiction of the FBI as well as local law enforcement. FYI, to all of you requesting refunds.... My request was over a month ago and on June 30 Taylor sent me a personal message that it would be processed within 7 days using Paypal. Fine, I'll take the 3% hit but still no word and no money. I see a lot of you have requested within the last 2 weeks. I am approaching 5 weeks since my first request. No respond for refund. Anyone in the USA please make a police report. We are scammed. Kickstarter wont help, I've been back and forth with them like 5 times already and keep getting the same half hearted auto reply. Someone in the US should take this to the police, it's Fraud. i have messaged kickstarter last night going over each update and how he has lied, and how our money was spend wrongly (ie. on prizes) it was a very long message and hopeing for a reply today im from the UK... ill keep you updated I agree with Maciek, is there one volunteer who can do that?! Do any of the people, which supported the project and live in the U.S., she could report the matter to the relevant authorities? we have been deceived on a massive scale! promise that I will get refund was - a week turned into two, then three ... I do not have the money so far. You have to take the Lord Taylor in a different way - I think I feel as though Taylor may be giving us the run around, and it's to the point where legal action, is certainly going to play a role. It sad really that it seems it has to come to this (if it hasn't already hit the legal stages). We need to make this a criminal issue. We need to go to the authorities (police) and report Taylor and Kickstarter. Taylor is running scam and Kickstarter is allowing it. messaged with no reply.... need my refund! I got your Mail some weeks ago, until now I didnt got my money back. Please refund me NOW!!! This is my last project as a backer. I lost the trust in Kickstarter and the projects. Last week Kickstarter responded on my e-mail about this project. Their response: Hi Thomas, Thanks for reaching out and bringing this to our attention. I’m sorry to hear that backing this project has been a frustrating experience. Projects that launch on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development. As such, creators will occasionally miss the mark on their initial estimated completion dates. Delays can occur for any number of reasons, but they are almost always in order to maintain or improve the quality of the project’s end result. Still, it’s important to us that creators communicate this information to backers along the way. It does look like the project creator has posted a Project Update addressing fulfillment/the delays. You can view that at the link below. <url>“Contact me” link on the project page. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and part of the Kickstarter community. Best, Katie So thats is....looks like its a very easy platform for scammers. Just one update every month and a lot of money... The same here! Still waiting for my refund! Still waiting for my refund Please process my refund as well. Requested a refund through private message on July 1st. Taylor replied stating that he will refund my $99. Still nothing. Taylor, I know you're not a scammer, but why aren't you giving me a refund? Pleasseee return my pledge money. I have sent Taylor Beck a request for my refund. Let's see if I get a response. PLease refund me as well Refund me please @Dale Parsan This is what Tayor said in his last comment 14 days ago. See below. But I'm on day 21 waiting so Good luck! "For REFUNDS, send me a direct message here on Kickstarter and I will process your refund. If you have requested a refund and not received it after many days, please contact me directly because the problem is that I have the incorrect email address for you on file. Simply send me a message stating what your correct email address is and I will process your refund ASAP." For a refund, do we request it or the creator refunding everyone before of the issues with the course? Please refund me. You are already 3 months over the deadline you promised on kickstarter, it is unreasonable to keep us waiting any longer. @Agis No, still nothing, no refunds or communications. I have made it very clear to him that I want a refund, but still nothing. Very disappointed. anyone got a refund yet?i wait 10 days but nothing I hope he does some sort of comment or update soon. I would like to think that this is not a scam. It's just courious that all the projects he backed here on kickstarter but one finished after this. I predict he will release his course soon after this one to which he backed is released. Learn to develop iOS applications for the iPhone/iPad <url>~ he deleted everything on his facebook account! Hi taylor, Could please so kind to refund my $99. thx I am still steamed when I recall how he doubled the price to $99 just because of added stretch goals. @Alvin Gempesaw I also pledged for that one. Very reasonable price. Still waiting to hear from Taylor about my refund. I signed up for this one. <url>£15 which is roughly 25USD. And he DID NOT increase his course fee when people asked for stretch goals and instead gave huge discount to his web development course. Has anyone actually gotten a refund yet? I guess i will wait another couple of days before i send in my request for a refund. He said new info soon. I guess... Come on Taylor there is nothing wrong my my paypal address, it's the same one as the one I use for kick starter. It's not difficult to send the $99 to my email address. It been 10 days since I got your email that payment would be in 7 days. It's been 15 days since I first requested refund. Take an hour out of your day and process the refunds to those that have requested it. Do the right thing. This user's account has been deleted. @Ian - Check my profile @ian , I'm trying this one, only two Days left. Learn to Program iOS and OS X with Apple Swift <url>"Project" as I did NOT: Learn iPhone App Development. @ all who requested a refund but still didn't got anything/response etc. Has someone any idea how we can act to Mr. Beck? I thought the quote of Kickstarter is "Be respectful and considerate" Untill now Mr. Beck isn't. Come on Taylor, you can do better than that: <url>"I will have more information (and likely a specific time of availability for the site) within 24 hours. Please check your inboxes for my next update, as it will be very important." (from the yesterday update) Again you promised something, it is now 30 hours later and no update. Taylor, I sent you a message for a refund; but no response yet. Can you process my refund? My patience has ended. for the third time please refund the money. Please refund ASAP. Third time asking. Your multiple logins from same location is most likely people logging in from their iPads, phones and computers in their house. Just refund, seriously I'm done. Please refund ASAP. Third time asking. Your multiple logins from same location is most likely people logging in from their iPads, phones and computers in their house. Just refund, seriously I'm done. @Everyone I really do feel bad for everyone at this point. Since Mid-May I have already started self-teaching and practicing the necessary iPhone skills to create Apps. If I were more experience/prepared, I would try to give you that "best experience" you all deserve. One things for sure, learning is all from the determination of one-self. The payoff's always worth it. <url>"suspicious activity" on the website? As if anyone would want to hack two videos of whiteboards that tell you nothing about anything. I now think this has been a scam from beginning to end. Look at what he's backing himself - one of the projects is a course in how to make iPhone apps! As Ryo said, he's obviously having a good time spending the $50k he's stolen from people. I'm overseas but I think one of the California-based backers should call the police. "Taylor, I also sent you a message for a refund; but no response yet. Please process my refund" I have the same problem. I don't think he has enough money to process all the refunds.... look at all the backing he did for other projects. Time is ticking. Soon he' s gonna run out of money for refunds. lol. Or maybe he already did. Taylor, I also sent you a message for a refund; but no response yet. Please process my refund sent a message for refund no respond!taylor this whole project is unnaceptable!!everytime you set a deadline for the project something goes wrong and you tell us that you will fix it!there are two possibilities or you are the unluckiest man on earth and every error that could happen to a website happens to yours or you know nothing about web site building and iosapps and you fool us all!!! Taylor, please process my refund now. Taylor, you assured us that your whole App Development course would be ready for download/viewing on the 4th of July, it is now 10pm July 6 (San Diego time) and no word from you. I don't even have access to your course website anymore (it says that I need to be verified, but you've already verified me and I had no trouble logging in until now). I'm sorry, but I must insist on a refund. Kickstarter direct message sent as well. Seconded or Third. Already contacted @Tyler for Updates. No access to site. No Replies or Updates. Hi still didn't get my refund I got my $99 a couple weeks back. It was via PayPal to my email address I used to sign up. So I had to go in and set-up an account. If you have a spamblocker, maybe the email is in your spam folder? Just a thought. Asked for a refund, have not received an answer yet. This is unacceptable. Has anyone actually received a refund yet? It's already 6 of july and still no acces and no info! Could you please tell us what is going on? I suddenly any lon into the webpage and many people are here saying that there are no videos uploaded! At last if there is no way to get them trough the webpage you could still create some sort of download link in the learniOS forum with the files attached to a "mega" account so that we can start with it. (Said mega because its the one who gives more free space that i'm aware of) Also asked for a refund via direct message. The goal of this project was $2000...he received 27 times more. And still no results and a lot of excuses. July 4 was the deadline, which he mentioned on his website. Refund please, process ASAP. Why am I not surprised that we still have no access to any actual content? Taylor assured us that the wait would be over on the 4th of July. But guess what? he's gone silent again... shocker. Brace yourselves for the next excuse guys. I have put in a message for refund, plz process it. Ok I'm done! ...Gave enough trust, belief, faith, and hope....I'm spent! Taylor my request for a refund is now. I'm sending you and email (as you requested backers do) right now. Sorry, but enough is enough. Since he mentioned touching on Swift, I hitched my wagon to this project: Learn to Program iOS and OS X with Apple Swift <url>"webstuff errors". Vanesa Ortiz described this in detail in her comment yesterday. I don't want to discuss this technically, but I want to let you know what I would like to see right now: But first let me say, that in my opinion it is not a problem in general, that such a project will not be up and running in time. Many projects have delays. This is OK. The key to final success though is to analyze the problems, to sort them out, to fix them AND to communicate to all the involved persons in a genuine manner. When people start thinking that they are being cheated, you reached the beginning of the long and ugly road to failure. Maybe you underestimated the time you will need to create the whole course, maybe you have some technical problems (even if it's a really long streak of bad luck you had till now...). No matter what happened, I'm sure, you can fix it and perhaps only need some time to do so. Just let everybody exactly know, what's really going on and try to communicate at least once a day. Give us continuous (short) updates (better twice a day than once...). Don't stop communicating (your last comment on Kickstarter.com is 4 days old, the last update is 8 day old!). I think, that, if the structure of the course is complete and the delays are caused by technical issues, you can at least publish the chapter titles. This is what you really should have available since many weeks. So why not show this to your backers? This would help (a little) to restore confidence, I think. The key is, that you should undertake a lot now to make the rest of the backer-family believe in you, believe in the project and believe that the promised final date (4th of July), when we should be able to access the whole course as stated, will hold and not be the worst day of your project. Because if this date will elapse without significant changes in the project status, I'm quite sure, that you will face a monster wave of refund requests, not to mention all the online comments etc. Reading the comments, you will notice that the community has already started looking for any irregularity and might misinterpret things they see (e.g. that the taylorbeck.me domain is down, the course site is unreachable etc.). I did not ask you for a refund till now and I won't in the future. As this is crowd funding project with some risks I decided to take the risk and will not retract. Anyway I would really like you to finish the project as proposed (in a reasonable amount of time) and, of course, to receive my reward for helping you funding the project. I'll stay tuned, if you will... Please refund my $99 immediately. I'm sorry if you've actually encountered all of these issues, but I'm out of patience and time. Thank you NOTICE: This domain name expired on 6/22/2014 and is pending renewal or deletion. Hello Taylor - I did send you a message but have not received a reply back. Can you please process my refund. Still waiting a response for refund taylor "503: Service Temporarily Unavailable Too many IP addresses accessing one secure area! Please contact Support if you need assistance." Is what I have been getting for the past 3 days after logging in on <url>"theft by deception" if you do not refund me immediately I will start the legal process concerning you and see if we an also file a class action suit against you ! You 24 hrs to respond and comply before we start the paper work in your state. Thank you John galvan Aka JG investments and associates. This was for my 15 yr old son and I don't have time for you to play games with his time or money! Clock start now! 11:43 am I would also like a refund. @Taylor Thank you for the quick reply and for the answer I was hoping for, I look forward to the full download and moving into my underground bunker on July 4th :) @Taylor I am regularly on the road and do not always have access to the internet. I expect we will be able to download the entire course rather than stream? I would expect you would provide links to download the entire course, a complete section and then individual videos. If one video is as you have mentioned potentially up to a few Gigabytes , then the whole course must be extremely large. Surely this can be reduced in size (I have blueray movies 2 hours long of 2gb.) . I think the backers just want to have in their possession the entire content. Yes it will take some time to upload, but can we say no later than 14 days to have the option to download 'EVERYTHING'? the lot, videos, pdf's, images or whatever the entire course contains. I think we just need a simple yes or no , and the download links provided in one go and not in drips. I would like to see a link to one single web page with links for section 1,2,3 etc and then links to individual videos. As you know this is not a complicated task, just basic HTML links to video files uploaded to your webhost. I remain patient, but seriously I need tangent satisfaction that I have all the material in my possession soon. I need you to assume that I am going to live in an underground bunker with no internet for all eternity and and have nothing but your course on my laptop to watch over and over again. Can this happen within 14 days? Please be more specific with your answer, not 'updates coming soon etc'. Will we have the whole ShaBang, ca-boodle, nuts and bolts, blood, sweat and tears for download so that I can move into my bunker and turn my back on the world?. I would love this as a response......Yes, and here is where you will find it all .....http: etc etc Taylor, OK it's 3AM on the 21st. One additional video has been loaded. That is a total of three now and not one has any information about creating iOS applications. SO LET ME BKEAK DOWN MY GOAL FOR YOU, REFUND MY MONEY. I'M DONE LETTING YOU WASTE MY TIME. THIS WHOLE PROJECT HAS BEEN A MISREPRESENTATION. PLEASE RETURN MY MONEY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! Hi, I post my reaction here as a result of my experience over the past couple of weeks, with regards to the evolution of your May postlaunch KS campain. I must say at some point I said to myself I'll give it try and let you solve the so called "webprovider drama" (files lost due to provider's fault, etc). Even after that, you seem not to be in the possesion of the video's and it looks like you're making these on the go. You upload videos of lenght between 8 and 16 min every couple of days, and this leads me to believe you're working on it along the way. The way I see it, you could've uploaded everything in a single go after the Re-lauch Party failure (which btw I dedicated 3 full hours of my time) and it shouldn't had taken maybe more than a few full couple of hours, maybe 30 hours max. Instead you concentrated on countless non-sense updates, forums, blaim_the_provider sessions, etc. The result of your work so far is about 8 + 16 mins of videos, I found it totally unuseful. My oppinion, you should stop it all, upload all the video stuff in once (you already have it, right?), and prove the people right, who still want it, me excluded. So, in consequence: - At this moment I don't believe you anymore. - I want you to full refund my $99 I trusted you with. - I DO NOT want to take part at this sharade anymore! Taylor, would you please explain why, if all the training videos are complete, you are only loading a few each night. You have no idea how fast other people learn or their current skill level. Some individuals may want to move quickly through some partitions of your training. So why don't you start loading the videos at a faster pace. Or is your goal to drag this out for ever. You have been paid in full. Now deliver in full. thank you for the refund after 3 times i shouted this. now i am free of all this bullshit, and your are free from my legal action. bye forever. until the day i receive all the rewards i back, i remain my statement: you are SCAMMING! i have no patient with all this bullshit anymore. i am ready to lodge a criminal report on this. REFUND to me or you will receive my legal report when the waiting timeline i set for myself is due. I agree with Greg. Taylor, your responses continue to baffle me. You have stated many times you completed all the videos. Your had to redo the first set because you lost them because you failed to keep backups but even those are better than before and complete. The only reason I can see for the continue delays is that you are still making the videos. At your current rate this project will never be complete. In addition, I have backed many projects and it is unreasonable for project creators to expect everyone to follow the projects anywhere except the Kickstarter site. Where in the long run your forum my have some use, until you have completely deliver what you promised please make the Kickstarter site your primary location for updates. As part of your agreement you are required to update the Kickstarter site with your progress not your forum. It's been 24 hours since my first login to your training site. I still only see the first to videos, the hello video and the have a goal video. What is the delay? Are you using a 2400 baud modem to upload the videos? Why does it take so long to load your video's? What is your connection speed? What is the average size of one of the video's? @Marc B its been 7 hours and still cant login and i havent received any confirmation email. Taylor can you help Hi to all. Site and login do work! While reading the comment from Agis Soleas (2 hours ago) let me think that it might be a godd idea to post this short message to let you know what I experienced after registering. I registered on the site as explained in update #31 a few hours ago and did not receive any confirmation email, yet. However, I tried to login a few hours later anyway and it worked... :-) So my suggestion is to try to login from time to time, even without receiving any confirmation email. What I can see so far is, that I have access to two short videos, with content that does not really "flash" me so far. But I hope that more videos will be available soon and that those will have content of profound knowledge to be imparted. Stay tuned. hole hole hole!!!finally we have a site!!i have registered to the site but i havent received tha confirmation in my mail so i can have access.can you help me please Finally, finally I got my refund back. The won price (iPhone Battery Case) is lost, but that's a pain I will overcome. Now time to invest my money in real and pro course. Hi guys, I haven't commented yet as I didn't think I had anything interesting to add. Until I saw this: if you click Taylor's photo it takes you to his profile and it shows the three projects he himself has backed. One of those projects is "Learn to develop iOS applications for the iPhone/iPad" by an English guy called Mark Petherbridge. That project was funded on May 24. I don't know what this means but it seems odd. Keeping an eye on the competition? Learning to deliver what he promised? Totally harmless or indicative of something else? What do you guys think? If other backers are reading this, please help us report this to Kickstarter collectively and make them step in! From their TOS, "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." Since the project creator here has clearly been unable to and is unwilling to fulfill our rewards (way beyond the promised dates every since the first 'launch party' date) nor is replying to the rising concerns here or private messages for days now, they need to issue a refund. can someone explain to us how we can get a refund because i think most of the backers are now more excited in getting a refund than the re-re-re-re launch party and the course I fully agree with @Matthias @Dennis @Alex & @Greg. I have been a full supporter/backer of this project. Understanding there would have been flaws, but also as a leader several opportunities to re-structure/better plan this organization. The responsibility to start this project is big, and a business plan to execute the project should have followed immediately. You may have/have not read each comment, but I will have to ask for a refund as well. Hopefully I could be reached/contacted by a third member or created for agreement. Hi Taylor, also when you have to restore the pages is this no reason to ignore messages (I wanna a refund) nor not give a daily status update. That's really disappointing. @Alex How did you get your refund? Taylor seems to not want to answer this question. It's not about the "fact of knowing in what we are getting into before we pledged our money", but the lame excuses that he is coming with and lack of professionalism . Rule number 1. Don't start a project if you know you can't make it possible . I've been working in web hosting for over 4 years now , and it's hard to believe that a web host provider ( with 16 years experience in his case) had anything to do with his project problem. Yes , anything can happen with a web host server , but if something happens, and you are the unlucky one to be on that server, you either loose everything ( and I'm 100% sure the web host company has a backup) or you don't. So it's kind of a lame excuse to blame the company . + Like everyone else said once your website it's done .. back-up .. Unless your project it's not done, and then you don't have anything to backup :) . Ok fine .. for the x time, I accept your excuse, but you promised the course to be online and offline .. Why not just send everyone the course to download it .. or at least something, the first section to get started .. and then you can continue working on everything else/ online platform? I was one of the first 10 backers of this project, very excited at the beginning, but slowly slowly lost my interest. Yes , I got my refund , very great full for that. And as an ex-backer , I'm entitled to my opinion . Even though I wasn't a backer anymore, I watched the Re-Re-Re Launch Party.. Guilty . i was curios what's bona happen. As expected .. Nothing. A lot of good questions , and a lot of vague answers.."Maybe , I believe , I don't know etc.. ". I personally , contacted in private some people to answer their questions. Also the order of the subject was not very good . Spend almost half an hour introducing people .. and then another hour answering questions. Why not stick to what's important first? I would do it like this: 1. 10-20 mins of introductions while waiting for people to join 2. Release the course - Very Important 3. Forum Register - Important 4. Questions & Answer 5. Giveaways taylor, you keep saying that you appreciate positive and negative feedback , and that you will take it in consideration, but you never did . These people told you so many times that they don't really care about the party .. the party it's just an extra . There are people who are busy with work, or they have kids, etc.. they don't really have time for this kind of games. They paid for something and they just want a result . But still .. you've done it your way . I know .. problems problems, problems, are everywhere.. But from what you said, your course was already DONE 1 week already , but you haven't released it because of a timezone party issue. Fine .. Another extra week for you to make sure everything is ok , and test, plan, re-test, etc.. With that amount of money that you manage to raise here, you could've even hire someone to do the course for you . The whole thing. Anyway .. I don't feel that this is going in the right direction. But for the sake of the other backers, I hope I'm wrong . Good luck everyone. @ Eduardo, your right the money is not important. At the same time I would prefer to donate the money to a worthy cause rather than just lighting it on fire or have it wasted on someone that just plans on taking it through deception. I've been told more than once that this project is complete but have not received access to the training. So based on previous Kickstarter experience this documentation of my communication to the developer will be needed to have my credit card company reverse the charge. Im not stressed or really that angry. Just documenting my attempts to get delivery of what was promised. If it doesn't come through I will donate the reversed charge to a local charity. @Eduardo, i dont get the point why we are paying the pledge for nothing and yet have to buy a book to learn what we pledged for. is just like spending a huge money on a grand Christmas dinner, but you can't enjoy it, only can display them on your rack, and buy another loaf of bread, eating while looking at your turkey. So what's the money we pledged are for? for a long list of bullshits? crown shows? some givenaway that fullfilled someone's shopping desire? this is just like using a knife, cutting out 656 backers' meat, to feed a few people. no more excuse. someone should report this as illegal money cheating. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Fair enough Greg, I do understand the frustration at receiving so many delays and excuses. It seems it would have been easier just to post a more realistic time line and give himself more time. Furthermore it would have been great if he had backed up all of his data to prevent situations like this. However this is not what happened. So what else could you gain by stressing yourself over this? As someone that has backed more than a hundred projects I must assume that your anger is not due to a monetary issue. So why bother yourself over this (I am obviously not depreciating the value of money put in here, I am just valuing my tranquility more). Second as a professional engineer, and a grandfather I must assume you have more important things (and more rewarding) than posting angry or disappointed comments in here. As for this being your last kick starter project, I guess this type of backing/buying is not your type of thing anymore (operative word "anymore",as looking at the amount of projects you have backed it once was), so why bother about it? There are many alternatives out there if you are that eager, that you need the training course open now. Having said that I do hope it is not your last as it seems you have helped a lot of projects get their backing. @Eduardo, I think most people know Kickstarter is not Walmart. I have many much more complicated projects that are much older that continue to move forward and I still have faith in the developer. This project was about developing a training program where the developer doesn't know the basics of keeping backups. For that matter multiple backups. With at least one off site in case of fire or other disaster. So what quality of training do you think will be provided if the basics are not adhered to by the developer. I expect more from someone that presents them self as a programmer. Taylor has failed multiple times at the basics. It seems that pats on the back from the community is more important than delivering what he promised. As a backer of 100 projects I have never experienced so many excuses in such a short time. At this point I'm concerned I will never see anything for my money. It will not be the first time but it is the last. Just relax people. This is kickstarter not Wall-mart. You knew what you were getting into before you decided to pledge your money. This a site where you are backing the visions of other members. You can't except a 100% success rate nor a timely delivery on all the projects you back. This is just not how this works. Products here are cutting edge and an attempt to bring something new, thats why most kickstarter projects (at least in the technology section) have lines like "help me get the first batch out" or "help me release my prototype" you are willingly testing new products before anyone else can get them (sometimes years before they actually become mainstream). So you cant't expect to have a smooth ride all the time. There always kinks and things that need to be sorted out, thats why this products are here in the first place. Now having said that if everyone is so eager to get started on learning how to program, there are several resources out there that can complement this project, Objective-C Programming: The Big Nerd Ranch Guide is a great book on which a lot of the information on this project will be based, furthermore there are tons of books that can give you a head start. And if what you truly want is to learn, instead of complaining maybe some light reading on the side might help you. As for those people that have backed hundreds of projects and had some failed results. Maybe you are right, you should be done with kickstarter since this is not a shopping website, maybe stick to amazon and their 100% delivery and satisfaction rating. For the rest of us the want to get the cutting edge technology that the rest of the world will see in years and are willing to brave failed projects, disappointing delays and all the negative paraphernalia that goes with a crowd sourcing website, there will always be new projects here in kickstarter. Come on Taylor! You already postponed the launch because you lost all your data (videos) and you’ve learned nothing? You even wrote us that you back-uped the videos twice or three times! You can’t tell us that you didn’t back-up your website! The website is lost? Well upload the backup! That’s a 2-3 hour work! If you don’t have a backup your provider has! But actually it’s really strange that this happens excactly on launch-date! People are getting angry! Some have already requested refund. Tell us what’s going on! Are you overstrained? Didn’t you finish the project? Explain your backers what the problem is excactly! With 50k you can ask a professional company to build up the website! We expect a link to a working website in your next update (within 1-2 days). Forget excuses, long explanations, give-aways and partys! Just send us the log-in datas! An put up the forum. The actual one is just an empty template. Greetings! enough bullshit. i have been sitting aside quietly to watch your crown shows, and counting how much bullshits you can tell for the delay. what it so difficult to work out with 50k? you can even pay to hire professional to solve this problem. dont you think some sweet candies can cover everyone's mouth, i am not interest in all your parties and giveaway, i have made my report to Kickstarter on this. I want my refund. Maybe host the videos on a password protected portal of some kind somewhere else to help with bandwidth issues so people can at least get started? Just an idea. Yeah, I wanna know that, too! ...and don't forget to send my the refund! can you please just tell us what the problem is! I'm willing to understand that the issues being faced here aren't your fault Taylor, but there is no excuse for not keeping in contact with your backers. We need an update! I know things seem horribly frustrating. I'm sure Taylor feels as bad, or worse. It looks like his ISP screwed up his Web site and since its the weekend, Taylor may be powerless to do anything to fix it. I'm willing to give him time to get it worked out. I'm done being nice. I tried twice to connect to your happy little party without luck. So, I paid you a few months ago and still have no access to the training software. Is it ready? How do I get access? Or is this just another Kickstarter project I paid good money for something I will never receive? I'm so done with Kickstarter. After backing 100 projects with a 20% failure rate I'm tired of being ripped off by people that are just out to steal money, or people that do not have a clue about what they are doing, or the people that do not have the skill set to follow a project through to completion. Kickstarter does nothing to help project backers because Kickstarter already got their cut of money off the top and do not give a shit about the backers! So, do I just write this project off as another loss or are you going to tell me where I can access the training program? Or are you going to tell me about more delays? Just like always no news is bad news. Looks like I wasted my money again. taylor any word today?at least tell us that the project is off or that we have to wait another month.not telling anything is not good in my opinion I'm going to try an be nice right now, but where is my access to the course. I was only able to be in the beginning of the party, and was still waiting for it to start when I had to leave at 3:45 Est. I come back today, and there is nothing about how to get to the course that I see? I am trying to be patient, but each time something like this happens it gets harder. you're not serious! did you get more than $ 50,000, and even hangout can not properly prepare. so far not received any username and password. You have moved several times premiere hiding behind some bullshit. stupefies people some bullshit for tens of dollars - and the course as it was not so no. The course is supposed to be out already right? Could you give us a link that works. the site doesn't work Kinda confused on where we are right now. I can log onto forum but cannot add any comments. Let's see what today brings. Is the course out yet? how do i gain access to the courses hi finally the wait is over!!!because i came not to the party can you please tell me the site that we will see the courses and how we logim? you are awesome! Hi Taylor, is tomorrow still set as final launch? Hey Taylor, Unfortunately, I won't be able to be part of the re-launch party. But I am very excited to read/watch through the course. I do appreciate that you are working on creating the best presentation you can despite the setbacks instead of just throwing something out there. Is anyone getting worried at the lack of response from Taylor? Taylor, nobody really cares about the launch party. Open the site. The way you keep changing the date is basically screaming that you need more time to finish. Just say that but please don't insult peoples' intelligence by saying you are delaying a week to accommodate time zones for a party that has nothing to do with what we backed which is "Learn iPhone App Development." I'm interested ibn the health app(s) that they've announced @Taylor how will be with the Swift? Swift Book: <url>"So What Now?" "Now, go ahead and take these 3 steps to stay in the loop:Facebook, Twitter, etc." Now, Facebook, Twitter .. all dead.. I have a post in pending on Facebook since April 14. I also sent you a message about that time, no reply. Hmm .. Hi Taylor, How's things coming together ? Looking forward to the release. any updates on whats going on? Any news ? Any new update¿ I know its a bit late.. but Congrats! Just don't forget to give us backers an update every month... Hey Taylor. Now the it is over, how many times was your video played at Kickstarter? I found you did a great job there. Hey Taylor. This is vivek from india. I missed ur ultimate pack. But really looking forward to this course When can we expect the course to become available? Hey Taylor, congratulations! Really looking forward to this course, I pledged for the ultimate course. I've had a go of objective-c before but the courses I purchased before were really boring and everything was was explained in a complex fashion. I really hope with your help I can achieve what I've set out to do. Now that it is funded, let's go go go! Full steam ahead! So excited for this course/community. I am a former mechanical engineer now stay at home mom and am really excited to be able to do something on my own pace and time. I have some experience in c programming. I was scared of it when I had to take it, but it came so natural to me and I found I was good at it. I really elegant to take it to the next level with apps and be able to make money from home. Thanks for putting this together. I am trying to learn coding for a year now and have been taking classes on codecademy. I am excited about this course because I have a couple fun ideas for apps and hoping this will help me accomplish those goals. I have been watching this Kickstarter for a good while now, and proud to say last night i did purchase the ultimate package. I am very excited to see what comes from this project ! Congratulations Taylor and I am very happy to be part of this course and community:). Hey Taylor, Thanks for what you do. I hope everything will be available soon but take your time to do it perfectly though ;) Cheers well done man! very impressive :-) 656 backers is an awesome start to what i think will be a great community Well Done Taylor. An impressive response to your project. Looking forward to the course and collaborating with the new community. Congrats... From $49 to $99 is not easy for me. Seems like a cruel trick to lure punters in and then hit them for more! Hope it is all worth it. At least I would not have to wonder what all the iPhone Apps thing is all about anymore. Hey I am 14 and i compleated a GCSE in ict at 12 years old (passing grade of : A)and i am no won to my second year of coding (java script) and i was wondering how difficult the course will be for me ?? When the course will start? Hi Taylor, My goal for now is to understand a bit more the core of the ios app, to improve my QA tester skills. I have also a few ideas and i hope you can help me on this. When will the course begin? Hello I'm personally more interested in the design aspects of the course rather than making money and have lots of ideas for small projects etc However, I've increased my pledge to the Ultimate Package thanks to the last email from Taylor!. I have a question for the more experienced people out there (and Taylor of course) which is how challenging is Objective-C? Many Thanks Let's make it to $50,000 I just backed ultimate package, despite multiple friends harrassing me to just use youtube as a learning platform... Hopefully it's worth it! On another note, you probably can have a alumni page on your website, or a forum of sorts, so that backers can collaborate. Just a suggestion. XD Well, 99$ just flew out of my pocket and god willing 10x more will fly back!!! I have some awesome ideas and I can't wait to learn! Well, I just pledged for the Ultimate Package......here's to hoping it's worth it! Honestly, to learn App Development, is it more time and dedication, or do you need a certain level of intellect? I consider myself decently tech savvy, but App Development? Seems like a far stretch. Like can a middle schooler go through your courses and understand everything you'll be explaining? I originally pledged for the complete package, then I saw the project update #14 email and decided to get in on the action of the $99 Ultimate Package. I'm an avid iPhone and iPad app user and I've always been interested in learning how to create an app, but honestly I've been lazy to look up tutorials and such. I hope your program caters to lazy people like me. Who knows, maybe one of your package buyers will create the next "Flappy Bird" success story, and it'll all be thanks to you. :) Hi Taylor, from the ultimate package you're providing us I'm hoping to tweak this Kickstarter device and its configurable iOS app, the mind boggles with what I could make it do. <url>"Complete Package" backer to choose either one of it. Then make addition charge for those who want both section. I'm with Alvin here. You were offering a stretch goal but changed that into an additional charge for an upgraded package. Hmmmm :( i thought that one of the two options (whichever was voted the highest) would be part of the $49 package and as a reward level considering there's not much reward. But now, we have to pay an additional amount to access option 1 and/or 2. Design please! Option #1 I like the Design option Option 1 please Option #2 APP Design I am new to app development. I'll be starting from zero. Hope your course will help me making apps.I would like to vote for Option 2 Making money - option #1 Making money - option #1 App design please Option 2. Money making. Option 1 option 1 App Design #2 App design Option 2 Option 1 Option 2 Option 2 I like option 1! designing apps is better Option 2 please! Design a good app and the money will follow so teach us to design good apps first. designing apps I vote for 2. A step-by-step guide to designing iPhone apps BOTH ! I'm going for good design as this is the biggest requirement fora good app that people want to buy. Show me the money! I vote for making money I would prefer 2. A step-by-step guide to designing iPhone apps Design is also a great subject to explore , but from what I saw , usually the employer ( in freelancing) is providing the design resources. So I think for now, at least for me, it's more important to have some info about making some money. Well .. Lets start by making some money first.. shall we? :)) My vote This is my first backed project on Kickstarter! Really looking forward to learning App Development especially considering I'm starting from zero - I hope there will be plenty of hands on examples available! long time lurker and this is my first backed project. I'm really looking forward to it! i'm really hoping to learn how to program iphone apps. anymore stretch goals in mind? Hi, Yo bad I couldn't join the live session, you talked about a that without an account, we can still test apps on the iPhone Simulator, will it include your download. Cheers, can't wait to start with your course. I'm sorry I was unable to attend (I am 9 hours ahead in my time zone so was putting my baby to sleep), is there anywhere I can recap on the hangout? I'm really looking forward to getting started... Oh .. Just got back home .. I missed it . :( So glad to support this local project and I am super excited for your course. I have just bought it, when do you think you'll sent the videos? My first KickStarter purchase! Looking forward to seeing the material Taylor :-) I currently do not own a mac but im intending on buying one. This course would apply to people with mac as well right? Sorry for dumb question. Thanks taylor ill update to full product then ^^. Can this apply to ipad apps as well? Looking forward to the course Taylor! You are also my first KickStarter purchase ever :) Hope this marks the start of a series of training videos in future! Don't forget the ongoing special discount code for your original backers though ;) Might be time to start thinking of stretch goals - Congratulations @dale iOS apps are build with Xcode, which runs on a Mac only. there is a possibility to install OS X on PC . It's called Hackintosh . Google it for more details. Or better/safer buy the cheapest mini mac. You only need an apple dev account if you want to publish the app/s. @dale i dont think it will the apple dev stuff is out for both my question is do you need a dev account from apple to do the things in the course as that will be something i need to budget for Quick question, does the course require an apple operating system? I own a PC.