The video game, cards, and figures can each be enjoyed independently of the others, but when played together your experience will be extra-awesome! Every element of the Lightseekers universe interacts with our game. That means physical trading cards, digital action figures, comics, posters, packaging, videos and more will unlock additional rewards and new content. Everything works together to make your gaming experience even more compelling. The more support we receive, the more we will create that will enhance the Lightseekers game and reward you, the player. A Large, Open World to Explore: Lightseekers takes place on the fantastical planet, Tantos. Unlike many other games, Tantos is not built from a series of small levels. We've taken great care to make Tantos a living, breathing, ever-changing world with thousands of hours of repeatable gameplay, that caters to the needs of even the most adventurous explorers. As a Lightseeker, it's up to you to unravel the mysteries of the planet's past and stop the evil umbron. That is just a small part of the larger picture. Everyone you meet and all the different areas you explore have stories to be told. We have gone to great lengths to give the planet a coherent backstory from the perspective of all its many races and more will be revealed as the game evolves. And there' s much more about the game lower down on this page... Manufactured by TOMY, world renowned for quality, our digital action figures deliver real time 2-way interaction between your hero and the game. They talk, vibrate, and use different colored lights to show levels, status, warn of impending danger and help guide gameplay - think of them as your ultimate wingman! Your hero’s evolving in-game attributes, accomplishments, and lineage are stored in perpetuity so that your hero is truly one of a kind. At launch, we'll have two playable races available, tyrax and mari. Each hero unlocks additional game content. With your support, we'll be able to expand the number of playable races available later in 2017. Having multiple figures is not essential; but it enables head-to-head minigames and multi-hero interactions. We've designed our platform so you can play up to 8 playable heroes on a single device at the same time. Model and deco sheets from our first prototypes These figures are so smart, that we're still figuring out all they can do! For starters, they can talk to each other in the game as well as when they're disconnected from the game, scan for other figures to automatically access more game content, and offer a wide variety of offline gameplay. But that's just the beginning as more features will be added over time via periodic updates. The FusionCore is a forward compatible, user-removable IoT module that bundles most of the expensive electronics into one self-contained unit. That means additional heroes will be a lot cheaper and future accessories that we haven't even designed yet will be powered by the same FusionCore (making them even more affordable). The FusionCore can also be updated wirelessly over-the-air, allowing us to provide you with regular upgrades and awesome new features and functionality over time. In addition, the game automatically remembers the last hero you played, so you can play on-the-go without your action figure. Any progress you make is then updated when your FusionCore is reconnected. Each weapon or accessory unlocks new abilities and adventures. Simply arm your hero and your weapon will instantly appear in the game! Weapons and accessories are compatible with all figures Add magical lightstones and defeat enemies in-game to level-up your weapon and wield even greater power. In-game stats and abilities are stored within, making your weapon uniquely yours. A physical sword, for example, maintains XP and magic type, and even lights up according to your stats and enchantments. Two individual weapon packs will be available at launch (in addition to the ones included in the starter packs that are outlined below): the Electro Eel Storm Order weapon and the Cogwheel Cleaver Tech Order weapon. With your help, a full arsenal of weapons will follow. Wish you could fly? Snap on a flight pack to magically control your in-game character by moving your action figure. Fly to new areas of Tantos where you can access rewards via shortcuts and guide your hero through action-packed minigames. Two flight packs will be available at launch: the Skyrider Storm Order flight pack and the Flynamo Tech Order flight pack. We aim to make a wide range of flight packs, each with different in-game abilities. The Lightseekers trading card game is a standalone physical game that includes 385+ lovingly crafted printed cards, each scannable by the Lightseekers game to unlock in-game effects such as new spells, boosts or even pets that will fight alongside you! Each card is embedded with a one time in-game bonus. Each player in the trading card game takes control of a hero who uses an arsenal of cards, featuring spells, creatures, items, and locations, to defeat their opponents. The heroes of the game use a specific branch or subset of the magical energy, which is referred to as an ‘Order’. There are six known Orders that equate to six different playstyles: Each Order contains three ‘Elements’ that generally break down the gameplay to a specific style; aggressive, defensive, or utility-based. In addition to using cards every turn to influence how your hero reacts or fights, saving cards to play devastating combo cards can be an instant game changer and turn the tide. The game is quick and easy to learn, but also provides great depth for advanced players who wish to experiment with deck building and tactical play using unique mechanics. A few of the colorful TCG characters The card game is intended for 2 players, but supports as many players as you have friends! :) Games typically last 10-15 minutes, but can vary based on deck complexity, skill level, and number of players. Lightseekers features a tactical real-time combat system that is as interactive as you want it to be, whether that is hardcore dungeon runs or casually leveling while watching your favorite show on the sofa! To support this, the combat system is flexible and caters for a wide variety of personalization. This includes abilities, talents, and control methods, just to name a few! Abilities are powerful combat moves that characters use to defeat their foes. Basic abilities are unlocked by leveling up your hero and allocating talent points, while even more powerful abilities come from combos and equipped items. Strategic choices need to be made about which abilities you have active at any one time! Mastering combos is like a minigame within the combat system itself. They are powerful abilities that need charging up before they can be unleashed. All abilities belong to an Element, and a combo will call out for different ones. If you use abilities that match the current Element of the combo, your combo multiplier will increase and you'll charge it faster! This means that ‘which ability’ you use and ‘when’ has even greater importance. Each hero has three unique talent trees, which are divided into multiple tiers. Tiers come with their own choices and also unlock new abilities as you progress through them. A hero has nine slots for equipable items. Items can have various stats and effects and come in a number of different rarities. This makes for millions of unique combinations! Some of these items can also be powered up with lightstones... They come in different types and rarities. Each one has a set of stats from a pool of more than 50, along with other magical effects, that can be unlocked and upgraded in different combinations. For maximum replayability and player tuning, the game supports a dynamic and flexible difficulty system. By default, the difficulty of the game automatically scales to the area, your level, and equipment, but you’re in full control to tweak this up or down as you please. Raising the difficulty will increase the rewards earned and also improves the variety of items and opponents you will encounter. Adjust according to how much you like pain Dungeons are designed to be relatively short, challenging combat encounters. There will be dozens of them and each one features multiple unique bosses with their own mechanics and rewards. Based on what equipment you bring, you’ll be able to access different parts of a dungeon, for additional bosses or rewards. Robot punch! Lightseekers isn’t all about combat - there are plenty of other adventures and challenges to take part in! Here are a few just to get you started. We want this to be an important aspect of the game, so you’ll find some of the world’s most powerful items will actually be crafted by your own hands! In addition to quests and puzzles, there is an ever-expanding list of side activities and minigames for you to take part in. Some of these take full advantage of the physical action figures, while others are purely digital experiences! We are currently working on the following: Tantos is a massive world that contains many mysteries to discover and hidden achievements to unlock. In your adventures, keep a keen eye out for secret items, areas, and other unique things to collect. The game hasn’t stopped just because you’ve turned it off; your heroes will be able to continue working even while you’re gone. You’ll be able to set them to perform a variety of different tasks, such as gathering resources, running dungeons, or even helping out your friends. We’re taking this to the next level - if your hero crosses the path of another that is also on an idle mission, they will trade stories and items, and you’ll find out exactly what’s happened and who you’ve met next time you start up the game. Every Mastery level you get allows you to fine-tune your hero further, for infinite improvement. These Mastery levels are shared across all your max level heroes. It’s not just your hero that improves, so do all of your pets. Each one can be leveled up individually, and improved with lightstones. They even share your Mastery levels! Your friends in Lightseekers are more than just names in a list. The game will also feature player-run guilds. You can take on shared challenges, work to better the guild, and eventually we aim to let you kit out your very own guild base! Lightseekers is more than just a game; it's a commitment. We'll update the game several times per month with new and exciting content, with the community being the driving force behind how the world evolves. We're already a long way into development, with our sights set on a full launch in March 2017. Our plan is to introduce our first two characters as starter packs which include: You'll be able to choose your Hero - mari (includes the Aquadart Crab weapon) or tyrax (comes with the Nitro Hammer weapon). Four additional accessories (two weapons and two flight packs) will be available as stand-alone items. In addition, we'll have six trading cards starter packs and booster packs to help expand your collection. In the future, we hope to provide a much broader range of collectible items. So why Kickstarter? Are you guys not fully funded? The game looks good, we’ve seen the figures and the cards…why do you guys need the money? All good questions and we thought we’d tackle them head on because we’re like that. Ok, let’s unpack this in two stages. Why are we doing it? And then Why should you back us? Other than you just think we have a good idea and you like us! Why are we doing Kickstarter? We’re an employee owned company and we’ve gone all-in on Lightseekers. The team has invested significant sums of our own money into getting things this far, and some of us don’t even draw salaries. This isn’t a pre-alpha game, it’s the real deal and all of our technology actually works! All of that stuff is already covered, so what we need to know now is, who’s excited about it? Where do they live? What do they want that we’re not doing yet? This is even more important on a new, unknown world like Lightseekers and critical when you’re dealing with a new type of product that does things differently and doesn’t have a ready comparison. What we’re hoping to raise is actually a fraction of the cost to achieve our full vision. Any additional support we receive beyond $200k will help out and naturally will be fully re-invested into the studio, allowing us to make more playable characters, more figures and accessories, more connected content, and more awesome gameplay! Finally, it’s really important that we are able to gauge demand for potential retail partners by pre-selling some of our products as well as starting to build our community on Kickstarter in advance of the game launch. Why should you back us? A safe bet. This isn’t a project in it’s infancy. We’re very far along and about to begin production. As a result, if you pay for a reward package (and we’re fully funded) you will get that package because we’ve already solved the big technical challenges and we’re ready to go. You’re getting a really, really good deal. Each package is different but all of them are a great value for the money and less expensive than post-launch pricing. Unique game content. If you back us, you get exclusive stuff and the more people back us, the more exclusive stuff you get. You can guarantee yourself cards and digital action figures at launch. Our plan is to soft launch in the USA first in a limited number of retailers. Therefore, one of the only ways to secure digital action figures or cards at launch is through this Kickstarter campaign. Hang on…If I don’t want the figures or the cards and the game is free, why should I back you? We think you will want the figures or cards eventually because they are awesome, but let’s explain our thinking here. Our packages include valuable Kickstarter exclusive in-game rewards. So back us if you want limited edition and exclusive stuff! We’re getting requests to bring the game to PC, Mac and consoles next. This is great, we want to do that too. We live to give our community what they want, but extra platforms will demand extra work, requiring more people and ultimately more cost. So backing us enables us to expand Lightseekers to more platforms. Finally, longer term we plan to make our technology platform available to other game developers and toy makers alike. So, if you would like to see next generation connected play come to your favorite toy or game, then please back this campaign. We've pioneered a groundbreaking platform and we feel we're off to a great start, but we need your help to fund our campaign, make our vision a reality, and create the future of connected play, together. We built this game for you - our fans - so tell us what's fun, and we'll make more of it! To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and packs that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. PlayFusion is an employee-owned, indie game developer and publisher. We like to think of ourselves as an eclectic group of visionaries, ninjas, scientists, wizards, code poets and gurus from the fields of games, TV & film, toy design, robotics, mechanical and electrical engineering, computer vision and artificial intelligence. Our team has also been fortunate enough to work on several of the best-selling franchises in video game history - around 150 titles over the last 20 years. Our experience stretches from the Dizzy games of the early 90s through to the modern era including Tomb Raider, Street Fighter, RuneScape, Disney Universe and many, many others along the way. We know how to craft great gameplay, immersive quest chains and how to build games that endure, but nothing so far has come close to Lightseekers in terms of ambition, scale, and pioneering innovation. We're really excited to finally share our vision with you and invite you to join us in creating the future of connected play. Support Lightseekers on YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter to unlock extra rewards! Greetings Lightseekers! We wanted to send one final Kickstarter update to let you know that all backer rewards have now been sent. If you have any questions about your rewards or believe you did not receive rewards that you were expecting, please let us know via email at <email>. We cannot thank you enough for all of your support over the past year. Please continue to follow us on social media and visit our forums. If you ever have any questions, please don't hesitate to email us at <email>. Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year to all of you! Best wishes for an amazing 2018. See you on the forums and don't forget to rotate your buffs! - The Lightseekers Team at PlayFusion Hello Lightseekers! In the next 24 hours, we will be sending out your in-game download code to claim some of your digital rewards! Be sure to look for an email from BackerKit that includes instructions on how to enter your unique code into the Lightseekers app. To enter your code just go straight to the in-game settings menu. Tap the "CLAIM KICKSTARTER REWARDS" button and enter your code, that's it. Once you have entered a valid code you will get this confirmation screen: The first group of backer rewards are already in-game waiting to be unlocked. The second group will be coming in the next game update (more detail below). You only need to enter your code once. As soon as the upcoming game update is released, your remaining game rewards will be there waiting for you. Backers will get different in-game digital rewards based on their pledge level or add-ons. The email you receive from BackerKit will outline what you're getting. Or, if you prefer, you can doublecheck your backer level in Kickstarter. The Rewards Below is where to find each of the rewards in-game, happy hunting! Pets Remember this guy? This is Glacius and (thanks to all our fantastic backers who pushed us past our first stretch goal) everyone will be unlocking him to use in-game. There are up to 4 total new pets available depending on your backer level and they all appear in your inventory as a pet collar waiting to be hatched, exactly the same as any pet you discover normally in-game. Simply select a pet collar and use it to be taken to the pets screen where it can be summoned to join you in battle! Character call-outs It's not just us here at PlayFusion who think you guys are great...Jax, Kora, Boulder and Zyrus love you too and are happy to tell you! Once you have entered your code, simply jump back to the main menu and start an Adventure Game with any of your Lightseekers figures turned on. Make sure your figure volume is turned up, the guys want to thank you personally! What the figures say is dependent on your backer level. New Dungeon Grubby Den is a beautiful crystal cave dungeon that desperately needs to become Kreebal-free. This new dungeon is easily accessed by tapping on the blue dungeon portal in Safehaven and selecting Grubby Den. Exclusive enemies and exclusive loot await within! New Quest Area Accessible from the green map portal in Safehaven is the intriguing new quest area of Drifting Plateaus. Help Dr Gunshine's expedition get to the fabled treasure cave filled with chests holding loot from across Tantos. Select the Drifting Plateaus option from the map portal to access. December game update The next update, with you before Christmas, is a big one. It's been a great year here at PlayFusion with lots going on so it is nice to finally get all our backer rewards into the game...along with some other new things. Kickstarter Rewards Character titles and visual customization for backers will both become available. More details are coming closer to the update (we're still working on them). You won't have to enter any codes though, as the content will be available for you at the next update - just download and play. NPC naming - Some of our backers wanted to name their own NPC and we've been adding these in where possible as we've gone along but what we really needed was a big new map to put them all in. We've got one now and it is chock full of your NPCs. Big, New Map - Savage Sands It's time to continue the story and Savage Sands is the new map in the heart of the tyrax desert lands. The hunt for General Carnage gathers pace...new quests, new repeatables, new puzzles, world bosses, hidden treasures and toy exclusive content. There are also new faction vendors, new pets and new loot! New Dungeon - Pit of Despair The Pit of Despair is a Storm dungeon on the edge of the rift with waves of attacking umbron disembarking from airships. Good Times at the Riftside Resort The mari oasis Riftside Resort has been under construction for a while now and Sandy-B's Smoothie Bar is now open for business. That's about it for this update. All black limited edition figures have now been shipped. Look out for your email from BackerKit in the next 24 hours for your code (check your Spam folder if you don't see it in your inbox) and the next update will be with you before Christmas. ...and finally We are putting together the remaining non-game digital rewards (digital art book, digital soundtrack) right now and they will be with you soon. Check your emails for links! Thank you to everyone for staying with us on this journey and supporting us along the way, it is always appreciated. As always, please let us know if you have any feedback or questions regarding your rewards. - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! It's been a while since we last posted an update - and there's been a lot going on! Figures, accessories, and trading cards have been on sale in the US, UK, Canada, and Australia. We've been attending events all across the US and UK introducing Lightseekers to as many new fans as possible. Our community has been growing rapidly and we have all of you to thank for helping get us started. We appreciate your patience and understanding over the last few months. Here are some key updates: Figures &amp; Accessories Wave 2 items are currently on sale in the US at Toys"R"Us and Amazon and in Canada via Amazon . These items include Tech and Storm Shields, 2-Handed Tech and Storm Weapons, 1-Handed Dread and Mountain Weapons, and Dread and Mountain Flight Packs. These items are now available for pre-order via Amazon in the UK and they'll start shipping in early November. Our two new Heroes (Zyrus and Boulder) will be available as Hero Packs within the next week on Amazon in the US and rolling out to other countries in November. These characters have already been programmed into the Lightseekers game so they're ready to go as soon as these figures get into your hands. Trading Cards Response to the Lightseekers Trading Card Game has been outstanding and we're working on a new TCG website and mobile app. Fan and single card sales sites such as deliverycrab.com , rotatingbuff.co.uk , seekerhaven.com , and the Online Lightseekers League have started to appear. We're also excited to announce that Lightseekers is now listed on tcgplayer.com as well. These sites will help you find the cards you need to build the ultimate custom deck. We're currently building out plans and kits for organized play. Our first competitive tournament will take place at PAX Unplugged on November 17-19 in Philadelphia, PA . We have plans for soon-to-be-announced regional and national tournaments for the US and UK in 2018. We're in the process of reaching out to hobby shops to increase product availability and opportunities for organized play. If you know of any stores who may be interested in carrying Lightseekers, please email their store information to <email>. We're also looking for fans who'd like to become part of our Lightseekers TCG Envoy program. Envoys help spread the word about the Lightseekers TCG and help teach others the game. If you're interested, please email us at <email>. We have card expansions planned for 2018, so stay tuned for more information coming soon! Rewards We know that we're a little late to deliver the Digital Rewards that we promised as part of our campaign. We appreciate your patience and understanding. Look for an email from us around the first two weeks of November with instructions on how to access the first batch of Digital Rewards (pets, voice over clips, dungeons, quests, digital art book, digital soundtrack, and some NPC names). Some of the other rewards (character/weapon skins and titles) will follow afterwards and we're aiming to complete them as soon as possible. Unfortunately, we are not going to deliver a Mac/PC version of the game this year. We've been working hard on a solution, but the experience we can deliver is not up to the high standards we hold for ourselves and we don't want to let you down after you've waited so long. If you pledged for the Digital Pioneer Pack, we'd like to offer you figures or trading cards as a substitute or a full refund. To make this happen, please email us at <email>. For those of you who pledged $300 or more, we have good news for you. The limited edition black figures are in en route from China and are due to arrive at our offices in the next week. There is some work we need to do to them before shipping them out, but we expect them to arrive in your hands before the end of November. In addition, you will not be required to send back your limited edition gold figures or show proof of their destruction. It's hard to believe our Kickstarter campaign kicked off just over one year ago. We've come so far since then - and we couldn't have done it without your patience and support. Thanks so much to all of you and, as always, please let us know if you have any questions or feedback. - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers and Happy Weekend!!! It's been a couple of weeks, so we thought we'd update you on our progress. Big thanks to Jane and Sophie who have been working tirelessly to get all the beta prototypes out the door. We began shipping out prototypes earlier this week and they should arrive for all backers (who pledged $300 or more) within the next couple of days. Since we're shipping all over the world from the UK, arrival times will vary based on geography but they all should be received prior the beta launch on February 15th. A few backers haven't yet agreed to the terms of the physical beta - please note that must be done before we can ship the beta prototypes. If you've pledged $300+ and haven't received/returned your physical beta agreement, please check your email (and your spam folder) and, as always, reach out to us with any questions. We'd like to introduce you to General Carnage - the leader of the sinister and deadly umbron. Are you scared or do you think you can take him down? The kreebal are a race that trace far back in the history of Tantos. Generally speaking, they can be considered intelligent...but not very. They are prone to violence and have been a minor threat to the peaceful races for as long as can be remembered. Living in small tribes, their day-to-day lives seem to mostly consist of thinking up weird reasons to start wars with whoever happens to live nearby. The mari are throwing a party? That means war! The tyrax are building a machine? Oh, that definitely means war! These wars, however, typically don't go very well for them, but at the very least they provide a bit of entertainment for the other residents of Tantos. Here's sneak peek of our Trading Card Game packaging. It's all coming together! We'd really love to hear what you think about them. Which order are you most excited to play? Finally, it's time for Episode #7 of AskPlayFusion. This episode focuses specifically on your questions about the upcoming beta. Here it is for your viewing pleasure: <url>’ve been discussing this extensively as a team. As a result we’re altering our release schedule slightly to give beta participants longer to get to grips with the game and solicit your feedback. Naturally this will slightly impact on the initial beta dates in that they’ll be a little later for most backers but the benefit is you’ll have an extended beta window as a result. We’re going to be running the Lightseekers beta in stages, this will allow us time to get your feedback and iterate on the game over and over to ensure we make the best game possible. 25th January - Beta digital action figures begin arriving We are working tirelessly to get all the figures tested and firmware updated ready for the beta, as soon as this is completed - we expect a week from now based on the time taken so far to get half way.... we will then begin shipping them to the community around the world. 15th February - Closed Beta This is where things really get interesting. The first Closed Beta (both physical and digital) will be for all our backers (from the relevant Kickstarter tiers) to playtest the Lightseekers game at as close to full launch quality as we can at this stage. It is still a beta and our test at scale so there is a possibility that not everything will be perfect but the data and feedback from our beta testers at this stage will still be invaluable to us and really help shape the experience for the next milestones. There will be an NDA (non disclosure agreement) in place during this time so please do not stream, or make videos of the game or photos of the figures and accessories. Whilst participants will have early privileged access to the Lightseekers universe, we really want to try our best to keep as much of it a surprise and "wow" for the rest of the community too so please please pretty please - no spoilers! 15th March - Closed Beta Phase 2 We will really be ramping up the number of invited players and delivering lots of new content for the community to enjoy. 17th April - Open Access We will be opening the full game to everyone across iOS, Android and Mobile and Tablet devices with official PC and Mac support coming shortly afterwards. Your figures and starter packs should arrive a bit later on but before retail stores so backers will get theirs before the general public. <url>’ve requested including private messaging, polls and badges you can unlock. More importantly the new forum system allows us to create a dedicated private area especially for beta testers where you can give your feedback and discuss the game with our developers and QA teams! We’re really looking forward to the switch over and will let you know when it’s ready, in the meantime do be sure to sign up so that you’re all ready to go! It’s going to be a really exciting year for Lightseekers and we’re going to be working incredibly hard to bring you the best possible experience on these dates. We know some of the dates are now a little later than initially planned but we want to assure you that these dates are now all firmly set in stone. Thank you once again for all your support and helping us get this far, we are beyond grateful to everyone who has backed us, supported us, "liked us" and generally encouraged us - our team really want to repay you all multiple times over with enjoyment and delight. -The Lightseekers Team Happy New Year Lightseekers! We hope you had a wonderful holiday season. Yesterday we received the most wonderful gift of all – our physical beta test figures arrived at our office! They took a little longer to arrive due to some delays at customs, but they look amazing and we couldn’t possibly be more excited! It took our entire team a few hours to unload the truck. The next step for us is to flash the firmware on each FusionCore. This is a manual process which should take us a little time. We flashed the first one last night and we’re pleased to report that everything worked exactly as planned. Those you of who will be participating in the physical beta test, please keep an eye out for an email that will arrive next week. It will include a few legal documents that you will need to review and agree to. Once we have your agreement, then we will be able to ship your physical beta test figures to you. Reports from China are positive regarding toy production. We're keeping a close eye on the potential impact of Chinese New Year when factories close down for almost a month. Hopefully this won’t impact our production timeline too much. We are excited to share with you some new Wave 2 accessories that we’ve developed in addition to what was revealed during our Kickstarter campaign. New one handed weapons Later this year, we’ll be introducing some new one handed weapons themed around the Dread and Mountain Orders. These will have their own special abilities and are compatible with all Lightseekers Heroes. Two handed weapons We’ve also developed our first two handed weapons for the Tech and Storm Orders. Two handed weapons take up both weapon slots on your character but offer additional firepower. The two currently in the works are the Storm themed Tempest Rod, a crushing melee weapon and the Tech themed C-Tech Cannon, a powerful firearm that packs a serious punch! New Flight Packs We’ll be releasing two new flight packs themed around the Mountain and Dread Orders. These are compatible with all Lightseekers Heroes, include special abilities, and unlock new areas of the game. Shields! In Wave 2, you’ll be able to give yourself some extra protection with our collection of Storm and Tech themed shields! These offer defensive bonuses and also unlock their own unique skills. They take up a weapon slot on your action figure so you can attack and defend yourself at the same time. It’s been an exciting start to the new year. Thanks so much for your support. We can’t wait to bring Lightseekers to life in 2017!!! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers Backers! Thanks so much to all of you who have completed your backer surveys. We've received over 1,100 completed surveys so far - with ten days to go before the lock-down date. If you haven't done so already, it’s important that you complete the survey as soon as you can so that we can get your rewards to you as quickly, easily, and accurately as possible. The survey should take less than five minutes to complete. If you did not receive your survey, please look in your spam folder or CLICK HERE and we'll re-send it! Please reach out to us with any questions or concerns. As you all know, one of our Kickstarter community rewards was to celebrate a Follower of the Month on Twitter and a Fan of the Month on Facebook . We're delighted to reveal that on Twitter we selected the extremely dedicated @HumanGammaBomb and on Facebook the tenacious David Krout! Congratulations to both of you, you'll each be receiving a goody bag full of Lightseekers themed merchandise! We also wanted to share with you the results of the naming and location polls - our fans have spoken: Pet name: Glacius NPC name: Chronax Location to reveal next: Ashwood Thanks for all of your continued support. Please don't hesitate to reach out with any questions and we'll get back to you as quickly as we can. - The Lightseekers Team Hello Awesome Lightseekers Backers, Great news – our survey testing has been going well – and we’ll be sending Reward Surveys via email beginning Monday November 21st . (Rather than sending them over the weekend, we want to make sure we have plenty of people on hand to answer any potential questions you may have.) The purpose of this update is to provide clear instructions about the survey process. We have partnered with BackerKit, a respected organization within the crowdfunding community, to help make the survey and shipment process run as smoothly as possible. It’s important that you complete the survey as soon as you can so that we can get your rewards to you as quickly, easily, and accurately as possible. The survey should take less than five minutes to complete. Please note that your credit card has already been charged for the amount that you pledged (and thank you again for your support!). This survey will allow you to select the items you want, change your reward level, allocate your pledge across different add-ons, or increase your pledge to include additional add-ons. Please be sure to use all available credits as we cannot give refunds. Survey Email Your survey will be sent to the same email address that you used to pledge with on Kickstarter. When you get your survey, be sure to click on the "Click Here to Respond" button. Here is a snapshot of what the email will look like: Get Started Page Next, you'll see a page that looks like this: It will list how much you pledged, the pledge level (or reward pack) that you selected, and your country for shipping. If you would like to switch your pledge level, you can click on “Want to switch your pledge level?” (circled in red above). If you don’t want to switch your pledge level, click the green box to get started. Survey Questions Next, you will be asked no more than five questions about the pledge level you’ve chosen. Depending on your pledge level, these questions may include which hero or starter pack you want, how you want your name to appear in the game credits, confirmation of your email address for delivery of digital items, and why you chose to back Lightseekers. Add-Ons Then, you will have an opportunity to choose add-ons! This is done in a similar way to online shopping. You can choose specific items and add them to your cart. Any difference between your pledge and reward level will be listed as an available credit to be allocated. (In the example below, a backer made a $200 pledge for a $150 reward level, leaving $50 in available credit to apply towards add-ons.) If you’d like to increase your pledge at this time to include more add-ons, you can do this as well. You will be asked for your credit card information only if you select add-ons beyond your original pledge amount. There are no incremental shipping fees beyond what was already outlined during our Kickstarter campaign (although digital-only backers from AUS/NZ/LATAM who add-on physical items to their orders may incur a small shipping fee). If you are assessed a shipping charge of $999.99 this is because we are unable to ship physical items to countries outside of United States, Canada, Latin America*, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. If this happens, remove the physical items from your order and/or contact us at the email below with any questions regarding shipping fees or unusable credits due to shipping issues. *Unfortunately, we are unable to ship to Mexico or Brazil. Shipping You will only be asked to enter your shipping address if you are receiving any physical items. Information about digital items will be sent to you via email (you will be sent a link to download any digital or in-game rewards). Confirmation &amp; Credit Card Information The final page allows you to review your order and add your credit card information if you selected add-ons beyond your original pledge amount. Be sure to click “confirm” to ensure we receive your order. Other Important Information You must complete your survey before the lock-down date of Friday December 9, 2016 . After that, your order cannot be changed or modified via the BackerKit survey. After the lock-down date, we have to confirm your selections manually which is a much more time consuming and difficult process for you (and we don't want that!). Please note that you will still be able to change your shipping address up until we’re ready to ship your order. Credit card charges for any add-on purchases beyond your initial pledge will be processed on Monday December 12, 2016. Again, thanks so much for backing our campaign and for all your continued support. If you have any questions, please contact BackerKit at <url>#contact-us or email us at <email>. - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! Our campaign has come to an end, but it's just the beginning for us. We're full speed ahead on game development and production of our figures, accessories, and cards. We couldn't have done it without your tremendous support, and thanks to all of you, we finished strong! This is our first Kickstarter and 50% of our backers are new to Kickstarter. So many of us are learning as we go. The next step is for us to send you a survey that allows you to provide your mailing address for shipment of physical items, enter your email address for delivery of digital items, and select which specific items you'd like to receive (sizes, designs, characters, decks, etc.). It is a pretty complex process for us (that we want to make as easy as possible for you) and we only get to send it once, so we're going to take our time to get it right. Our goal is to send you the survey in about two weeks. Since we finished the campaign strong yesterday, we unlocked a stretch goal and a new community goal. First, since we hit $225,000, every backer will receive a Tier 1 in-game pet. This is exclusive to our Kickstarter backers, so there will only be 1,635 of these pets in existence. In addition, we hit 40,000 Facebook Fans! That means we'll be announcing our Facebook Fan of The Month at the end of November. Make sure you follow us on Facebook for your chance to win. We have been providing updates frequently during our campaign. From now on, we'll switch to weekly updates. We want to respect your time and email inbox. The updates will include the latest on beta test timing, figure and card production, delivery dates for physical items, and how to access your in-game rewards. If you have any questions at any time, please don't hesitate to reach out to us. We'll continue to reply to messages and comments on Kickstarter, on our social pages, and on the Forums at Lightseekers.com . On behalf of everyone at PlayFusion, thank you so much for giving us the opportunity to turn our vision into reality - it wouldn't be possible without your support! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! The last 30 days have been an amazing ride. Thanks for being with us every step of the way! With only 17 hours to go, we're only a few thousand dollars away from unlocking our first stretch goal (an exclusive pet for all backers) and less than two hundred Facebook fans away from unlocking another community goal reward (Facebook Fan Of The Month)! To celebrate the end of our Kickstarter campaign, please join us tomorrow on Facebook Live at 3:30pm UK time (which is 11:30am EDT/8:30am PDT). This live stream is a reward that was unlocked when we smashed our community goal of 35,000 Facebook fans. Come prepared with questions for the PlayFusion team and be ready for a few fun surprises. If you can't join live, be sure to catch the action later in the day on Facebook . You don't want to miss it! If you have any last minute questions, please let us know. But don't worry, we're not going anywhere. We'll continue to reply to messages and comments on Kickstarter, on our social pages, and on the Forums at Lightseekers.com. We'll also send backer updates to keep you up to date on our progress as we begin beta testing and production of our figures and cards. Talk soon, - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! With only 40 hours left, and by popular demand, we'd like to introduce one more add-on. Many of you have backed the $50, $60, or $99 reward levels and have asked us for the ability to add-on pets. The Digital Mini-Pack includes three Kickstarter exclusive pets and an in-game quest area that can be added to your pledge for only $10. In addition, we've added a second T-shirt design. You can now choose from either the colorful Bubblefish or black and white Six Orders design. Each Augmented Reality T-Shirt can be added-on to your pledge for just $15. To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a T-Shirt ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the design and size that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. We're SO CLOSE to unlocking our first stretch goal - an exclusive Tier 1 pet for all Kickstarter backers. Thanks so much for your continued support! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! There's only 60 hours left to go! Many of you have asked for a Lightseekers T-Shirt, so here it is! For just $15 you can add this awesome Augmented Reality T-Shirt to your pledge. The front features the six orders in white and the back features the Lightseekers logo. Scan your shirt with the Lightseekers game for awesome augmented reality effects. To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a T-Shirt ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the size that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. We're also pleased to announce that Lightseekers has passed 5,000 Twitter followers! Reaching that community goal means you've unlocked a new reward. Later this month, we'll be announcing the first Lightseekers Twitter Follower of the Month. Be sure to follow Lightseekers on Twitter for your chance to win. You're also extremely close to reaching community goals for Facebook Fans and YouTube Subscribers . Help unlock more rewards - there's only 60 hours left! Thanks for all of your support these past three weeks. We couldn't have done it without you. Let's finish strong so we can unlock stretch goals for everyone!!! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! On behalf of everyone at PlayFusion, we'd like to thank every single one of our 1,310 backers who helped us reach our goal of $200,000. Thanks to you, Lightseekers is now full speed ahead! We're incredibly appreciative and energized by your support. With one week left, there's still time to reach some of our stretch goals which unlock even more rewards for our amazing Kickstarter backers. Many of you have asked about the 888 limited edition smart action figures that you get to keep as part of the $300 pledge levels and above. Here is a sneak peek of the tyrax - it is a rendering of what the figure may look like. It is not final, so it could change a bit between now and when we produce them. What do you think? And finally, because you helped us surpass 1,500 Twitter followers (now over 4,300!), you've unlocked another community goal reward. This time, you get to name a non-player character in the Lightseekers game! (See below) Master of quantum theory, the Warden of Time guards the precious tyrax secrets of temporal variance. Should his name be General Relativity, Chronax, or Quantum?!? CLICK HERE TO CAST YOUR VOTE! Have a wonderful weekend and thank you all so much for your support! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! With just about 8 days to go, we're at 82% of our goal! We cannot thank you enough for all of your support and encouragement. Please tell all of your friends to back us so we can finish strong! Thanks to our 30,000 rabid Facebook Fans, you've unlocked another community goal reward. This time, you get to help us name a pet in the Lightseekers game. A pretty cool customer, this slippery pet is part slime and part combat icicle. What should it's name be?!? CLICK HERE TO CAST YOUR VOTE! We've also added a new video to our campaign page featuring TOMY Design Director Alpesh who shows us what makes the Lightseekers action figures so special. You can view the video here: <url>“Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on an Electro Eel Storm Order Weapon ($10), enter $70 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and weapons that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. We've also just posted Episode #4 of #AskPlayFusion, where Nick answers questions about Lightseekers posed by members of our community. Here it is for your viewing pleasure: <url>#AskPlayFusion. We want to hear from you and we look forward to answering any questions you may have. Next week, we'll be delivering two new community goal unlock polls where you'll be able to name an in-game pet and an NPC. So stay tuned for further updates. Have a wonderful weekend and thanks again for all your support! - The Lightseekers Team Hello Lightseekers! What a whirlwind two weeks its been - thanks to your tremendous support! We've seen ALL TEN of our $1,000 Designer Packs get claimed and (as of this writing) there are ONLY TWELVE $500 Completionist Packs remaining! While that's pretty awesome, it's also left us with quite a sizable gap between our $300 Legendary Pack and the $10k Lightseeker Pack. Some of you have expressed interest in some of the $10k elements if offered at a lower reward tier. So we've decided to add another reward level - the $2,500 Lightseeker "Light" Pack. It includes everything in the $10k pack except attending the VIP launch party and going for a crushing ride in Bertha, the PlayFusion tank. There will only be 20 of these packs available. This pack includes a one-of-a-kind, customized Lightseekers Laser Engraved iPad Pro (12.9" 128GB). You can work with our design team to select your favorite character and approve the artwork prior to engraving. We've also received a handful of questions about the $10k pack as well. If you are interested in this pack, please message us and we can work with you on specific details. We've found this to be extremely helpful for the two awesome backers who've already pledged at this level. While this reward does not include airfare, we will cover travel expenses for you and a guest from anywhere in England to Cambridge and back. Our VIP launch party has not yet been scheduled, but we'll give you plenty of notice so you can plan ahead. Also, we're pretty flexible so we're happy to host you and a guest for a team meet-and-greet and tank ride on a different date or time that works best for you. Be sure to join us tomorrow on Twitch ( <url>’s Most Ultimate Air Mattress The last air mattress you will ever need! 20 sec to inflate, comfortable, durable, colorful and easy to carry. Take a rest. Anywhere! CLICK HERE ___________________________________________________________________________ LVL – The First Wearable Hydration Monitor LVL is a wearable hydration monitor that gives you the complete picture of your health by also tracking activity, sleep, mood and HR! CLICK HERE ____________________________________________________________________________ Get Weight off your Shoulder w/ C-REST 10 minutes! Relieve Stress in Neck &amp; Shoulder. C-REST is comfortable personal massager. Portable, so you can rest anywhere! CLICK HERE Thank You Lightseekers!!! From all of us at PlayFusion, thank you so much for helping us raise over $100,000 and putting us over halfway to our goal with 20 days to go in our campaign. We couldn't have done it without your support and generosity. Please continue to spread the word since we still have a long way to go! For your viewing pleasure, Alan and Tobias have pulled together another episode of #AskPlayFusion. This time featuring our very own Benny (looking slightly less creepy than in our $50k thank you video). If you have questions you'd like us to answer, you can always put them in the comments section or post them on social media with the hashtag #AskPlayFusion. Maybe you'll be featured in our next video! <url>“Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and packs that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. We're also very close to reaching the first tier of our community goals. If you haven't done so already, please follow us Facebook and Twitter and subscribe to our YouTube channel! Everyone have a safe and wonderful weekend. Thank you for being a part of the Lightseekers community. The Lightseekers Team Check out these great campaigns that are helping us reach our goals along our Kickstarter journey! Purple® Pillow: The World's First No-Pressure Head Bed No more lumpy foam, stabby feathers and melty memory foam. Introducing the Purple® Pillow, the first innovation in pillows since geese! CLICK HERE ________________________________________________________________________ Solo Stove Bonfire | The World's Most Unique Fire Pit We are bringing family and friends together around the world's most beautiful, efficient and unique fire pit! CLICK HERE __________________________________________________________________________ Volt Planner - Reach Your Goals in 2017 A proven goal-setting, planning, and productivity system for superstars. Make 2017 your best year yet! CLICK HERE __________________________________________________________________________ SIMpro - SIMplify the way you connect: Anytime, Anywhere! One device to control multiple SIM cards, phones and data connection. With SIMpro you never need to switch SIM cards or phones again! CLICK HERE Greetings Lightseekers! Recently we added the option to add a card starter deck from one of the six Orders onto your Kickstarter pledge. Some of you rightly pointed out that you don’t know all that much about how each order plays so to make things simpler we’ve broken them down into the Orders and their Elements! Astral Astral is heavily influenced by the past as well as the future. What is at the top of your discard pile and what is coming next from the deck is of great importance. Solar - Plan ahead to align your discard pile in order to achieve heavy burst damage. Lunar - Chain with damage and utility for increased survivability as well as damage output. Gravity - Helps you in enabling your card chains and generating a bigger hand size. Dread Dread overwhelms the target with 'damage over time' effects while suppressing their ability to fight back. Poison - Apply steady trickle damage and amplify that damage. Death - Leech health from targets and turn it into healing for yourself. Shadow - Supplements Poison and Death, and strengthens the Order's late game potential by returning cards from the discard pile. Mountain Mountain is a jack-of-all-trades Order with strong combo defences and sustained protection. Fire - A steady output of attack damage and methods to keep a wounded enemy down. Earth - Preemptive damage mitigation and slow but steady healing. Crystal - Complement your attack bursts with delayed damage spikes and defences after getting attacked. Nature Nature gains most power when it carefully tends to its buffs and draws strength from the state of its opponent. Animal - Command the beasts of nature to fight for you, through a mix of sustained damage from buffs and attacks timed at the right opportunity. Forest - While lacking reliable burst heals, Forest has tools to prevent falling too far behind and slowing down the tempo until its potential has fully grown. Soul - Helps you protect and maintain your pool of buffs, and also lets you take advantage of its growth. Storm Storm has ways to play cheaper and more powerful combos, and is also good at dealing with buff threats, but at the cost of good buff protection for itself. Lightning - Contains a steady supply of attack damage and ways to set up for bursts. Water - Provides a good array of spike healing and long term damage reduction. Air - Provides a variety of means to play combos more easily as well as making them more powerful. Tech The somewhat unsafe inventions of the tyrax pack a bigger punch than most other cards, but also put you in greater danger. Use the power of Time to make the most out of them! Explosives - Has a lot of delayed, heavy hitting buffs, but many of them will also catch you in the explosion. Mechanical - Allows you to make the most out of your crazy inventions, to provide some survivability in the chaos. Time - Lets you mess around with Time itself to change the state of buffs and move cards between the past, present, and future. Rewards Chart Following your feedback we have added a rewards grid image onto the page which shows what you will receive from each pledge tier. If you have specific rewards in mind and what to identify which package will get you the best selection then this should help a lot! Booster Pack add on As well as adding a Starter Pack onto your order you can now add 4 Booster packs! To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and packs that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. Thank you for your continued support, we are so close to the halfway point of our goal with 22 days to go! Please continue to share our Kickstarter page with your friends, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! The Lightseekers Team Greetings Lightseekers! It’s been an awesome couple of days for everyone here at PlayFusion, we are truly humbled by the fantastic response we’ve had to Lightseekers! We’ve been listening to your comments and feedback so we thought we’d share a few updates with you. Card Starter Pack Add On Good news! You can now add a card starter pack onto your pledge! All you need to do is click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign is over we will send out a survey to our backers where you will be able to select the characters and packs that you want. We’ll be looking into other add on’s that we can introduce later too, so keep your suggestions coming in the comments! BackerClub We are extremely excited for our campaign to be featured on BackerClub.co ! BackerClub is an awesome community for those who are really serious about supporting Kickstarter projects and we are eager to get more feedback and support from their community! Frequently Asked Questions There is a lot of information and reward options to process on our page so we’re making things a bit easier for you. We’ve put together an extensive FAQ on the most common topics we’ve seen so far and you can find it on our website here ! Once again, thank you everyone for your support so far, we’re looking forward to sharing more updates with you soon! We've seen an amazing start to our Kickstarter campaign, within just 48 hours we have managed to raise over $50,000 or 25% of our target has been pledged by our amazing friends! We do still have long way to go though, so please share our Kickstarter page to help us make Lightseekers a reality! Lightseekers Website - Sign up - <url>"destroying" a figure? would shipping be covered to return said figures? Emailing us a photo of a destroyed figure would suffice. What else you you want to know? Thanks for backing us! Hi Robin, first of all thanks for your feedback. It's our first Kickstarter, so we're learning on the go. Because our platform has so many different elements, it was really tough to determine the best way to structure them. We wanted to offer a variety of reward levels (without offering too many or being too confusing) and offer something for those who lean more towards digital-only play, figure play, or trading card play. I guess we separated them too much and ended up making things more confusing than we wanted. Unfortunately, now that our campaign is live - KS won't let us change them. Robin, nothing would stop you from having a friend pledge on the $15 trader pack for you. We just wanted to give people as many options as possible to try to the trading card game because it's so awesome. We also thought people who bought the $15 pack may want to add-on a second pack so they can play a proper game. A booster pack add-on is a good idea. We'll look into adding that this week. Thanks for the suggestion! Maybe we do digital rewards as an add-on to the $50/$60 pack? What do you think? Hey Adam, we're still finalizing the waiver. What are you curious about? Maybe we can answer. Aurelien, thanks for the kind words. To clarify, the Cardseeker pack just includes what is listed. The only physical items in this pack are the cards. The rest are digital in-game rewards and inclusion in the digital beta test. Hopefully that helps. Let us know if you have any additional questions. @David, thanks for your comment. We're really sorry if our tier structure was off-putting to you. That was definitely not our intent! It's our first Kickstarter, so we're learning on the go. Because our platform has so many different elements, it was really tough to determine the best way to structure them. We wanted to offer a variety of reward levels (without offering too many or being too confusing) and offer something for those who lean more towards digital-only play, figure play, or trading card play. I guess we missed the mark with your interests and we're sorry about that. We'd like to better understand exactly what you're looking/hoping for. We'll message you directly to learn more. PC release? Bad idea to Support Lightseekers. Changed the Focus to the card game and i cant remember to have a Mail about it. I tought its a digital game with figures and cards as a AR Bonus And ingame Features. when will we have the SGT. Ironbark toy and other weapon toys. Hi, I've come to play the game again after a few months away from it and was wondering where my in game rewards are and how I get them? Thanks Hi Tim. We have no update on a PC version of the RPG as right now we have shifted our focus onto the Lightseekers card game which has been hugely successful. If you backed solely for the PC version of the RPG we recommend reaching out to <email> to discuss potential options. So on the campaign page you stated that this was coming to PC and Mac shortly after launch. It must be a year already or nearly a year since launch. This was the reason I backed the campaign, knowing that the PC release was just behind tablets and mobile. My figures are collecting dust.. Can we have an update on PC release please. Hi Pedro. We're working with hobby and gaming stores across the UK and USA to sell the Lightseekers trading card game currently. We've shifted over all manufacturing, marketing and distribution of the Lightseekers brand over to PlayFusion so that's necessitated a small change in focus. We've put new distribution of the figures on hold for the time being to focus on the card game and aim to revisit the figures later on. So who is going to sell lightseekers now that toys r' is is gone? Perfect, now is available :D , thanks !!! Hi Diego. We're not 100% sure on your question but the Google Play stores are region locked so you would need to download it from the country you are in. The app is now available worldwide so you should just need to visit your app store, lookup Lightseekers and download the latest version. Hi, I'm trying to download the game with several gmail accounts in different countrys (argentina, italy, uk) and with no one of that ones I can download the game. How I can do it? Thanks in advance. Diego. Hey Alexander. If you log into the game (not the menu) and click 'Settings' you will see a button to redeem a code. Where do i enter the digital goods code in the game? i can't seem to find the button. Hi Nathan. Don't worry, your parcel should be safely on it's way. We can't currently give out individual tracking numbers but your order should be with you within the next week or so. Hello, is it possible to get any tracking info or even just an estimated arrival time for the limited edition figures? I haven't received anything yet. As I'm all the way down in Australia, I'm not necessarily expecting them super fast, but I also don't want to leave it way too late to act if they do end up being late or missing :) Hey Lukáš. We have no timeline for when Lightseekers may be available in the Czech Republic as it depends on when the figures would be available there. Lightseekers in Czech Republic.Date. Hi all. The outstanding limited edition figures should now be on their way to everyone :) Hey guys. Apologies for the mix up with additional Limited Edition figures. Our team are working to get those sent out as soon as possible. If you email <email> it will help our team locate your details and send you the additional figure more quickly. Yeah I emailed them as well and haven't gotten a reply yet.... They should be able to get that information from our names... But if they need proof I can always go back on Backerkit and take a screencap of it and send it to them... Either way I need that figure... It's looking like they forgot everyone who ordered the second figure.... Are we supposed to get some kind of confirmation or email back because I emailed the address and haven’t heard anything back towards my missing figure as well? Sadly I have to report as everyone else I added the second prototype is well and I receive my package today with only one figure I’m missing Mari Yes I bought the extra figure through backerkit... I'll send you a email then Hi guys. You should only receive the one limited edition figure unless you purchased an additional one via BackerKit. If you did and are missing one please email <email> so we can chase this for you. I’m in the same boat with Lauren, I never got my Mari just the Jax. Just making sure it’s still incoming. Thank you, -Adam Hey guys I just got the Black Limited Edition figure but I didn't get the other one... I'm missing the Mari figure... Is this being shipped separately? Hey James, sorry for the late reply, you'll be able to use your current FusionCore on the new hero :) I'd love to see the new Lightseekers in action! I'm interested in boulder but I want to hear his voice and see his play style! Also, will i just pop in Jax' core, or will he need his own? It is not currently possible to delete a character from the app but you should only be able to have one digital version of a character at a time. If you send in a bug report highlighting that the character was made in error it may be possible for our team to take a closer look. HI guys, I wanted to ask how is it possible to delete a new character from the app, as my sons friends got happy and filled all the slots with Jax :) Thanks in advance for your help. Hi Karl. You can now order the wave 2 weapons and cards from Amazon.co.uk. I don't want to complain about not receiving various rewards, but I keep seeing posts about new add-ons that your releasing that us in the UK don't have access to. As well as this where can we buy additional card to complete my collection? Hi Jason. We totally understand the frustration and are working on an update which we hope will go out to our backers soon. I'm just wondering when PC support will be happening. I have all of my physical stuff. :P I know I feel like a broken record but any updates to give us at this point. It seems week after week we're simply told you guys will check with TOMY and get back to us on our rewards. Guys, at this point you have to see that you're really ignoring those of us who helped out the most and took the biggest risk in you guys and effectively don't have any of our LE rewards while you continue to sell worldwide in many stores now. It doesn't even seem like you guys are trying to make it right, I mean at this point you could be strategizing some bonus of some kind to make it up to the highest backers or at least be giving us regular updates. Hi Lauren. We completely appreciate that backers would like more information on the LE figures. Currently we're talking to TOMY about exactly when you can expect your figures and are aiming to update you all as soon as that is confirmed. I have to agree with Jason L. All the backers should of gotten the rewards first before shifting priorities to everyone else. Especially those who backed the $300+ levels. It's been a long time now like two months + since we got the regular rewards. But for those who backed the LE figures and other exclusives haven't gotten them yet. I almost forgot about it till I remembered now. And there hasn't been a official update about this which is concerning. Yes it's good you been giving mini updates in the comment section but a official update to address what's happening with the LE would be a good idea... Hi Jason. We totally appreciate that you may be frustrated not to have all of your Kickstarter rewards just yet. We most certainly are not abandoning or ignoring you. We aren't a huge company so we have a limited amount of resources to focus on various areas of the game. Whilst we do completely appreciate the amazing support our Kickstarter backers have provided there are areas of the game that need our focus in order to ensure the best long term future of Lightseekers. If we can offer a greater experience for everyone then your Kickstarter rewards will have much more value and importance in the long run. I loved this KS and the obvious level of care you guys have for your world. This was honestly one of my favorite ks experiences so it pains me to say this now. As time has went by I feel like priorities have shifted and you guys are forgetting about those of us who trusted in you before contracts with Amazon/TRU/Targets and before anyone knew what Lightseekers were. We in this KS helped you to make this a reality. Now none of us have any digital rewards with no ETA because you need to focus on the game being the best for everyone first and those who pledged the most and took the highest risk in you and put our trust also don't have LE figures with no ETA when those will come because we're told TOMY has to focus on the mass market first and then when things settle down will try to move resources to those figures. It feel like we've become no priority with no sign of making it right or up the all backers and especially those who gave of themselves the most. Personally I'm starting to get a little disappointed in what was a phenominal experience up until now. Hi Sabrina. The digital rewards are not yet available. We received a huge amount of data and feedback when we opened the game up to the world and this has resulted in us needing to take the time to focus on improvements and fixes to the base game so that everyone has the greatest experience possible. This has impacted our original timeline somewhat but once that's all sorted we'll be able to talk more about when the digital rewards will be available :) When will the digital rewards be given? It said late July in the last update but August is coming to an end soon. Will there be another update so we can be notified when the digital rewards are ready? Did I miss something and they're already out? Hi DarkHenrik. We don't have a timescale for that currently. We're able to offer the app in countries once TOMY is able to offer preorders of the figures and cards. hi, me again. When will the Lightseekers app game be available for download here in Norway? Hi Jason. There appears to have been a small mix up. Some stores may have the wave 2 items in stock but they are not yet ready for the game and may not work when equipped. We'll let everyone know when they're officially available. Hey Guys, did Wave 2 accessories all come out? I just went to TRU and picked up the two shields and two hand held weapons just now and was totally surprised to see them. Never even saw you guys announce their release?! Hey DarkHenrik. Right now you'd need to buy another Starter Pack, however we will be releasing the characters individually a little later in the year. individual characters won't include the FusionCore so they'll be cheaper. there is another question i have. If i want to get another Lightseeker character after having purchased one of the starter packs (i recently purcashed the Mari pack) do i need to buy the other starter pack to get the other character? Hi DarkHenrik. The PC version is not yet available and is still being worked on. Although we can't confirm the specifics of how the PC version might work just yet it is very likely you will need a camera for the cards, otherwise the game may have no way to 'see' them. hi, its me again. I also wants to know how the card scan function will work on a pc. Do i need a camera in order to scan the cards? Don't worry Lauren. They haven't been ignored or forgotten about. We just need to wait until TOMY is able to produce them which hopefully shouldn't be long now :) Thanks again for the mini update about the LE figures. I was just going to ask about them since it's been a while lol Hi DarkHenrik. They would connect the same way they do on mobile, via Bluetooth. hi DarkHenrik again, i just wanted to know how the figures would be connected to the game when the pc version is released. Hi Dimitrios. All physical rewards should already have arrived for everyone who completed their BackerKit survey. Could you send us an email at <email> and we'll see if we can chase down your order. Good morning team, Loving the game so far as I get to play it with my son. I was wondering when we should receive the cards as I have not had them yet and I am waiting for 2 different pledges ( 2 accounts) on the same address in the UK. Any idea if possible? Thanks again and keep up the excellent work. kind regards D. Sideris Don't worry Jason, you absolutely have not been forgotten about. TOMY need to focus on getting the first batch of Lightseekers figures and accessories out there and then they can free up their manufacturing machines to focus on the limited edition versions. Hey Guys, It's been almost a month since that comment towards LE figures and at this point the figures are officially released and most all backers should have I imagine. Are the LE figures even on anyone's radar because at this point it seems like those of us within those tiers might have been forgotten about or at very least no priority of anyone's at all although we spent the most for these tiers and helped out the most. Thanks for the mini update about the limited figures :) Hey Jason. We don't currently have that information as TOMY is focused on getting all the preorders and backer figures ready to go. We'll happily let you know when you can expect your limited edition figures once we known more :) Hey Guys, I'm curious, do we have any approximate ETA on when the limited edition version of the figs will be going out to us backers who pledged the $300 and up tiers? Hey Thaysula. No update currently as it depends on when TOMY are able to offer distribution there. If you don't have access currently Kickstarter backers can email us at <email> and we can see what we can do for you. Just got my figures today. So is there any update to when the app will be available on the Australian iOS store? Hi Dakotah. Some are still being sent out by TOMY. We unfortunately have no tracking information but if you email <email> we'll see what we can do to help from our end. I havent received mine yet. Is there anyway of tracking it? Thanks Robert! The response has been awesome so far! Hi Jonathan. US backers should already be receiving their rewards. It can take a while depending on where you are in the US but they should be all on their way. You can check your address via your backer kit <url>"ooooh" when I first switched it on). I messed about with it and the AR card scanning function so much that I'm yet to play the actual game. Hi Paul, quick question. Are the Special edition Jax/Kora packs also shipping out now for those of us who also are getting those or will they too be going out later like accessories? Received all the card packs today in Spain. Everything seems to be in order. I'm sleeving the cards and hoping to play a few games soon. Hi Craig. If you contact TOMY on 01271 336155 they should be able to help replace your hammer. Hi Karl. Your physical rewards are going out on an 'as ready' basis so you may receive Starter Packs before your accessories. Don't worry though, they will be on their way soon enough. Just received my starter packs and they look fantastic, the card starter set boxes were a bit battered in transit but still in 1 piece luckily. I can't wait to unbox everything later but just wondering why the flight packs and weapon accessories weren't in the package? Hi Craig. Unfortunately it sounds like there is a fault in the hammers hardware. We're reaching out to TOMY now to determine what you'll need to do to get it replaced ASAP. Hi Paul, the Jax figure works fine it connects to the game and I can use kora's weapon twitch him but both jax and kora don't register the hammer when connected to the hands Hi Craig. Is your FusionCore connected and fully charged? Do you have any problem connecting the figure to the game? I have a problem the hammer in nyjax starter pack does not register when I connect it to my figure I have even tried it with Kira but nothing happens,please gelp Thanks for the Info. That's fantastic to know. Eagerly looking forward to opening my starter packs tonight and showing them to friends. Pretty excited to see them arrive earlier than I expected. Hey all, just to update you that physical rewards are going out when they are ready. Don't be alarmed if you don't receive all of your order right away. Starter packs should be arriving first with weapons and accessories coming in later batches. Yay just got my figures and now look forward to playing with them but when will flight packs and t shirts be sent? This user's account has been deleted. Just received my figures this morning and I'm very excited to open them once work is over. Quick question regarding the Flight Packs. I ordered one of each flight pack, will they be shipped separately or should I expect them in the box? Awesome to hear Daniel! My cards arrived today (Northern UK). Tech Starter and boosters! Very exciting! Love the quality and can't wait to get a game now. Hi Pantelis. Please can you email <email> with the details so we can raise this with our QA team. Is there anyway to reset my game I think my guy got stuck in the latest build. I keep taking quests and they disappear and I can't find anymore quests. Or do much of anything I can't wait! This big kid is excited! Hi DarkHenrik. Lightseekers will be coming to PC but as mentioned in the campaign that will be shortly after launch on mobile. You will still receive your backer rewards. hi, im one of the backers and the reason i backed was because i wanted to also be able to play this game on my pc which if i remember right was at one point said could happen. Given that i did not join the beta test (because i don't have a tablet to play the game on) i hope i still can get my backer rewards if the game is released on pc. I bought the Digital Pioneer Pack just so you know. Who else is super exited about getting thier figures soon? Thanks Paul! In spite of no tracking I received my AWESOME art along with the booster packs. I like that you guys are sending the boxes they will be displayed in! I am extremely pleased. Funny thing is Tomy is in Illinois right down the road from me. Lol Hi Emily. The shipping of cards has been handled via TOMY. They used their own distribution system which unfortunately did not include sending tracking details to recipients. OK the only bad comment.... And I think this is the only one I will ever make.... Why no tracking for shipping? A package was to be delivered today... And unfortunately DHL doesn't try again until Monday (closed on sat & sun).I didn't even know I was getting a package. If I would have had the tracking info I could have notified them to just leave the package and I wouldnt have to wait or waste their time redelivering it. That's all. @Paul. Thanks the email reply I got, very quickly I might add, said the same. I guess patience isn't one of my virtues. Hi Daniel. A quick follow up to that, non-USA orders are still arriving. The cards are shipped from TOMY in the USA so it may take a little while longer for international backers to receive their orders. Hi Daniel. Please email <email> and we'll see what we can do. @Paul No I wasn't due anything signed. And haven't received anything to date. Hi Justin. Digital rewards will come later on, most likely around or slightly after full launch in July and not during the Open Access stage. We'll let you know when you can expect them and how to receive them as soon as we can. Hi Daniel. Unless you are expecting signed booster packs then you should already have received these. Please let us know if that is not the case so we can chase it up with TOMY. Not just pets but all digital exclusives When do we get the exclusive pets, and how will they be distributed? Do we get them with launch next week, is there a code? Loving seeing this come together. Just want to ask I added on my pledge for a Card Starter Pack and x4 Card Booster Packs. Have these been sent out with all the card based pledges that have already gone out or will they come separately? Sorry if this has already been asked. Hi Craig, we want to ensure the AR for them is perfect before we send them out. We're expecting to get that done very soon though. Hi just a quick question, How long till the t-shirts get sent? @Robert Not currently but we are working on a planned website addition that will showcase all of the cards currently available and allow you to learn more about each one. @HyyBall, the signed cards will be coming a little later. We're getting them signed and packed up to send out to you all. Shouldn't be much longer now! Is there a checklist for the cards anywhere? They aren't numbered so it's hard to get any idea of how much of the set I own. @Paul Sorry, as I just want to clarify. For those of us who backed $500 and higher, we will be receiving the 40 booster packs along with the signed card display box, and not in TOMY's shipments. Correct? I just wanted to confirm as I've received my starter decks, but not the packs that would be associated with that pledge level bonus. Thank you. Hi Patrick. Right now there's no way to purchase additional Starter Decks however we will have an update on when you'll be able to get hold of them and where very soon! Hi guys (awesome game btw we are really enjoying it) I was wondering if there was anyway to get the starter decks now if it wasn't part of your pledge? My daughter was confused on which pledge had the starter deck and just ordered some booster packs (which we just recieved and they are beautiful) so we wanted to order a couple of decks and probably some more boosters too. If there is a way to do that now please let me know. Thanks and great job again. Hey J. The signed content will come a little later. We're still waiting on some to arrive here in Cambridge so our team can sign them and get them sent out to you :) I'm super excited! Just got my 6 starter packs! Can't wait for the rest... You guys are amazing! Got my 6 starter decks today :) Am I to assume that the other 40 booster packs and the signed display box is to come later? Hi Lauren. For the $500 packs we're sending signed and framed card artwork. The latest update (Which sadly we can't now edit) incorrectly listed $300 so sorry if that causes any confusion. One more question is signing and framing the cards a new thing? I don't remember that being mentioned before. It's a cool thing to do :) Hi Lauren. We're expecting for TOMY to start sending figure Starter Packs & Accessories between Mid-April - Late-May. You won't need to send back or destroy your prototype until you get your replacement and we don't need you to send proof of you destroying them. Question When will it be time to send back the prototypes? When its time that the toys shipped? Hi Jodie. We're still waiting on shipment of the cards. We're still looking to get them out to you well before the end of April. Do you know if the cards have been sent out yet? Hy, again! I FINALLY did my Backerkit! I am so sorry that it took so long! Life has been super-hectic! Sadly this means that I missed the Beta, apparently :-( Buuuut, I was able to upgrade my Pledge to a higher level and purchased some extras, too, so you got an extra $160 from me! :-o That should help a little more with development of the game :-) Anyway, keep up the great work! :-) I only been able to play the game a few times for 10-30 minutes long each time. So far it's awesome. I haven't had the chance to test the figures yet. This weekend with some more time we'll test them :) OK thank you,I have emailed Hey Salvador. Resource usage will be a little higher in the early beta than at launch. If you want to give feedback we do please ask that you post it in our Beta forums so our developers can review it. If you have still not found your forum confirmation email please email <email> and we will see what we can do. Hi Ian. You should double check all of your spam folders as they can sometimes get lost in there. If you haven't found it yet please email <email> I've been testing the game in a Iphone 6S and yesterday I tried to register on your site but I haven't received the confirmation email. The good news is that I haven't found any problem and the game plays just fine. I haven't played for long periods of time because the game eats the battery very quickly. And if I keep playing, I think I'll need a tablet... My fingers are too big for an smart phone. 8-( Hi Just wondering if the follow up emaiks had been sent,had one few days ago saying id get another one that day with the link to download app but never received, thanks Hi all. If you have feedback on the beta please do be sure to share it via our beta forums so our developers can see it. If you don't have beta forum access please be sure to let us know in this forum thread: <url>� Apple emails should now be on their way! Hi Jason. It's out of our hands currently with Apple so we can't advise how long it might be. We're hopeful we can get a good turn around. We did submit within a reasonable time frame but were unlucky. We're just as eager to get the iOS beta build out to you as you are to play it. So I'm confused about something. For apple users are we talking a few more hours, days or even worst. It was ambiguous, what is a little more time? I would have thought you guys would have submitted for Apple approval before today knowing it is a process and not instantaneous with them to get on the Apple Store. Thanks Paul for the clarification. My english isn't really good but this time I understood ;) Thanks anyway. @Lauren you can find all informations about the discord channel (with invitation link) on the Lightseekers forum ;) Update has now been posted for backers. What is Discord? I've seen this mentioned a few times. Anyways the link posted didn't work.... Is access going to come today though and the discord invite doesn't work that was posted here Hey guys, I don't have a Closed Beta time-frame currently but we'll post an update on here when possible. Hey Robin, just to clarify 'Game launches' means the full release game not the Closed Beta game in that response. That means for the Beta you can only download the game on your Closed Beta Google Play address. Thought I should just clarify that in case there is any confusion. Thnaks for the answer Paul! Well, maybe I will keep my beta access for now ^^ @David thanks for the Discord link, didn't know there was one :) Crow is now on the Lightseekers Discord Channel and said he will try to let us know when the beta goes live. <url>"claim" it for a specific game account or something? Or will it be ok for anyone and everyone to just scan it whenever? Also it's not Steve Blum voicing Jax :P Hey Lauren, it only matter with the cards if you can clearly make out all of the border. So long as some of the border is obscured you don't have to worry about them being scanned :) Sorry guys I'm uploading the video again because it's showing a little bit of the first card and I'm not taking chances with it lol Unboxing video is up everyone. Enjoy :) <url>"breathtaking limited edition signed concept artwork" mean a glossy, mass-produced poster with some signatures slapped on it? Because that's what I got and not my impression of what I was getting at all. Hi Illisia, unfortunately the surveys closed on the 14th December so you will no longer be able to add any additional content to your order. Hi Illisia Adams, I'm not connected to the guys but hopefully I can help out. The Backer kit survey locked down already and now no additions or changes can be made to your pledge. Initially it was supposed to be over two weeks ago but then they messaged everyone in an update that due to some recent changes to the beta tiers they were giving an extension for a few more days but now it has officially locked down and collected funds so no additional changes can be made. So sorry for that and not being able to enhance your order. (I am on the "Physical Pioneer Pack" reward level) Hy! I am wanting to fill-in the Backerkit Questionnaire and I want the option to add an extra starter pack with the extra character so I can have both characters, but there are only cards and accessories in the "Add-Ons"? Please advise. Many thanks. Thanks Paul. Hopefully we'll be seeing details VERY shortly as if nothing changes we're supposed to start seeing them arrive to our homes within the next three weeks or so. With such an incredibly short time until they arrive hopefully you guys have all the plans nailed down and figured out for a successful and smooth physical and digital beta. Hey Jason. We'll be rolling those details out via email to those involved in the beta within the next few weeks. @Paul, Now that everything is locked down and funds collected, when are you guys going to start rolling out your plans for the physical beta such as the contracts, how things will work, what will actually be arriving, etc. After the last projected timeframe obviously got shifted and delayed, it's a good show of intent to see things are thought out this time so what will already be an incredibly short beta physical prototype testing doesn't become almost no time at all (since max right now if there are NO more delays it's five weeks best scenerio currently). It would just be nice to start hearing about the plans as we're only weeks away from when prototypes should be in our hands and the test game goes live for betas. Hey Jason, it will be a relatively brief public testing period but one that we'll be working incredibly hard to make the most of. We're focused on getting you a great game as soon as possible and we're pretty confident that the schedule will help us achieve that to a great standard. It's also worth noting that unlike a boxed game Lightseekers is an ongoing service which we can continue to improve and update even long after launch :) Hi Paul, I think I understand everything and I think my one question yesterday might have been a little misunderstood. One thing I was looking for clarification of was that if physical beta protypes figures don't arrive till (best case scenario depending on your home location) the third or fourth week of January and the game goes official in March and rolls out with the actual figures then, is the full maximum time someone get to be a part of the beta physical protype testing really only 4-5 weeks at best if everything works out as planned and no further delays? Just to avoid confusion, you'll still be able to play the game before the figures are launched, just in the early access type format so that we can continue to improve the game with your feedback. As disappointing it is for the beta to have to move, I think the figurines and game starting at the same time is probably the best way to go. That being said, I also know how large plans can hit snags and move forward or change. My senior project was like that working in Maya. The nCloth tool is terrible. Had to make a voice of god documentary into a short advertisement for what the documentary would be. The full official launch will be with the figures in March. There will be opportunities to play before then but it will be in a kind of early access format. Which means you can still play and enjoy the experience but the game will be updated and improved as you go. I did just read the comment about the accessory launch date would not be changed, however. I am so confused. Originally I thought we'd have about two weeks to beta test (which already seemed strange) but now that the physical and digital beta comes out in January, when is the official game launch? Since it was planned in January. Are both the official launch as well as the accessories being moved back to accompany the change, and to approximately when? Hey Jason. The testing sessions are unlikely to impact the launch of the figures so you won't have to worry about the early access causing further delays on that end. We'll be continuing to update and improve Lightseekers even after launch of the figures. This means we can continue to bring everyone a better and better experience. We believe the time frame is realistic for what we want to achieve, though we admit it's going to be quite an intensive time here at PlayFusion! @Paul, Thanks so much guys for the honestly and transparency as I feel many KSs wouldn't do so especially before closing out a survey and more opportunities to make money. I have some follow up questions though: with the physical beta protypes not expected until the last two weeks or so of Janand the game set to officially launch in March that the physicalbeta testing will really only be four to five weeks best case? Also with that being said with such a short window to test and provide feedback if issues are found,how in earth would they be fixed since production of everything would have to be well beyond the point of no return to roll out officially to stores only weeks later? Hey guys. We've an update on when you can access the game in the updates tab. :) Oh neat, congrats on the two physical LE's. The lack of color didn't do it for me but I guess I'm fine with calling the Kora one "Shadow Kora". I'll admit I was expecting physical changes or at least alternate colors. Decided to opt out of the second LE and get my 6 cousins each a deck. They are pretty young, so I'm not even sure they will like cards. But I'm definitely using the Tribute first. :D @David, You hit my thoughts precisely. I have full faith in Paul and the gang and know they'll diliver something amazing but if timeframes really are pretty accurate for the digital in Jan and the actual release of products in March, then the only real timeframe for the physical beta would be a short window. For them to truly deliver the beta prototypes before December is over considering the holiday mail slowdown, we'd need to see things shipped only days after the survey ends latest. If things are figured out by now and all logistics in place then this is a bad show that time frames in general aren't fully thought and and all aspects are planned for. I'm really hoping they've got more figured though and just don't want to share until after surveys close next week. I'm really hoping for my two physical protypes soon. Karen, I think that is because the Kickstarter doesn't have too much to do with the Facebook or forums page. All of the estimated delivery dates on all of the campaign tiers said March 2017. At least that was quite clear to me. Considering the game's launch is January 2017 and we are almost half way into December, I guess one of my concerns that I never thought about was how long the beta would be. Usually betas last longer than half a month. With that said, I guess the super-alpha or at least the physical beta will probably be three months. I suppose that also depends on when the pilots are shipped. At least I don't consider the Kickstarter as part of the information people outside of the Kickstarter "needs" to know if they can no longer be a part of it. What makes it worse jason as tgeres no information on thier forums or facebook page. Asked about the normal toys and they are due for delivery in march of next year. @Patrick, Youre absolutely correct in that they can't do anything till the 12th (and even a few days afterwards as it usually takes about 72 business hours for funds to transfer, but my fear is if plans aren't decided and set in stone now as to what to do and logistics figured out prior, then once funds do clear and we're around half way through the month at that point it doesn't seem likely that people will have physical prototypes in their hands by the end of the month which would give about 2 weeks total time. For that goal to happen plans would need to be finalized now with things ready to go the moment funds clear. That was my only issue with so much seemingly still left to figure out. Either way I'm pleased and excited and can't wait to get my hands on things. From what has been said funds will be collected on the 12th, and I would think nothing will happen until then as they can't sent anything out till they collect the money for it. That said I hope we hear some news around the 13th about what is going to happen next, tho I know things can take longer than expected on a project this big. Hey Paul, I know you can't share details towards the physical beta prototype fully but I think the lack of details worry a few of us just a bit because the KS says December and we're now over a quarter of the way through December so unless things happens instaneouy as soon as you guys collect you funds in a few days as the survey closes and immediately start shipping, getting them in December isn't looking fully likely so it begins to worry some. I think that's why a few of us here have been fishing for some info here. We trust you guys and love everything but if details for something that "should theoretically" be delivered anytime within the next three weeks max (if truly on target) aren't nailed down, that's slightly disturbing. Hey David. We can't answer that just yet as there are some details we need to iron out with the limited edition figures. Hey Chris, we'll let everyone know here, on our social pages, on the website and via email when we can share beta details :) Any news on when the beta is going to start Will the limited edition figures come in a box? I ask because I probably would not take the Jax figurine outside of the box if it does. Specifics of cards and how they will work with the ongoing story is something we'll have to answer a bit later on once the initial work is finalised. Hey David. Yes, once you scan a tribute card it will be on your account (So all characters connected to your account) and you won't need to scan that particular card again. You can however scan other tribute cards (Including ones with the same bonus) onto your account to increase the benefits. It was mentioned by Chris the Senior Designer (<url>"Each card is embedded with a one time in-game bonus." I thought some cards were temporary and could be re-scanned? I also remember that right now, or at least in the future some cards will change the world. If we scan it is now, will it no longer work when the world can be changed? Jason L. just now What I find so cool is that I haven't even gotten my beta tier prototype figures or the real deal ones obviously but already eagerly anticipating what would come next like what will the third figure/race to be released will actually be and what new weapons/accessories could they come out with next that I would love like physical shields, staffs, or a gun/projectile weapons. The possibilities are endless. Hey Paul, Thank you so much. Just to be clear, I could use the tribute card for, say, Tech order. Then I will never have to use it again and it will be on all my characters, as well as the ones coming out in the future? If so, that sounds awesome! Also, can you get Tribute cards from booster packs? Sorry David, missed off the answer to the last bit. Tribute card bonuses are per account. Hey Jason. You'll get everything you need to participate in the physical beta, so the figure will connect to the game etc. Right now it's just the basics for the beta test but we'll give out the full details of what you will receive when the time comes. You won't need to destroy anything but we will ask you to send back all the prototype elements as they aren't intended for full use. We'll then replace them with the limited edition version of the figure. Character progress wise we've still to fully determine whether beta progress will keep up until launch as this will largely depend on what version of the game we'll be able to deliver. We'll update you on that as soon as we can. Hey David. I answered this on the forums but you can use an individual tribute card from a pack once, however you can use another tribute card with the same bonus. The benefits will stack. Thanks David! I never buy anything with out reading the certified purchaser reviews. Since we all know of that companies pay to have a review done on their products. I think I can get one cheap through my fiance's company. But I have been looking through he holiday deals since they are so cheap. @Paul I have a few unusual questions. For those of us getting the physical beta tier (or like me going in for the extra beta/legendary) how will that work, I mean will each come with the fusion core and usb and cards to make everything work just like in the game when the official copies come to test and on that note, will they come with any sample weapons to test/try out? Also when we eventually have to destroy or send back the betas to get the actual finalized legendary's do we send back in the fusion cores or do we keep them for the oncoming figures and get to keep any progress? I know the logistics might not even be all drawn out though hopefully if you guys are still on target with this very month for the beta tier then I imagine some of these questions must have been worked through already. Paul, if someone were to get two of the same decks, do the tribute cards inside stack? If I remember correctly, the tributes offer a one-time permanent buff per account (or character?). What if you have two of the same deck? Does that tribute card stack? Also, does it work per character or per person (all characters and new characters on the account)? Hey Emily, newegg.com usually has good deals on electronics. I got my iPad Pro 9.7" 128GB for $600, now it is $650. Or $700 on the Apple website. I thought it was $800 a few days ago, though. Definitely check there an Amazon if you are looking. I personally make sure I find various sites that rate them as well. Wouldn't want to get something that is cheap to have it and find out it isn't that great. Ditto David! Might have to go get an new tablet before hand. Since mine is and old nexus. Hey Emily, thank you so much! Hope to see you around Lightseekers! David Krout CONGRATULATIONS! The Designer Pack (create a pet and work with the PlayFusion team) is available. I had to step down back to the Completionist back so that I could have a tablet to play on. I'm a little upset, but I wanted to let you all know that it is available again. I'll miss the idea of four days I had it. (Originally only 9/10 people claimed it, I took it and had to drop it, regretably) I just wanted to let you all know that it is available again. :'( Hey Jason. No specific ETA just yet but we will let you know as soon as we possibly can :) Thanks for the compliments Emily! We really appreciate it :) Stupid auto correct. I meant... I for one am super excited and not Igor one below. Igor one and super excited to see that physical beta prototype come in and get to try this out finally. Do you guys have an approximate ETA as to when you're shooting to start sending them out in Dec? Playfusion: I want to say you guys have been the best at keeping your backers informed. Between Facebook, emails and even KS. I am proud to be backing a company that didn't take the money and run. Too many on here have little experience with customer service (no the customer is not always right), but you have it figured out with giving us video, sound clips, and fun images. You also post some times more than ones in a day and you don't let use down with teasers. Thank you play fusion and keep up the hard work! @Jason You must have gotten *really* lucky. I have not known a single KS that retroactively applied additional goals. Admittedly, would be nice if they did, but I have yet to see that happen myself. Thanks for the clarification Paul. The vast majority of the KSs I've been apart of that use surveys and allow additions or upgrades have always allowed new funds to build towards pre-existing SGs even after the fact (though obviously not everyone since its creator prerogative) so that's why I wanted to check in. Hey Jason. The stretch goals only apply whilst the Kickstarter is running. They basically work as incentives to help make Kickstarter campaigns and even bigger success so everyone can have more stuff :) @Jason L. as far as I know the stretch goals ended as soon as the kickstarter did. The extra money will help them develop the game but will not count for the stretch goals. @Paul, Thank you guys so much for the survey allowing us to upgrade. I was able to significantly jump up to legendary tier for that physical prototype and add the second one as well all to the sad demise of my wallet. By chance do the funds coming in now help works towards the possibility of additional SGs such as the extra backer exclusive combos which I think would be amazing? I also wanted to point out that there is a forums page on the lightseekers.com homepage. Help keep that active as well. I believe it is currently being redone, but it will help keep the community together. :) If none of the posts interest you, make one that does! <url>"I backed" tweet this morning after my survey and you were there responding. You are here answering questions and making sure your backers can become huge fans. Wish that was the norm here. Even some big companies struggle with that (looking at you Pebble). I mean it when I say I truly can't wait to get at this next month and again in the spring. And you are a big part of that. Thanks for making this! Hyball: no problem! When I get excited I tend get a head of myself sometimes, or forget to add better detail. @Emily Okay, good. :) Just wanted to make sure the pledge manager didn't falter on you and allow you to do something you shouldn't have been able to. Don't want anyone wasting any money! :P Hyyball : you are correct. I get one with my pledge tyrex and I added the Mari character as an add on. For both games: Astral – Solar, Lunar, Gravity Dread – Poison, Death, Shadow Mountain – Fire, Earth, Crystal Nature – Animal, Forest, Soul Storm – Lightning, Water, Air Tech – Explosives, Mechanical, Time However, in the digital game, there are weaknesses and effective orders and suborders. Hope that all helps. On my previous statement, each of the six Orders has three sub-orders. Those are only for the card game. James, this can be found on one of their interviews. Astral Astral is heavily influenced by the past as well as the future. What is at the top of your discard pile and what is coming next from the deck is of great importance. Solar – Plan ahead to align your discard pile in order to achieve heavy burst damage. Lunar – Chain with damage and utility for increased survivability as well as damage output. Gravity – Helps you in enabling your card chains and generating a bigger hand size. Dread Dread overwhelms the target with ‘damage over time’ effects while suppressing their ability to fight back. Poison – Apply steady trickle damage and amplify that damage. Death – Leech health from targets and turn it into healing for yourself. Shadow – Supplements Poison and Death, and strengthens the Order’s late game potential by returning cards from the discard pile. Mountain Mountain is a jack-of-all-trades Order with strong combo defences and sustained protection. Fire – A steady output of attack damage and methods to keep a wounded enemy down. Earth – Preemptive damage mitigation and slow but steady healing. Crystal – Complement your attack bursts with delayed damage spikes and defences after getting attacked. Nature Nature gains most power when it carefully tends to its buffs and draws strength from the state of its opponent. Animal – Command the beasts of nature to fight for you, through a mix of sustained damage from buffs and attacks timed at the right opportunity. Forest – While lacking reliable burst heals, Forest has tools to prevent falling too far behind and slowing down the tempo until its potential has fully grown. Soul – Helps you protect and maintain your pool of buffs, and also lets you take advantage of its growth. Storm Storm has ways to play cheaper and more powerful combos, and is also good at dealing with buff threats, but at the cost of good buff protection for itself. Lightning – Contains a steady supply of attack damage and ways to set up for bursts. Water – Provides a good array of spike healing and long term damage reduction. Air – Provides a variety of means to play combos more easily as well as making them more powerful. Tech The somewhat unsafe inventions of the tyrax pack a bigger punch than most other cards, but also put you in greater danger. Use the power of Time to make the most out of them! Explosives – Has a lot of delayed, heavy hitting buffs, but many of them will also catch you in the explosion. Mechanical – Allows you to make the most out of your crazy inventions, to provide some survivability in the chaos. Time – Lets you mess around with Time itself to change the state of buffs and move cards between the past, present, and future. Emily, I believe you do not get an extra fusion core with your figures. I believe you would have to use the one you got from Jax or Kora for your LE figures. @Emily The LE figures are just the figure -- no accompanying items. Also to clarify, by saying you added both, do you mean you selected the one you get with your tier, and added a second so you get both? I just wanted to check as we are limited to only add one LE figure to our pledge, if at the necessary pledge level for the initial LE figure or higher. Do we have a concise list of the tones of each of the elements for deck choosing purposes? Like, just a blurb about each element's play style and theme? Woop survey done can't wait to get hold of it! Just finished my Survey! MAN can i say i'm giddy! like a kid in a candy shop or a kid in a toy store! i couldn't decide on which LE figure to go with so i added both! EEEEkkkk.... just wish there was a way to add more fusion cores or do the LE figures come with them? So excited to be able to buy the additional LE figure so I can have both figures!!! All I feel I'm missing now is the ability to add a couple more fusion cores, or an additional Aquadart Crab and Nitro Hammer so I can dual wield them! :P The pledge manager makes it feel so real! I cannot wait!!! Might add a few christmas presents from me to me then :-) Pehaps a few booster packs. I just took ages to complete my survey. But only because I couldn't decide between heroes. In the end I wanted some synergy between my hero and card deck so I went Tyrax. His machine arm suggests he's Tech associated, and I went Tech deck for the card game. I may be assuming too much of the workings of the game/card/figure relationship. But it helped make up my mind anyway. Just want to confirm what has been stated in the survey update e-mail. If we upgrade to add more then we will not get charged until Monday 12th December? When you design your own pet, does that pet get cycled into the game or is it only your pet? How does design your pet work and what do the pets do? Hey Paul, I just saw the message about surveys. Upon reading closer it seems to indicate that we can upgrade to a higher tier after all, if so that is great but is this accurate? Hey Chris. We're still finalising the details of the survey to make sure nothings missed off and it's all as perfect as we can make it. We'll let you know when it's out so you can double check your emails! And on the survey can I add the name that I want to appear in the credits? Haven't heard anything else about the survey yet are they almost ready I just want to make sure I haven't miss it unfortunately I get a lot of junk mail in my email so can you post on facebook or hear and maybe on your site when they go out please Aaron, If you play on iOS you can get it on the big screen using and apple TV. If you don't have a TV try a program call AirServer, it allows you to stream iOS and some android devices to your computer. For me I stream my games to the computer and then have my computer set to use the TV as a display. AirServer is great (and cheap back when I got it, it was like $15 for life of computer). and it has streaming capability too. Hey Aaron. We're still ironing out device support so will have a better answer for that a bit nearer the beta. If we don't have it for beta/launch then it's always something we can look to support later. ... spell checker is needed lol Hey Paul, nice to hear your taking beat seriously, I take testing very serious and enjoy giving constructive feedback, to many games now are ruioned before release due to keynoard warriors who condem a game in beta before it is finished. Do you know if there will be Chromecast or other support so we can put the game on a bigger screen? Hey Aaron. We're still determining all the details of the beta. It's likely there will be an NDA though as it's important the beta testers help us ensure the game is as awesome as possible. Will there be a NDA with the Beta or can people post videos on youtube and twitch of gameplay? Not yet Craig but we're hoping to get them out very soon. We only get one shot at the survey's so we want to make sure we do it right :) They said it would be a couple of weeks i think. Has the surveys been sent out yet? Hey Emily! As HyyBall has mentioned the actual character names are Jax and Kora but their species is tyrax and mari :) Thanks Hyyball! I was looking g through all the posts and couldnt find it! @Emily I believe it is because Mari and Tyrax are the race names, while Cora and Jax are the specific names for the characters they have introduced. Question why in the you tube videos changing the game do they call Mari, Cora? I may ebd up sharing my figure and game account with my bf's little boy can't wait to get hold of Mari. I keep showing the gameplay vid to my friends... they are all jealous that I am getting the stuff for this amazing game. They all can't wait to load it up when it comes out. I honestly cannot wait to play all of this. Really hoping 'December 2016' means right after Thanksgiving as opposed to a late Christmas gift :P Can't wait to see it all! Up late, working hard on my #LightseekersWin video. Can't wait to play this :) Hey Patrick. We'll be sure to let everyone know the beta details as soon as they're finalised :) Any word on how the December beta will work? Like will there be a wipe at the end? If there is a wipe will we keep any thing? (like our name, some beta let you reserve your name even if there is a wipe). Thanks Hey Sam. Interesting idea. I think the plan is to keep pets digital right now by using the cards to scan them into game. Hey Patrick! Each accessory will come with its own playing card :) @Michael Thank you kindly for your reply! I guess I will just have to do add the card packs separately (would like to have all 6 card starter packs) @Alex The only additions anyone will be able to make are the listed add-ons: $15 - Card Starter Pack $10 - 4 Card Booster Packs $10 - Flight Pack (Skyrider or Flynamo) $10 - Weapon Pack (Electro Eel or Cogwheel Cleaver $15 - T-Shirt (Choice of two) $10 - Digital Mini Pack (Only backers of the $50, $60, and $99 tiers may add this) Kickstarter campaign tiers are no longer available for purchase, nor are options as add-ons @PlayFusion If I wanted to add the cardseeker pack would I be able too even though the campaign has ended? Congrats on the funding of the game! I was wondering if you are considering having mini action figures for the in-game pets? I am just hoping there is little to no NDA. I can't wait to show everyone this bad ass game. @Nicolas Minor correction: for those who pledged $300 or higher, there is a possibility that they may have the option to produce the second Limited Edition figure as they currently will have to choose one of the two available. But again, only for $300 pack or higher. The digital alpha and physical beta cannot come soon enough!!! @Nicolas Paul had mentioned before that there will not be other addons, notably starter packs or figures. Well done guys, can't wait to see the next step @PLayFusion, yes, thank you, I know about the upcoming backer kit survey. I was specifically asking about the possibility of a new add-on beyond what was shown. Specifically, an extra figure starter pack for those who want a second (or third or more) or perhaps to get one for someone as a gift, and/or a basic figure set (the one you guys were discussing earlier, that doesn't come with a core and thus would retail at a lower price). WE even made it past the 225k mark!!! congrats Playfusion we all are excited and cant wait.... really we cant wait. Chop chop get to it! jk :-) congrats! @Patrick Good question, I'm curious to see the answer. One more question: do the extra weapon, and flight packs come with a card? Not like a set but like one card. As I know the starter pack has a card for it's weapon. Great job! I knew Lightseekers would succeed! Quick question, any more possibility of more add-ons? The one specific one I had in mind was either a second character starter pack, or possibly the character pack without the fusion core and I assume cards that was discussed earlier on. I think it would be a good way for us to get more/extra characters Thanks. Boooooyaaaaa! Congrats all! Alright!! I've gone way over budget but it will be all worth it when I get my Tyrax and Mari figures! Great job to everyone @ Play Fusion and Congratulations! Did we decide if it's possible to still add add-ons? I had meant to before the campaign ended and got busy at work and just forgot! I know you can if you are using something like backerkit to manage surveys afterward, but it seems like Kickstarter isn't allowing managing of pledge anymore - understandably. Just wanted to drop in again and say Congratz!! Glad to be apart of the game as well as its Future. Hey Patrick. We'll hopefully be sending those within the next few days or so. We'll make sure to let you know when they're ready. Hey Jason. You won't be able to up your tier now that the Kickstarter campaign has ended but you can still apply add on's to your pledge. Congrats. I'm so happy to be a part of your creation. I cant wait to play it and buy upcoming figures. It looks amazing. If it turns out half as good as it looks it will be awesome. Reminds me of a great blend of sky landers and world of warcraft, with action figures that remind me of the movie small soldiers. Keep up the great work Question: when will we receive the survey (not trying to rush you, Just want to know when to start looking out for it)? And do you know the email address it will be sent from (so I can add it to my contact list to make sure it does not get blocked). Thanks! Congrats! I can't wait to see this game in beta! @Paul, Hey Paul, I think you answered this before so sorry for the repeat question if so. I was really hoping to upgrade to the legendary tier but couldn't get the funds together in time,l sadly though I tried, will we be able to upgrade to higher tiers if we wish when the PM goes out? Very cool. Hey Jacob. It should be working. If you're having difficulty try changing your internet browser (If not on mobile). It's not working for me halp Awesome. Thanks Paul. Congrats again. Enjoy the party! Hey Jacob. It's ON! Oh, it is over now, I missed that. Congratulations guys! Thank you all, Paul, Jane, and Creator on here. Jane (and others?) on Twitter, and Crow, Benny, and Jane for the forums! Also, to whoever was on Facebook... It seems they remained anonymous... :p So now that the game has been funded and everybody's super hyped now...how bout that livestream Hey Justin. It's a pet we'll have all cooked up for you :) The exclusive pet we now get. Do we get to vote on it or is it one you guys already have cooked up Congrats guys!!! Funded and first stretch goal! That's what I call a great start! Awesome , I am so proud of you guys. Congrats :) Congrats everyone at Play Fusion! =D Nicely done! We did it! Thank you everyone! You are all awesome! Woot! Aaaaaaaand we are funded! CONGRATS! Hi David. For the live video you can just comment in the Facebook post :) For the video, do you want us to Tweet #AskPlayFusion more questions or comments? 12 minutes left...now the time to add any weapons or flightpacks Thanks Robin and thank you everyone who has backed us! Congrats everyone! We did it! :D Congrats PlayFusion! YOU did it! ;) And many thanks @Paul for all the support you provided during the entire campain! Is the tech guy, Tyrax, too emotional with how well the Kickstarter did? I bet Mira could fix it with some lightning... Minor delay with the live video! We'll be up as soon as we can! TECHNOLOGY!!!!! Yep, I don't have it either Yeah, I'm kind of wondering the same thing lol... It is definitely six minutes past. They could be having technical difficulties. Just have to be patient I guess. :) Is the live video up yet, havn't seen a notification and not on the FB page. Would immediately pledge an extra $20 to dual wield the starter pack weapons... Oh, well. :P So... nobody wants to throw in 75,000 right now to reach the 300k goal and get us an extra character... no, nobody... ok, yay a new pet!!!! We'll be live in 5 minutes over on www.facebook.com/lightseekersgame! Come on over and celebrate the end of the campaign with us! Thanks for the support Carl! Just added 30 dollars! we made the first stretch goal! At the 60 minute mark, I will repost it on my Twitter one last time. The final countdown. The free pet is certainly an incentive as well. I am somewhat confident the first threshold won't go down below the extra ~$350... But the last few minutes are what counts. I think we have it. :) Hey KM. Right now we can only confirm you can get figures through the rewards packages. If you want both sent out to you might wish to consider the Battle Pack. I got one of the physical Pioneer pack. Would it possible to add on one figure after Kickstarter? first stretch goal! Watching the total constantly change near the first stretch goal is making this experience a rollercoaster of emotions! :P Yeah Well, I decided that I am keeping my Completionist tier and hoping for the best. I was debating between the $300+ and $500 for quite a while. Okay first stretch goal re-unlocked...2 hours left Oh, if you are reading this, it might be too late, but don't forget to subscribe to the Youtube, Facebook, and Twitter. The Youtube goal has not yet been reached! Not yet, two hours to go. Yeah ! First Stretch Goal unlocked ! The tension is real! Not long to go now! Pledge updated. I wanna Flynamo! ;) EEEEeeee so close! $224053! Hi Laurynas. There isn't currently a mari video but we are working on one to be released in the future. The characters can be tailored (In terms of gameplay) to how you want to play so it's worth deciding which one currently looks cooler or more interesting for you right now. Alternatively you could grab a Battle Pack and get both! Hi Shawn. You should be able to increase your add on pledges after the campaign has finished. Hi David. The digital rewards will apply to digital characters not just the physical ones. The physical weapons need to be attached to a figure to activate them so you won't be able to use them without a figure and FusionCore. You don't always have to have your figure and the weapons connected to the game to use them as they will update their progress when you next connect the figure to the game. Your weapons also level up themselves and will remember their progress so if you apply them across to a new character they will keep their stats and bonuses. Your digital rewards should apply to new characters though the textures may be mari and tyrax specifically as those will be the available figures at launch. Ho Robin. Yes, if you have two figures you should be able to play against a friend on a minigame. Hi Jacob. Yes, the game should work on most Android phones :) Is there a mari video somewhere? Having a hard time choosing between the two. Yah, this is so odd. We where so close, and now we are going backwards... I hope we can meet that first stretch goal now. Why are we going backwards? We were about1,500 away from 225k... are people shifting or dropping out? We can do it!!! @Shawn I asked the same thing yesterday, and Paul responded saying there is no guarantee to add on with the pledge manager. They will look into it with enough demand, but they really don't know if it will be an option. If I don't increase my pledge for the add ons before this campaign is over, can I just wait til pledge manager and add at that time the add ons I want and pay the additional funds at that point.. I know it won't add towards the total funds raised to unlock stretch goals but I'm already pushing 150 and I want another 50 or 60$ worth of add ons and I don't want to spend 200 at first.I would rather spend a lil here and there I'm getting legendary weapons, headgear, and textures. Does any of that follow a digital character if I make one? Or are they strictly for the physical? Also, if I have four attachable weapons, can I use them on a digital character if I'm not using the physical? This is assuming I'm not using my physical forever if it cannot be cosmetically changed (I think I read it will be the same in game, or less changeable). I am wondering if I happened to find another character that fits me more, more preferably in the Dread or Storm sections. I'd imagine most of my legendary stuff is lost? Yes first stretch goal soon! We can do it! :D By the way I have a question. If we have two figures on the same account (eg $150 pledge), will we be able to play with a friend on a minigame? (like the flying one we can see on the video or a lot of others I hope :p) So I know that this works on iPad, iPhone, and Android tablet, but does it work on android phones like the galaxy s7? @Michael, I'm trying to learn as much as I can, and if I can help, get people more interested. It would be really neat if it was all in one place, but right now at least we can at least help get people interested and help them learn more. It is awesome that you are helping as well! $5k more for the first Kickstarter goal. 286 more ‘likes’ for the Facebook page. We are getting close. The more we help, the more interest it gets, the larger the community... etc... :) Omg! We are so close to the first stretch goal! Let's do this guys! Exactly! One thing I love is how transparent this company is with there plans and how they interact and listen to the community! @Patrick I believe there will be, but sometime down the road in the future if all goes well. My own estimate, which I could be completely wrong, might take 1-2 years. However, they want to update the game weekly, too. That in itself, along with listening to what the community wants and desires is pretty amazing. Not many companies do that. :) I think many of us are looking for that MMO type experience, and right now the offline players are close to the feeling of connection. Even just the hub would be pretty cool. Or multiple hubs that people just chill in. Ok, never mind I see some of the stuff now. I hard seen it before but it just did not hit me I guess. I get that its going to be an RPG, but I would love to see some small MMO elements implemented. Like maybe multiplayer dungeons with friends and guild mates. Great to see there are some good plans for the game! But can you give some examples of " social options" that will be in at or near launch? @David Nice find! To me, this is what would make the game perfect. I know they've mentioned that the figures will act and react even when out of the game, but to have interactions and locale be transposed from real life to in-game almost as if an MMO with AR... just outstanding. I could never be more excited about any other game. @Patrick This might be of value as well: Benny: “You will be able to come across other players’ avatars in your world (friends, guild mates, as well as strangers), but they won’t be “live” (and they don’t even need to be online, but when they were last online affects whether or not they will appear). They will be wearing what they’re wearing, you can inspect them, you can accept and complete player-made quests from them, and you can hire them as mercenaries to battle alongside you. In the fullness of time, we will be bringing live multiplayer to the world (probably starting with specific hub areas and then expanding to the rest of the game world, but this is not set in stone yet). We don’t have any exact dates for when this will be the case.” Hi Patrick. There are multiplayer aspects but the game is an action RPG rather than an MMO so you won't be wandering around with other people in your world fighting over resources. You'll have ways to interact with them via social options but the game world will be your game world. We'll be looking into expanding multiplayer aspects of the game later down the line. You said that "The game is primarily single player" will we still be able to see other players walking around the game world (or at least in some kind of world hubs)? And will we be able to talk/type to them? Thanks Paul! I'd just like to share to everyone that the Facebook page just needs 351 more likes. Hi Karen. The starter packs include the FusionCore :) Hi Jacob. We're still working on finalising the packaging but we'll be happy to share it when it's ready! Hi Kim. We try to reply to questions as quickly as we can. If you don't get a reply as fast as you'd like via the message system feel free to ask it here and I'll do my best to answer it :) Quick question do the starter figure sets come with a fusion core or will I need to get one seprate from the starting set? Are there any images of like prototype packaging that you could share with us? I sent a message, and haven't received a reply. I'd hate to withdraw my pledge due to lack of communication! @Shawn, I was told some are cosmetic, and some attack with you. I can't help with the other questions, but they are pretty good. Here is what Paul told me about pets: “some will help you in the game whereas some are more cosmetic. You'll be able to summon them when you want to use them.” Hi Shawn. There are a number of different pets in the game that can be acquired through rewards or through scanning the cards from the card game. Different pets can do different things in the game with some helping you in battle. You can even improve them using lightstones and by leveling them up. Hi Ice_Striker. A set of 4x Booster packs is a $10 add on. A few questions about the pets in this game. Do they attack along with my hero? Do they do anything like pick up items dead enemies drop after combat or find hidden treasures? Can I have more than one pet with me? How many different pets are there and how do u acquire different ones? Sry for all the questions.. I'm just really curious since the campaign page lacked details @ ice, the booster pack add Ons are 4 for $10 @Paul Thank you!!! I know it's merely a possibility, but I can hold on to hope. Finally worked after decades of being a Cubs faithful last night! :P How much is a booster pack add-on? I would love to get my hands on that LE Mari also... Hey Michael, we MIGHT (Capitals for emphasis :P) be able to offer options for the people who backed the higher tier packages to purchase an additional LE figure later. That will of course depend on how things stack once we know how many of the LE figures have already been ordered. Hi Aaron. Yes, they are the same pets from the other packages. We've now given the option for those who pledges to the packages without them to add these pets to their order. Hi Jacob. That depends on which rewards package you select. If you choose the Physical pioneer pack you will receive one starter pack of your choice of mari or tyrax. If you choose the higher packages then these will include both figures. If you purchase a Legendary pack or higher you will also receive the limited edition mari or tyrax figure (Making it three figures in total). Hi Chris. The physical pioneer pack does not come with all the digital rewards. It includes a character starter pack, two in game titles, a special voice over clip, an exclusive in game texture, exclusive ingame cosmetic headwear, digital beta access and your name in your credits. You can however now add the three exclusive pets and the quest area as a $10 add on to your order. Hi David. 1) The voice over will be from your character and will acknowledge you as a backer. The game is primarily single player (Though we aim to increase multiplayer content later) so this will be for your enjoyment. 2) Right now your backer level won't be visible on your forum account though we do want to look into overhauling our forums once the Kickstarter has ended so they may play a role later. 3) Titles will appear on your character/profile but won't have any additional gameplay mechanics. 4) The limited edition figure will play like a normal figure but the figure itself will be different from other figures. Hope those answers help! Hi Karl. Glad to see you found the answer yourself :) There isn't really a limit to the add on's you can apply to your pledge. Hi Justin. We won't have controller support for launch but are looking into the possibility for the future. AppleTV won't be supported for launch. Are the add-on mini pets the same as the mini pets you recieve in the higher value pledges? Okay question. What is your plans for figures. By this is mean is it one per order or are the a few in each order? I just upgraded my original pledge from $300 to $500! Getting antsy! Come on guys, we can hit that first stretch goal! Ok thanks for your quick response! @Karl Feel free to shoot me an email <email> @Michael, it depends on the offer, I did like the idea of the LE model but if it can make it a bit easier on the pocket then I might be tempted. @Chris On the reward chart: Neither one contains the other, but if you are thinking of getting both, you should consider the Battle Pack for $150. It comes with all of it, two figurines, two weapon packs (tech and storm) and an exclusive dungeon. You will have to get cards separately, but they can be added on with add-ons. More Information: The Digital Pack has and Physical lacks a weapon skin, T2 pet, character skins, digital art book + digital soundtrack, T3 pet, Exclusive quest area, T4 pet, PC/Mac super-build alpha access. What the Physical has, and the Digital lacks is the Hero Starter Kit. They both get the Digital Concept Artwork, “Backer” in-game title, name in credits, and “founder” in-game title and voiceover clip, digital beta test access, exclusive founder texture, and the “pioneer” in-game title, headgear, and voiceover clip. Basically, some people might want the physical aspect of the Kickstarter, and some might want the digital aspect. I'm sorry for this question but I'm confused does the physical pioneer level come with all the reward in the digital one for $45 or are thone rewards exclusive to that More last-minute questions, since time is of the essence. I just ask a lot of questions and like to learn. These won't hinder my pledge. 1. Other players will be able to hear the voiceover of another player, and see their skins? I don't entirely know what the whole voice-over thing means. 2. Will the pioneer, founder, or legendary titles have an effect on people's forum account? Or will that be strictly how many posts based? 3. Will the titles have any affect on the game? 4. Will the limited edition character have any affect on the game, or is it purely cosmetics of the figurine? Which is still pretty awesome. I checked the forums and I couldn't find a definite answer to these, and I'd imagine I'm not the only one wondering. I know someone didn't get an answer when he asked about the legendary skins. Tomorrow I'm going to be advertising on Facebook and Twitter for the last day of the Kickstarter! I'd imagine it is going to be a big day for the team! @Karl As I noticed your interest in upgrading your pledge from $150 to $300 was largely due to the cards provided, I would be eager to compensate you for the Limited Edition figure if you care to part with it. I have pledged the $500 level, but am determined to acquire both LE figures despite having to choose and receive only one per pledge. Thanks! Don't bother answering my last question I've decided to go and move to the next level of pledge... Thanks Paul, that's me increasing my pledge again, is there any limit to the extras we can add? Also on the same thought, will this game support wireless controller for iOS For the iOS/iPad game will it be available as a appletv app Pretty sure if they add figures, FusionCores, or the starter pack weapons as addons, we'll bump the total over 225k. After all this time we are so close to that first stretch goal. We've got to do it. I think we all want that extra pet 225k. Cmon everybody Quote of Paul from two days ago: "The limited edition figure comes in tyrax and mari flavours :P It will just be the figure, not a whole starter pack but you'll be able to use it with the FusionCore and weapons you will receive from the other starter packs in your pledge." @Lauren There are two: a Limited Edition figure of both Mari and Tyrax; however, each $300+ pledge level will have to make the choice of which one of the two they want. Hi Karl. The Battle Pack doesn't include a card deck but you can add one for an extra $15 with our add on options :) On the 150 pledge do you get enough cards to play the card game or would I need to buy a starter pack as well? @Michael there is only one LE figure I thought. Hi Candace. Right now we can only guarantee you'll be able to get the T Shirts if you add them on whilst the campaign is running. If I don't add the T-shirt to my pledge, would i still be abletonget it later on? If anyone at the $300 pledge or up is not particularly interested in their LE figure, I will eagerly compensate you for it; I really want to have both, but not worth another $300 pledge on top of my current $500. Awesome Aaron! Thank you for your support! Hi Laurynas. Don't worry, everything we've shared is totally intended to be in the game. We're just as eager to make this game as awesome as we've said as you are to play it ;) So excited for this project, just upgraded to the $300 pack. Can't wait for the release, congratulations guys for achieveing your goals! Hi Michael. I don't know how possible that is but we may be able to look into alternatives if there is enough demand. Thank you so much, Paul! I also asked on the Forums since I was not sure which would be best in the short timeframe. That is amazing to hear! Looks awesome :) let's just hope that you guys won't go the "lying" route as so much developers and publishers tend to go these days. All the pessimism aside, wish you the best of luck. Can't wait to try out your creation :) cheers! Paul, if after the campaign we decide we want to add more addons, will we be able to do so through the pledge manager? @Paul Crowther Thank you! Hi David. You should be fine to have a ? in your name in the game :) Hi Bonnie. We're looking into the possibility of some last minute add on's and digital content has been mentioned. The weapons will require connection to the figure (With a FusionCore) to activate them but as with the figures themselves you can play with them without the figures and accessories present once they have been activated. They will update their stats and progress the next time they are equipped to an active figure. Can I use the in game name “David K?” This is a slightly important question for me if I am going to pledge more. Which is already a difficult choice, but might be easier tomorrow after two job interviews. I already could not use the name on the forums due to the question-mark. As my artist signature, I always try to claim it first, and then switch between two other names in the case thatI cannot. Depending on if it is a game or not. “David K? the Legendary” would be neat. @Paul Crowther: two quick questions: 1) do you have any plans to add any digital items as add-ons (like pets, etc) before the end of the campaign? and 2) For the weapons you have as add-ons: I understand that these are physical and can be equipped by the figures by placing them in their hands (which then carries over into the game). Can they also be used without the figures, and if they can, how does that work? Thank you in advance! @Andrew Wilson Have you seen this video yet? If you haven't maybe it could answer some questions. See the Lightseekers Card Game in action! - <url>☹️️ That only one can play the beta, and the other have to look on jealously of the other child . And will the 2nd figure still say founder to the 2nd child who is force to wait till January for normal release. and as a Business perspective . To make a parant who paid $150 for 2 starter pack (battle pack) to be limited to picking one child to have access to beta put us in a dilemma on if we should drop our backing down to $50. Then creation a 2nd kickstarter account to spend another $50. That mean lightseeker will lose $50 in backing just to control the number of beta one backer could have. It should be 1 beta per each starter pack . Just think if all backer would have to make the decision I will find myself making in the next 2 days we may drop down in funding. That doesn't make since for them to do that plus seeing I raise my funding up by adding 3 add on the 2nd beta will not break the bank it will strengthen it. I guess I have some thinking to do. In the next two days. Heyhey. Who can we buy the cards and figures when the KS Project is over and in 2017 the game is started? @Aaron At the very least, they do intend to make more for the game. It just isn't likely that they will create a third this early for Kickstarter participants. Will you still make a third character even if we don't hit the 300,000 mark? Add on to my previous comment/questions: Is it only the tribute cards that help your in-game character, and all of the other cards are Augmented Reality only (not helpful in-game)? And I believe I read or heard somewhere that the card game will eventually be played online? I'm still pretty confused on the topic and I doubt I'll have people around me physically that will play. Wondering how many booster packs I should get. An expansion on Adam's Will the physical Aquadart Crab and Nitro Hammer only be obtainable via starter packs, or will they be available for purchase on their own like the eel and cleaver? The limited edition figure in the $300 pledge. Is it only Tyrax? also does this limited edition figure come with its own weapon/fusioncore or is it just the stand alone figure? Does this mean in the end i'll be at three figures? Just trying to figure out if I should add on another weapon. Thank you! Playable characters & Trading Card - Questions Characters Do you have to buy the figurine to get the playable character? I'm pretty interested in the later frog with the clock character. Cards Can each of the cards abilities / pets be found in the game without the cards? Do they only help you get them sooner? I read somewhere all of the cards can be used in the game. Also, are the pets timed or do they always follow you? And are pets and helpers used synonymously or are pets their own thing? Thank you again! @Chris But I guess if you wait for the release, your kids could activate 2 accounts (because game will be free and figures will be linked to an account). But you need to wait I guess, if you activate any of them during the beta it will locked on the beta account (which will become a normal account after the release). But Im not part of the team so maybe Im wrong @Chris There is only one beta entry. If you want more, as it was already said, you need 2 KS accounts to take 2 rewards. And to be honest I disagree with : "if you get two toys start packs you should qualify for two beta testing Log ins" It could be right if you'll have 2 times the same figures, but to collect all different figures is part of the game. It's just two different characters to play with, like in a lot of games. To me it make sense that if you get two toys start packs you should qualify for two beta testing Log ins So with the beta testing that starts in December. I got the battle pack so I could get two figures for each of my boys my question is will I be able to log in to each of there iPads so they each can start there beta test or am I limited to just 1 beta entry only on 1 device????? Hi all I live on the Gold Coast in Australia & have made a facebook page for all the Australian players of the game, collectors of the figures & players of the card game. We can use this as a way to promote Events like Demos, Tournaments or just if you want to get together & play all things Lightseekers. This will be a closed group but just ask to join. <url>"To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and packs that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge."? They say they will send a survey, and I'm wondering if it only includes the add-ons or can include two packs. @David You can only receive one pledge reward per account. So if you want two different pledge reward, you will have to pledge for them as two separate accounts. This is completely acceptable, but is how it must be done in Kickstarter's system. Can we get both the "Physical Pioneer Pack" and the "Digital Pioneer Pack"? Should I pledge 95 + Add-ons, or just pick 50 + Add-ons? I was going to add on two "Booster Packs" as well. I see the add-ons can, but I'm not sure about the two latter being together. Hi guys quick Q if I have to accounts & I want the early ohysical pioneer pack on one account & then the card seekers pack on another account what happens to postage? Question about returning the pilot figure. Will you be e mailing everyone a paid label to use? Or will we have to pay for the shipping? Shipping for something like this will probably be around $20.00 or more if I want to ship it back priority mail. Well done guys, you have done a superb job throughout the KS campaign, let's hope your future is just as bright! ����� That special edition Tyrax is really awesome looking! So excited for this game!!!!! Wishing you all a smooth development and testing period! Grongrats to everyone at Playfusion! Soooo happy! This is exciting. Can't wait for December. Thank you for bringing this community together and letting in on this protect.....Now let's get those stretch goals!! congratz guys. I can't wait to see & play this game with my son. He is going to love playing it. I want those AFs in my hands...... WE ARE FUUNNNNDEDDD!! Now to work toward those stretch goals! Haha Woot! Thanks for the support everyone! Yesssss!!! Woohoo!!! :D Congratulations on meeting your goal. @Michael. Its a fair point, I probably will jump on for the second figure. That way I can show the game off to my friends. Plus two figures amongst all my Disney Infinity Star Wars and Marvel characters will look better. And who is the cool looking rock/fire thing on the new page banner? @Daniel If you are even considering buying the second figure's starter pack after the campaign, just bite the bullet and get it now. In a response to a post on the subreddit, the anticipated MSRP is $69.99 for a starter pack and $15.99 for accessories (which I'm assuming includes the figures, flight packs, and weapons). @Karen. See, Tyrax is more my thing, but I like the Mari figure too. So exciting to see we on the home stretch this game is going to be amazing cannot wait @Daniel I'm going for Mari she's uber cute that and she's in my favorite colours XD. Wow! Not had chance to check this all day. Open it up this evening and we're so very nearly there. Very exciting! Now to choose, Mari or Tyrax... @ Paul ....tease x.x Wait and see Andy! ;P Seconded. Especially as I expect any more addons would push us over the goal :) any more addon's coming before the end guys? WOOOTS we are practically there now! Hey Patrick. if we hit the stretch goal every backer will get an exclusive tier 1 pet :) Question: if we get the first stretch goal, what tear will the kickstarter exclusive pet be? Yay nearly there can't wait now!!! Hey Motion-In-Poetry! You gotta love that last growth spurt in Kickstarter project backing :) lol, more than $30,000 pledged and 80 backers since I said there would be a big bump in funding now :P @Arck! Woo! If we keep the pace up we may even unlock some stretch goals too! 7 days with only 4.2k to go? It's happening! 8D Hi James and Justin! So that bit on the cards refers to the 'Tribute card'. These cards can be scanned once by an individual and it will apply a buff to their character (So for example an increase in Xp gained etc). The buffs will be permanent on the character. The tribute cards can also be shared with other people (It's one use per person rather than one use in total) and doing so will benefit the original user too. Man $195,781 we are getting close! Lets try for the first stretch goal! Great question James, I was just wondering that myself... to add to that will there be an in game card game (hearthstone or gwent) or are they only meant to be played physically with another person Another question, sorry! What does the card "one time bonus" mean? Does that mean that you can only use the spell/boost/pet or whatever one time in game, and then the card is spent, or that it unlocks the spell in game for your character? Thank you! Truly, this next week is just going to drag by so slowly... at least I have the Cubs to keep me distracted for now! No worries Michael! If we can give you a different answer later on we'll be sure to let you know :) @Paul Fair enough, and thanks for the reply! I will certainly be keeping an eye out, hoping for a change. :) Hi Michael. Right now we can only confirm 1 of the limited versions per person. Hi Noel. We're still working on the specifics of the physical content in the card decks so can't really advise on whether we'll have them in a specific format later on. You can rest assured that whatever we do make the card mats out of will be of good quality :) *Via the pledge, or even a paid upgrade. Is there any chance at making both Limited Edition figures available to at least the $500 pledge and above? Cause the Completionist really isn't so if they're missing one of the figures. :P Hmmm glossy paper.. Will you be bringing out neoprene play matts in the future then? Hi Noel. Yes the digital beta will be December with the physical toys and cards coming in March. That's to give TOMY plenty of time to manufacture them to a high standard. For those in the physical beta we'll have prototype pilot models which they can use. When those are sent back to us after the beta we'll replace them with a limited edition version of the mari or tyrax. Hi Noel. We're still ironing out some of the finer details of the physical products but it will likely be made of glossy paper so that it's easy to fold up and carry around with you in the deck. Hi Ricky. We'll have more specifics on the beta a bit nearer the time. It's likely an NDA will be involved for early beta access but we'll confirm the details later. Also am i right in thinking the Ios/Android beta starts in December & the cards & figures for the KS backers come in march 2017? Hi guys just wanted to know what the card matt that comes in the starter deck is made out of? 89% pledged and remaining pledges per day down to $2,377 to be successfully funded. <url>"unique" cards from the 385 cards or something ? :) Hi Daniel. Yes, the card starter packs should contain a playing mat to help you organise your card placement and track your health. @Paul. When you say each deck contains a mat, do you mean a game mat like the one featured in the gameplay video? @Paul Of course, and is the answer I expected. Was just worth asking as I would *love* to have the LE of both, and only 120 of the 888 are currently claimed through the pledges. Thank you for your quick replies! Always Ricky! Always! Hi Motion-In-Poetry. Each starter deck has 36 AR trading cards, one 9 card booster pack, a tribute card to use in the main game, storage box, mat and health counter. Hi Michael. We have no current system or plans in place to increase the limited edition versions right now. They're limited so it will be one per person if they return the pilot prototype. Mondays. Am I right Crow lmao. I see your day was a bit busy. @Paul Crowther Thank you! @Paul Crowther good to hear :) ... after watching the gameplay video I was kinda shocked that there wasn't more about the card game shown of the front page :P ha ha I work on a lot of board games myself, and I think the rotation mechanic is one of the coolest card mechanics I've seen in a very long time ;) such a great way to plan future turns :) I'm sure a lot of board game shops would be interested in a store pledge like the Cardseeker Pack ;) ... P.S. how many of the 385 "unique" core cards are contained in the 6 starter decks ? :) Paul Thank you for your reply and clarification. And then, yes: is there any possibility of an upgrade to receive a limited edition of *both* mari and tyrax? Hi Motion-In-Poetry! We're definitely working on getting the word out to more places :) Just backed for the card game pledge :) looks like it has great mechanics :) was waiting to pledge until I saw the gameplay video for the card game :) have you shown this around any tabletop game sites yet ? :) I'm sure you could have had a successful KS just with the card game itself ;) Hi James. The weapons are independent accessories that level up by themselves. They have their own stats and abilities and you can increase their power by improving them with in game drops. The advantage of having multiple weapons is that you can wield more than one at a time and can change them up for different benefits in combat. Hi Bonnie! 1) You should be able to choose which account you want to apply the rewards to. We'll have more details on that later though. 2) March is the earliest we will be able to send them unfortunately as they are being produced by TOMY and they are unlikely to have these ready before then. 3) We can't be more specific other than January right now. Once we are able to give a more precise time we will let everyone know :) 4) We'll be selling the figures in retail stores. Currently starter packs are aimed to be around $69.99. Distribution is being handled by our friends at TOMY and they will likely aim for major toy retailers. Hi Michael. Just to clarify on the 3rd figure aspect. It's still a mari/tyrax just a limited edition version of those designs. Just wanted to make sure that was clear ;) Awesome to have you with us Daniel! Hi Sonia. To add an add on all you need to do is go to 'Manage my pledge' at the top of the screen and increase your pledge by the amount of the add on you wish to add. We will contact you at the end to help you choose which of the add on's you wanted. Hi Dimitrios. As Michael has suggested, you can only choose one rewards pack per account via Kickstarter. If however you wanted to select some of the add on options we have on offer then all you would need to do is go to 'Manage my pledge' at the top of the page and increase your total pledge by the amount of the add on you wish to add. So if you wanted to add the flight pack you would increase it by $10. You can increase it as much as you like to get as many of the add on's as you want. We will contact you at the end to select which add on's you want to receive. Hi Charles. Right now the only option to get both the physical and digital benefits is the Battle Pack. We are though still looking at potential additional add on options. Hi Michael. It's a 3rd figure. You still get a mari and tyrax starter pack as well as the limited edition :) Picking up steam again. Keep it going everybody. Get your add ons in. Getting excited check out Family Friendly KS miniatures game: Gnomes & Associates. James, the weapons should work differently and have different ability. Also your figure can hold 2 at a time to dual weald them. what is the benefit of having multiple weapons for your figure? Will they work differently from each other, with different skills, etc? Or is it mostly just cosmetic? Hello! I just pledged, and I have all sorts of questions: 1) This is for my nephew. Will it be possible to gift him the digital kickstarter exclusive perks, like the backer and founder titles and the exclusive pet (if you make it to that stretch goal)? 2) When is it likely that the physical card starter packs will be sent? Is it in any way likely that it could be earlier than March? 3) Round about when in January are you thinking to launch the non-beta game? i.e., early or late January? 4) Re: the figures: what are your plans for retail price once released normally? Do you plan to sell in physical retail stores in the US, and if so which stores are you aiming for? Just found this campaign, what a great product! I'm a big fan of the Disney Infinity range, mostly as a Marvel and Star Wars fan I love the figurines, but also the game is fun. I also like Trading Card Games with an easy to learn but deep mechanic. This looks like it's combining good parts from both these. I'll certainly be upping my pledge later to get some add one, but for now I'm watching this with interest. TO THOSE WHO NEED ADDON INSTRUCTIONS If you wish to add an addon to your order: 1) click on 'manage pledge' at the top of the page 2) without changing your pledge level, raise your pledge value by the amount needed for the pledges you desire ($10 for each flight, weapon, or 4x booster pack; $15 per starter deck) 3) save your pledge NOTE: it is *not* at this point that you select your desired addon -- that will be after the Kickstarter completes and orders are officially taken If you are still confused, I advise contacting Kickstarter (not PlayFusion) for assistance. Ok I am lost I want to do an add on I go to manage but then what no where to add help plz someone @Dimitrios just so you know, if you want two of the $150 packages, you cannot simply pledge $300 and hope to select it twice -- with how Kickstarter functions, you will need to complete the $150 pledge as two separate accounts. As far as add-ons, you select 'manage pledge' at the top of the page, and without changing your pledge level, increase the value pledged by the cost of the add-on i.e., if you want the $150 pledge pack, plus two flight packs ($20) and one weapon ($10), leave your pledge level at the $150 pledge selection, but change the amount pledged to $180. Make sense? Guys maybe this has been answered before but I am curious. I have pledged enough for two of the $150 for me and my son but I am confused as to how we can add the flight packs or other add ons. Am I missing something on how to do this? @Charles At the very least, as those two are not progressive rewards, you could pledge as two separate accounts and select those two packages to get both Can there be some sort of option that combines the physical and the digital pioneer packs? I know there is the $150 pack, but I have no need of two figures, and would just like to get the digital rewards and the single figure. @Patrick Thanks! Then as a followup to Paul, could there be an 'upgrade' option for those pledge levels to get a special edition of both? Michael, some one had asked about that before and they where told that they would get to pick ether a special edition of Mari or a special edition of Tyrax. I realized this was something to clarify: is the limited edition figure a special edition of a Mari or Tyrax, or a third received figure? Sorry to hear that James, hope things work out for you soon. Hi Michael. We definitely want to look at consoles for potential future options :) Gonna pull my funding for now. Just lost my job. I'm sure you guys can meet your goal. Good luck! Is there any intention to potentially expand gameplay to platforms (PS4, Xbox), or even future platforms? *cough* Nintendo Switch *cough* *cough* Hi Tim. The starter packs are specifically focused on giving you a deck you can play with straight away whilst the booster packs are random cards. In a starter deck you will get a pre built ready to play deck specifically aligned to one of the Orders (Astral, Dread, Mountain, Nature, Storm and Tech). The decks contain 36 cards, a booster pack (9 random cards), a tribute card which can be used to give you benefits in the digital game, a storage box for your deck and a play mat which helps you organise your card layout and identify how much health you are on with the counter which is included. They are great decks for people looking to just get a game going as soon as possible. A checklist sounds like a good idea and one I'll suggest to the team :) Hey James. One starter pack will only help one player. If you wanted a second pack to play with someone else you can add one on to your order by increasing your pledge by an extra $15 :) Awesome to hear you're as excited as we are Andy! Also, can I suggest including a checklist of cards that make up that starter deck so that if you begin to experiment later by taking some cards from one deck and mixing with another you can always sort back out quickly into their original starter decks again. Cheers! @Paul: Could you please break down the order starter decks for us in terms of cards. ie how many cards are in each deck? Given that you get 36 cards for $10 in the booster add-on. I imagine there are 50/60 cards in an order deck. eg. 3x heroes 20x buff cards 25x attack cards or whatever. The Cardseeker pledge states "each of which contain a booster pack, Tribute card, deck storage box, play mat, and health counter" but I would like to think there's more than a tribute card and booster in each. Many thanks! I am assuming, and sorry if this is answered elsewhere, that the 15 dollar starter pack for cards is only enough for one player. If I wanted enough cards to play the game with someone else, I'd need to buy two, correct? What started as a 50 dollar pledge became a 150 dollar pledge due to overwhelming excitement for this universe to come to my world... then my pledge became exposed to your add-ons and my pledge became swollen. 195 dollars is the diagnosis for now but if this pledge becomes exposed to any more add-ons, it will certainly exacerbate the swelling. Keep up the amazing work! We are getting close! Keep it uppp guysss, I am getting excited! Thanks for the update Paul. The flight pack add on is great for people at lower pledge levels where they were not already included. Your comments to Michael address my issue so you are already balancing add on content with the value of higher tier packages. Add on content outside of tier levels would incentivize higher level backers to pledge a little more. Hi Nathaniel. We have now added flight packs as add on's and may look to add more options in the future :) Hey Justin. There were only 10 designer packs available so it's really not all that surprising that they've sold out by now. We have been running for a couple of weeks :) Hi Michael. We're still looking at add on options but we do have to make sure we're not devaluing the higher tier packages for those who have already pledged towards them. Thank you Kevin! That's awesome Andy! @Nathaniel! Best news to start my day with! Paul, Any chance we will see any wearable add-ons or new add-ons outside of what is currently listed in reward levels? @justin, As Michael has pointed out the $1,000 tier has been available since the beginning. Up until a couple of days ago it was available to anyone willing to increase their pledge. Over the weekend there were only 8 of 10 claimed. @Justin The $1000 reward has also been available all campaign, just like the others. And took the first 12 days to get it covered. @Justin its fishy that 10 things sold out before 858? All the $1,000 rewards instantly sold out the second they were available while there are tons of $300 and $500 tiers left? That smells pretty fishy.... Is there any chance at making the Figure Starter Packs an addon as well? Would like to add extra Mari and Tyrax, if possible. I updated my pledge too. I hope you guys reached the 200k. I WANT THIS GAME!!! :-D updated my pledge with alllll the addons! thanks for the flight pack one, im super excited for that one especially Paul, Congratulation to you and your team. The Designer Pack is now 100% claimed. Cheers Aaron! Hi paul, I've been spamming this on facebook, so here's hoping lol Hi Aaron. There's no ideal time for a Kickstarter really but it's pretty normal for things to slow down a bit mid way. We'll be throwing in some new add on's and continuing to get the message out which should get a few more backers involved :) Thanks Noel! We like to try and keep a good dialogue going with our community :) Hey Chris! Don't worry, the campaign is far from over. It's pretty normal for Kickstarters to slow down occasionally as a lot of people wait until the last couple of days to make their pledge. Fear not though, we're not just waiting around! We're going to be boosting things along with some more add on options soon and we're still working hard to get the word out! Thanks Ricky! I have to say so far this has been one of the best KS campaigns I have been involved in, in terms of feed back on all social media outlets & here on KS ,one of the best. To be honest this may have went better around tax return time, I'm hoping this goes through. Im Soooo excited about this game, I have my card folder empty and waiting for foils lol Seeing we are a little less than 97,000 from hitting the goal what the back of plan ? Can u extended the 17days left ? Or are you going to resubmit the kickstarter if not meet? I'm sweeting it here my kids are so amp up about the game and toys and card that it going to be a sad day or month or longer if I have to explain that it not coming out do to not enuff backer . So we NEED everybody to start telling everybody with kids about show them the video explains the game. LET make this happen. It sad that it won't be available till march if funded because a lot of parents that I talk to sad it 4 month to late for them to invest in to to have it shipout in time for xmas 2016 I try and argue they can buy it for next year xmas gift but they don't want to wait . This looks pretty awesome. I pledged Battle Pack. My son and I are going to love this. Paul, Thanks for looking into this and for getting an answer so quickly. Hi Nathaniel. I raised your query with the team and you'll be pleased to hear that we are looking at making our FusionCore API's available to the developer community in due course :) @ Paul: Thank you for your quick reply, really looking forward to the new videos! Hi Michael. Fair points! We are working on a video that explains the card game in detail and we are planning to showcase more gameplay footage soon. Hi Noel. We are planning to add extra add on's soon. Hi Justin. Get the word out there! Tell your friends and family and let them know about Lightseekers. The more who can see what's on offer the more pick up we'll get! Hi David. Don't worry, we've got plenty in the works to help generate extra push :) Hi Nathaniel. I'll ask around and see if anyone has an answer to that and get back to you when I can :) Hi Ric! Don't worry, the Kickstarter add on process can be a bit tricky but in the end it's quite simple. All you need to do is head to 'Manage my pledge' and then increase your pledge amount by the cost of the add on you wish to add. We'll contact you at the end of the campaign to find out which one you wanted. Hi Emily. So the idea behind a lot of our packages was to break it up into the areas we thought would be the most beneficial to backers, namely look into supporting those who just wanted the game, those who just wanted the cards and those who just wanted the figures. The cardseeker pack was designed with the card fan in mind and the value of that pack is calculated around the value of all that content. The Battle and Legendary packs feature a lot more of the other rewards but don't include the booster packs in order to keep the cost lower than the Completionist pack which contains a lot more content. This has been our first entry into Kickstarter so we've learned quite a bit from this experience and we do fully acknowledge that some of our reward packages aren't as clear as they could be. In retrospect we probably overthought the whole 'Appeal to different areas' approach ;) We are looking into add on options so that we can make it easier to tailor the pledge more towards what you want from the rewards. You can already add 4 booster packs for an extra $10 so if you've spotted a reward pack that you want but it doesn't have the booster packs you can always add them as an add on :) Hi Marisa! We won't be on Steam when we launch but we might look into Steam support later down the line. You can add non-Steam games to your Steam library in order to keep the Steam overlay and launch the programs from within the Steam program :) Hi Nathaniel! Don't worry, we've got lots of things in the works to keep the momentum going. We're still reaching out to potential backers, promoting the Kickstarter and working on new add on options for everyone here. We've got plenty going on to keep interest up :) Yes, the campaign lost a lot of forward momentum. There are already over 28.500 Facebook followers, but only 1.012 backers... I personally think many people are waiting with their decision till they see more gameplay videos and read more about the "ever-changing world with thousands of hours of repeatable gameplay". And a TCG rulebook would be nice. I have backed at the physical pack & The 2 add ons I would like to see is PC/Mac alpha or beta access & the ability to buy figures separatly. Any plan or even advice on how we can get this project a "second wind" to combat a loss of momentum, to help Get this over the finish line and hopefully a few extra goals Howdy, looks like a great game. Looking at kicktraq, this initiative seems to have lost a lot of momentum forward. You might consider offering additional add ons as a way to get enough support to carry it. @Paul Crowther will we see an api or btle spec posted on github or elsewhere to interact with the figures. It would allow similar integrations to <url>"manage pledge", I'm sorry and thanks in advance guys! I do want to note for those I've been trying to help -- I am not a PlayFusion/Lightseekers employee; merely a backer and enthusiast, and have managed to pick up on a fair bit of the information throughout the campaign. So while I am just trying to help out anyone who is interested like I, be sure to check with Paul or another on the PlayFusion roster if you need a definitive answer. @Scott Certainly a popular debate. An important value to recognize: even beyond the tcg, the cards will augment the digital game. Even for me, I don't expect to often play the card game with friends, if at all. But I know that they will still hold plenty of value with their in-game implementation. Maybe something to consider to help aid the decision. Calculating if the better deal is to add on tons of boosters or go for a higher tier. I may never play it as a TCG, but I have several binders full of cards because I like the art. Regardless, I can't wait to play the beta and see the cards in march. Yeah, the add-ons are pretty great. As anyone who plays or collects tcg's, $2.50 per pack is a steal. Thank you, I appreciate the clarification. I've been pouring over the options and saw this hole and wanted to make I was reading it correctly. Add ons here I come. Justin asked it in a better way and you did answer my question! I also appreciate your guys being quick to respond! @Justin Nathaniel is correct, the $300 does not come with any boosters. However, if you do not wish to spend another $200 minimally for a tier that does, the add-ons are certainly an excellent way to purchase boosters. At $10 for a 4-pack, that's actually quite the deal. Justin, The rewards aren't progressive like most campaigns. $150 and $300 levels are missing boosters as they are toy tiers. To get the card tier and toy tier you need to move to a $500 pledge. They have added a table to the end of the campaign to clarify what is included at each level. I was also wondering about the card situation for the 300 level. We get the 6 staters but what about boosters. Thanks. @Emily How are you referencing this info? On how it's structured, the $99 cardseeker pack gets 12 boosters, and then $500 and above get 40 each. But if you could note what exactly you're interpreting, someone may be able to help clarify So as I see it additional card packs are offered as 13packs for $150 , skipping $300, then 40 packs for everyone else higher? Why is this? This was probably asked before, but is Lightseekers going to be available on the Steam platform when released? I personally like to have all my games in there Can you comment on how you plan to keep the momentum going over the next 20 days? In order to see a successful campaign you need to sustain approx. 5k per day in pledges. Hey Stephen! We're definitely looking to push details of the card game out to more card and boardgame dedicated groups. We're working on a video that clearly outlines how the game works so it's much easier for people to quickly get to grips with the system. Hi Luis! The Pioneer pack will get you a Starter Pack at a cheaper price than retail (Especially if you grab the early bird) and will ensure you get one as soon as possible. You also get a bunch of exclusive in game content to enjoy too. If you're after either more content there are some great value higher tiers and we'll be looking into more and more add on options to help you tailor your rewards. Hi Chris! That sounds like an awesome idea! Hey James! Good question. Once the campaign ends it won't be possible for someone to gain access to them via Kickstarter but we might look to offer them via other means. I'll raise it with the team :) Hi Nathan! Flight packs are available for the $300, $500, $1000 & $10,000 packs :) Hi Michael! If you mean any update in how the box will look then not quite yet as we're still working on the design. If you meant a different type of update let me know and I'll find out :) A few typos...sorry about that. For those who know people that play MTG, Pokemon (all forms) or other card games you should present this to those people and the groups they are in. I own a game store and I want to present this to my CCG/TCG players. There is a large following for game that that and even if a small percentage look at this game and back it, the game will be a success. Social media is your friend... I will post it on my store's social media outlets once, I found out if there will be a re-sale aspect to the product. Until then, professionally I can only push it on my personal social media. I think the battle pack is a great deal most family have two or more kids and this way u get one for each the only bad part is they each want a starter deck with I wish with the battle pack deal they would add two deck to it but ether way myself and my boys ARE VERY HAPPY TO BE PART of this we can't wait to play Guys, I've been scanning the rewards tiers, and honestly, I think anyone that pledge for the physical pioneer tier gets a really bad deal deal. It's true that they get one out of two hero figures... but limited cards, no fly pack, no booster pack, no pets. Honestly guys... bad deal all the way. My son want to know if there will be a cartoon series that he can scan with his tablet like lego nexo knight has. He said that would be cool If at the end of the campaign and certain tiers with limited quantity goods don't max out their patrons would there be a surplus of items? If so, would people of various other tiers be able to purchase the excess afterwards? For example: Currently only the Artisan Pack has the signed physical concept art. Even the higher tiers do not. If that tier can't reach the 1,000 patron limit would a clever vulture be able to procure a left over set of concept art at a reasonable price? Same question would apply to the final tier. If there isn't 20 backers at the end of the crowd funding would the remaining engraved iPads be offered separately? @Nathan Paul has confirmed and corrected update #4's table and now reflects as originally listed in the pledge level and the earlier listed breakdown - the jet packs are included in the $300 tier and up. I saw someone already pointed this out, but I just wanted to double check to be sure. Will the jetpack items be tied to the $300 or the $500 tier? They're one of the things I'm looking forward to the most and just want to be sure I'm at the right tier! Thanks again for everything you're doing for this awesome game! Out of curiosity, any update on the display box? Now that the booster pack add-on is out and at $10 per 4, I am now debating if the box, Mari and Tyrax skins, weapon skins, and naming an npc are worth $100 to me... hmm. That's awesome David! Thanks for this morning's update. I just pledged an additional $50 to be able to take advantage of the add-ons! I am honestly struggling to contain my excitement. The beta testing cannot come soon enough!!! :D Ah well spotted Michael. We'll get that sorted. @Paul I noticed an error in the chart posted in update #4: the $300 pledge also includes the flight packs, but is not denoted as such in the new chart. Just a heads up. Hi Chris! Only individuals who pledge towards the top 4 packs ($300, $500, $1000 & $10,000) will be able to take part in the physical beta test. This is because we only have a limited number of prototypes we can send out. Anyone who backs from $20 upwards will have access to the digital beta test. The specifics of the beta, so how long it lasts and what you can do with it, will be announced a little closer to the date :) Hi Patrick! We are still looking into what additional add ons we can offer. We've just recently been able to add 4 booster packs as well as the starter packs :) I've never done a beta test so what all happen in the beta? Do we get to test the figures and the cards with the app game ? Or do we only get to test the app ? And how long do we get to to do the beta before it end? And can we load the beta on more then one Device ? Are you guys still planning to put up other add-ons? Still holding out for a flight pack and extra weapon. I just want to know if I should keep holding out or just get the extra card starter deck. Thanks. @Paul Thanks for your response, and I certainly understand. Of course, I have already pledged at the collector's level, anyway. Far too excited and can't wait to play your game!!! :D Awesome Kristoffer! @Paul Cheers. Now I can change my pledge to Battle Pack. :) Hi James! The pilot models aren't really intended for long term use and we would need them back in order to send out the limited edition version. Hi Michael! Interesting idea but not really something we're set up to be able to offer as most of the products will be available in stores rather than our website so it would be very difficult to track who should get the discount. The Kickstarter rewards we have currently though do offer quite a good discount on the products prior to release so if you want a good deal they are certainly worth it :) Hi Kristoffe, sorry the response took a while but you should now be able to get the rewards delivered to Norway! @Josh Cool to know. Obviously, I wouldn't want it to thin their margins too significantly. However, it would make sense to reward those who put faith in their product from the beginning, and could draw out more funds needed to back -- either through new backers who succumb to the value of supporting the project at the current stage, or upping the values of current backers by making it a threshold pledge incentive e.g., at the digital pioneer or higher. @Michael Star Citizen did this by linking Kickstarter pledges to accounts on their site. Anyone who was an OB (original backer) had access to certain discounts and other promos. Lifetime discounts may be a bit much to ask, but first crack at new figures or discounts on new waves for a limited period could be a nice incentive. Since the physical beta testers have to send the pilot model back to you guys in exchange for the limited edition model would it be possible for someone to keep a pilot prototype and then pay an extra sum to also receive the fully tested model ? I anticipate this may be a little tricky, but as this is (hopefully) merely the beginning of this franchise and there is an intended significant expansion of this game and its products, a possible SIGNIFICANT incentive that may encourage many more backers (or even for current backers to up their pledge) is if Kickstarter backers received a discount on future products. I know myself and many others are eagerly anticipating future figures, weapons, flight packs, and whatever else this game may entail. Having an additional incentive like this may encourage newcomers to back or current backers to possibly up their tier, knowing their investment would pay off in the future. Just a thought. Hi Whanaopeo. We can ship to EU locations so Finland should be fine :) I got the impression from some comments that the physical goods won't be shipped to Scandinavia. Is this true? Should I lower my $50 pledge as I live in Finland? Thanks Arck! Almost 50 percent with 24 days to go! Congrats you guys =D It will only be the mari and tyrax to choose from the Kickstarter though. Hi Dakotah! There will be other characters but we can't say much more on that just yet as they're not quite ready :) Any nature Lightseekers in the works? Or are there just two to choose from. Hi Kristoffer. I'll chase that up and get back to you :) Hi Karen! As Michael mentioned, you can add $15 to your pledge to get an extra card starter deck. If you want two just bump up your total by $30 :) Thanks Steve! Is there any way to make the shipping support Norway? :) @Karen Any pledge level is able to add an additional deck of your choosing for $15. So if you have currently pledged $60 for the Pioneer Pack, click 'Manage Your Pledge' and change the amount pledged to $75 for one deck, or $90 for two decks. Eeps! Can't wait yo get my mits on the figure I'd be getting if this is sucessful. Just wonderig if we at the early bird $60 level will be able to get a deck or two of the ar cards? First and foremost - Congratulations guys on such a successful launch. The game is looking amazing! Backed and pledged and looking forward to further updates. Quote - @PlayFusion : "A booster pack add-on is a good idea. We'll look into adding that this week. Thanks for the suggestion! Maybe we do digital rewards as an add-on to the $50/$60 pack? What do you think?" I totally agree an add-on with digital rewards for the $50/$60 is a must-have :p I think at least a pet reward and the extra quest area should be included, I'm pretty sure a lot of people would buy this add-on. I'll be the first ! ^^ I hope it'll be available and will wait for it :p Thanks for the answer ! Hello, I would love to see the extra weapons or Flight packs as add ons. Really looking forward to this game (: Looking awesome. Good luck guys! Hi guys - your kickstarter looks great! Just backed with a pledge. Love the idea, innovation and looks totally fun to boot :) 1.) will I be allowed to share pictures of the figures? 2.) would I be able to share my figure(s) interacting (not actual game play footage) 3.) what exactly are the details in "destroying" a figure? would shipping be covered to return said figures? Hello :) First of all, congrats ! The concept is really interesting. But it was a bit hard to know what to do. Usually, rewards are progressive, the more you pay, the more you'll get but here, rewards are really differents. It's good to have the extra 15$ option to get a starter pack, but like Mike and Im sure a lot of other people, I would love to have mixed content, physical and digital. My first question is about the extra 15$ option. Ill get only a pre-built deck of 36 cards right ? Because the trader pack which is 15$ too comes with more (1 booster pack, and other extras). What can stop me to ask a friend to pledge on the 15$ trader pack for me ? (and so get more extras than the 15$ option) Second question, are you planning to make a "booster packs" option ? I like pre-built decks but yeah, I love to build my own deck :) And like Mike, Im a it sad to dont have some digital rewards by pledging the 50/60$ Physical pack and unfortunately even if I already love the game even without playing it yet, I can't pledge 150$ :/ Congrats on the game concept and the successful launch of the kickstarter campaign. Quick question about the Cardseeker Pack, does it also include the Hero Starter Pack from the previous pack? (I'm quick excited about the physical elements but not sure I'm getting the right pack yet). Thanks I was wondering if you had a copy of the waiver we would be signing for the $300 option. (curious about a few things) I just want to say a big thank you to everyone who has backed us so far. You guys are all awesome! Nice chart Vincent, lot of great work put into that! We'll be adding a clearer rewards image on the campaign page in the next couple of days so hopefully that will make it easier for everyone :) Hey LightseekersHQ! We're working on a chart that makes all the rewards a lot clearer :) As for showing the exclusive stuff, it is very likely we'll do that when we're able to :) Hi Mike. We're looking into additional add on option for the future. With luck you may find an option there that would appeal. Remember though that you can change your pledge at any time whilst the campaign is active so it's worth going for one now and then seeing how you feel later in the campaign :) Hi Ice Striker. We'd love to look at additional locations but right now not everywhere can be supplied to. If that changes though we will definitely let everyone know. Hi Juan. You won't lose your limited spot if you add cards to your pledge :) Thanks for the support Crits! Hi Paul! The physical rewards will be released in March whilst the digital game will be available in January. It is a short time frame but we're confident we can deliver in that time :) Hi Mike! The reward tiers only contain the rewards listed on their description. We're looking into adding more add on options later as well as a chart which makes it clearer which package contains what. Hi Geraldo. That is correct, thank you! I made an overview of all tiers and their rewards. Note that this is my understanding, so I might be wrong. Any input welcome: <url>"Everything in the $?? Pack, Plus..." Person request... Will we be SEEING any of the Exclusive Tier 1 Character Skin, The KS Exclusive Weapon Skin, The Pioneer, Founder and Legendary Textures, The Pioneer Headgear, The Legendary Weapon Skin and The 2 Exclusive Skins for Mari and Tyrax? It's a shame the $50/$60 Physical Pack doesn't include the Pets and Exclusive Dungeon, as those are the only two pieces of in-game content missing from said bundle. I'm only interested in one of the figures, but would also like the Tier 4 pet at least, yet the jump from $50 to $150 to get both in addition to an extra figure and weapons I'm not interested in is a bit much... Not sure what I want to do at this point. @_@ @Paul will there be a chance that your partners/suppliers are reviewing to deliver to Asia before the project ends? I am currently at the Early bird Physical pack which is limited and i was wondering if i go for the addon card pack will i lose my place in the Early bird pack? This looks great. My family and I are big Skylanders and Infinity players having two boys (11 and 8). They were hooked from their first look at this. If you need any coverage on the CCG element of this let me know. Happy to help get the word out through our board game blog, Crits Happen. Best of luck guys, looking forward to more stuff here! Just curious, the timeline to deliver seems very short. Will the card game be released the same time as the video game? @Geraldo Correct. If you want the early pack and one of the starter decks, you would pledge $65. @Mike The early bird only includes the items as detailed in the pledge listing, or this image breakdown: <url>"Manage my pledge" at the top of the page and simply increase the amount by $15. At the end of the campaign we'll send you a survey to select the extras you want added :) How can I get the add-on? I'm at $150 right now Hey Patrick! We're considering what other options we can add later on :) Are you still looking in to more add-on items or is the card back going to be the only one? My self I'm hoping you put up the flight packs and the weapons as I want to get the flight pack and extra weapon that match tyrax. Thanks Well spotted Michael! @Vincent I think Paul forgot to mention -- with the Battle Pack, it's actually more than just the digital pioneer and the physical pioneer: it's virtually two of the physical pioneer as you get BOTH starters instead of having to choose just one. And then, of course, the two additional weapons. Hi Arck! We're not really planning any paywalls as such. You'll have a greater experience and access to some cool abilities and items with the figures and cards but even without those you'll have a full RPG game with hundreds of hours of quests, dungeons and more! The aim is for the figures and cards to give you more rather than for you to feel punished or hindered without them. I've already backed (as I love the art design and concept), but what is expected to be behind a pay-wall? Will the game be light in content without participation in the card game and toys? Hi Andy! We're going to be releasing a video soon on the card game and giving some more information on it. We'll update everyone on Kickstarter when that's ready :) Hi Peter! You don't get a pet for the Pioneer pack but we are looking into additional add on options for later on. Can we expect some more in depth description of the different Orders as well so we will be able to better pick which Order for our cards? Can we get a in-game pet add-on as I've back at the early bird Physical Pioneer Pack level but it doesn't include the in-game pets, or does it? Thanks for the explanation! thanks for the card addon! i upped my pledge for it! Hi Vincent. We're constantly looking into what extras we can add into the campaign so with luck we'll be able to offer something along those lines later ;) Hi Justin. Sorry if you find the explanation confusing. It's six trading card starter PACKS. The booster packs contain 9 cards and you will get 40 booster packs in the Signed card display box. The game itself will feature 385+ cards at launch. @Paul: sure. But thats pretty much $50 on top of what both digital and physical cost together. You get more ofc, but for me a combi of those two would be more ideal (and i'd think i am not alone ;) ) just a suggestion ofc Thank you for the support Peter! Most appreciated that you are getting the word out! Thank you for the support Mike! Hi Vincent! The pledge packs only have the rewards listed on them. If you want the figure starter packs and the digital rewards then the Battle Pack is an ideal option. Hi Keryn! As Lightseekers is made up of so many different bits we split the packages up to appeal to each area without making it way too costly for everyone. That means there are packs for game only enthusiasts, card only enthusiasts, toy only enthusiasts and then the bigger packs for those who like everything. Each pack only has the rewards listed on its pack but we are looking into extra add on options to see if we can make it even easier to get everything you want. Thanks Tyrone! Thanks for your support Emily! Hey Tyler! Lightseekers is an action RPG not an MMORPG. We will however be updating it regularly like an MMO so you will have constant new things to keep you interested! Looking forward to beta guys doing my bit to promote (like the rest I guess) have tweeted and shared to FB. One of the main reason for me backing is the sheer ambitious nature of the development, good for you let's make this a game everyone wants in their gaming library! This looks like an amazing product guys, I've pledged and I can't wait to see how this all goes for you. Good luck! Thanks for adding starter pack as addon! Now if you add as addon the expansion packs, i will be all in :-P Yeah that image doesn't really help much, Michael. I assume the physical package does not include the digital. But the one that does costs $150. Wondering why there is no $95 package that gives you basically the early bird + digital For anyone who is confused by the tier breakdown and what each pledge level includes, refer to the image at the very bottom of the campaign description: <url>"Signed card display box including 40 card booster packs". Starter packs already come with: "we'll have six trading cards starter packs and booster packs to help expand your collection" Six cards or six Starter packs? Bad English can you clear this up? Then we have reference to: "one 9 card booster pack" So there are 9 cards per pack? So not 6? The $500 tier comes with: "including 40 AR trading card booster packs" 40 cards or 40 packs? We already get 6 packs? So 40 more? How many cards are there in this game? What all does this box hold? Very scattered and disjointed information on the campaign page. Hello folks since sadly there's no shipping to my country i had to stick with low backing tier :(! But hey that's not the end of it, spread the word about lightseekers and get many people to back this amazing project. Cheers :D Hello, i was wondering if the play mat is made to hold cards for two players or just one player ? Hey Craig! We're pretty confident given the reaction so far that we'll get funded. Should we miss that target though we will update all our fans on what the plan will be going forward :) What will happen if the goal is not reached? @James Fair. But then it starts to get far too complex. (I, too, have opted for the $500 pledge) Yes, while I would *LOVE* to be able to snag those bonus skins offered in the $10k package, it wouldn't seem fair for those who pledge a percentage of the upper tiers to also have access to such a limited addon. And when you start to restrict addons to certain spending levels, things get too messy. :P @Michael: You're right about incentive and the tiers are nicely spaced, so there's plenty to choose from. That being said I'm at the 500$ tier and would be willing to also get the exclusive skins at 10,000$. The skins themselves aren't worth the 10,000$. Anyone backing that tier do so to party with the devs and drive a tank. If I was offered an add on for those skins PlayFusion would get some extra money out of me and the final tier wouldn't be any less valuable. Options like that make sense to me because we are now dealing with massive price differences at the last 3 tiers. Hi Paul (Great name :P)! Not right now BUT we are currently looking in to add on options so you may be able to soon. Can I add card starter packs to any tier? Hi Marisa! The packages only include the content listed on the pledge. If you are looking for the digital exclusives as well we recommend the Battle Pack. Does the early bird physical pioneer pack include everything $45 tier and below? The one didn't seem to specify @James Yes, you're right; there are a subset of collector's that are interested in the limited edition display box or digital extras. What's overlooked, is that is the whole point of the numbered release, higher tier packages -- to create incentive for a larger investment and reward those willing to do so. If a contributor wants to be gifted special rewards, one must be willing to support on that level. And for those who simply wish to piece together products that are not packaged in their desired form in lower tiers, products will be available after release as we both addressed. That's awesome Chris! It just amazes me at how much this whole kick starter thing has my two boys use in their imagination and trying to come up with new ways for this game to become bigger it's amazing to see their imagination grow @ Micheal: A lot of stuff is exclusive like the display box and digital extras, so anyone interested in dorking out as collectors would be interested in add ons. For most people I believe you're right that they don't need to worry. There's still going to be plenty of figures and cards at launch which most people seem interested in. Either way, people reaching out like this shows interest. People are showing them they want to give money. Adds a bit of pressure, but I believe it's a positive pressure. My two boys was talking about all the video of lightseeker we been watching on your sight and my 7 year old said he hope it get it own cartoon show and my 9 year old said he hope you add a feature to the game where you can play the card game on the iPad against the computer or real players online that way if his brother doesn't want to play with him what the cards in real life he can play with someone else on the iPad too Thank you for the support James! @Everyone Keep calm about how the packages are bundled. Keep in mind, this is simply how they are structured for Kickstarter, but know that once they hit retail, the products will be offered differently. So yes, unfortunate if the pledge levels aren't packaged as you want -- but once the product is released, you will certainly be able to supplement with the partial compliments you desire. Interesting discussion going on. I'm at 500$, so the only things left that I may want are the exclusive skins from the higher tiers. Then the completionist pack will be "complete." @Justin no one is asking them to do a lot of add ons. Only the cards and some of the digital content. I have backed many projects that had Add Ons and things went fine. Some were even thier first Kickstarter projects. People shouldn't have to back the $300.00 to get some of the stuff they want. Hey Justin! Don't worry, we've got a really good distribution partner in TOMY. They absolutely known what they're doing so you'll get everything you add on or pledge towards. Thanks Shawn! Being their first Kickstarter and the amount of different options they have, doing addons for everything would NOT be a good idea. People often get in way over their head with addons when it comes to distribution. Think of it this way, you know when you buy a product it has a barcode on it? That's a specific number for that exact product that needs to be registered. We'll call that a SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) often verbalized as "skew". Each tier here would be it's own SKU. Then, if someone adds an addon, that persons total package would be a whole new SKU. Well, with 15 tiers and say 20 addons.....just imagine the THOUSANDS of different ways to build your own personal tier. That's THOUSANDS of SKUs because each different scenario is it's own special handling issue. This is usually broken down and made simpler and each distribution house has their own way of handling it but in this case there will be digital and physical rewards which makes it a double nightmare. I'm getting the impression this is like skylanders and diablo had a baby and poof lightseekers is born lol.. I'm loving everything Im reading and love the artwork style.. I'm excited to see where this all goes.. and now up to 150$ pledge level I go Hey Nicolas! Thanks for the feedback. We're definitely looking into add on options currently so we appreciate all ideas as to what could be included. Hey Ice_Striker We're trying to reach out to as many locations as we can but that does depend on our distributor. I think add-ons would be key to allow people to dabble in secondary options beyond what might be their primary choice. For example if someone likes the figures but also want to try the card game they should also to be select a starter deck (or more) as a reward. Simply having a starter deck at, arbitrarily, $20 as an add-on would allow them to do just that after selecting their initial reward from the list. I think there may be a fee to alter the rewards for the project creator, so I think the best option might be to have a listed catalog with products and prices in the description that detail what will be available to add in the backer kit once that's released. This way people can determine how much they want to contribute and what exactly they'll be able to get out of it once funding is over. They could of course add more money during the backer kit phase, but ideally the money should come in before that to help reach the funding goal and beyond. Options in the backer kit could be things like packs of cards, starter decks, figure starter sets, individual figures, individual weapons, individual flight packs, and maybe even some digital rewards as well. I understand that certain items in the higher tiers might be incentives to pledge at those levels, as they're somewhat exclusive, but I think the actual rewards up there make it worthwhile enough that making items like the weapons and flight packs available won't hinder them. Why are you not shipping to Asia? Singapore in particular? If they would add at least 1 structure deck to the $50, $60, $150 tiers it would smooth things out. It would be a good mix. And have the rest as Add Ons. I been debating if I want to stay at the $150.00 tier or switch to the $300.00 I really want those figures and the custom skins for the game. And Pets � I did see the higher tiers have the digital rewards, but $100 is a lot to get a pet and weapon skin. It is off putting to me and makes me hesitant to keep my pledge where it is. My first ever pledge! I'm really excited for the game hope it becomes huge! Good look guys! ^.^ @John Bower - We'll be sure to pass on your feedback re the add-on. :) @John +1 for the card addon, please add the starters pack as addon Could we get the cards as an add-on to the $50/$60 pledge? There is no mixed tier below $300. I started the night with the $50 early bird deal and ended up doing the $300 legendary pack. I'm so excited for this game and starting with the beta. Can't wait to see what you all have in store!!!! Is there a possibility of getting a mix of the 50 and the 99 for a combo of cards and the game without getting the legendary and or purchasing both though I might purchase both @David the $150 tier and up include the digital rewards. Looks awesome can't wait to see how you guys are going to integrate the physical merch with the game I'm pretty pumped I'll gladly give 20 bucks to help make it a real thing Im a bit confused and a little disappointed as to why the physical pioneer doesn't include some of the digital rewards from lower tiers like the pets or weapon skin. Is this an oversight they aren't listed or did I miss it somewhere? Thanks Chris! First time I've ever pledged anything but I love the concept and hope it makes it huge Thank you Andy! This is the first thing I have ever backed on kickstarter. I saw something amazing in Lightseekers and could feel the passion you all have for the project. I'm more than excited to be a part of helping this dream become a reality. Cheers and good luck! Thank you for the support Justin! Never pledged anything before but t I just did the early bird special. Can't wait for this. Good luck to playfusion. Awesome! Thank you Lucas! Just pledged! This is my first time ever! I'm so excited for the game! Hi Tyler! We've been covered on a number of sites recently! You can see some of the articles here: <url>"It's on Kickstarter" announcement, they would be more likely to post news about, "Release date announced" with a mention that it's now on Kickstarter. Just a thought to spread the word. Pledged for the $50 starter, Would love some add on options like the jet pack or extra weapons. Hey Lauren! We're definitely having a good think about what add on options we may be able to offer :) My vote goes to having 1 starter deck for the $50-$60 tiers. And to the $150.00 too. And having the rest of the starter decks and other cards as Add Ons. This would help out a lot as many people will want a combination of a figure with some cards. "If you're unsure of whether you'd like to get a package until you've seen more of it then you can always support another package and then change your pledge later on" Not when said other pledge only has 50 slots. Ah well. Thanks James! We've got some great ideas for future characters :) Looks really good so far. If future figures are great designs I wouldn't mind you guys over saturating your line up. I'll hoard as long as the quality is consistent and each character adds to the overall world and lore in meaningful ways. Awesome! Thank you for your support Geraldo! I am so excited for this game. You guys are my first pledge on Kickstarter. I never actually pledge before so I am excited.I pick the early bird. :) I can't wait . I believe you guys will be super successful. Hi Justin. We'll be continuing to update you with any progress we have towards the content in our reward packages. If you're unsure of whether you'd like to get a package until you've seen more of it then you can always support another package and then change your pledge later on. You only get charged at the end of the campaign and only if we've hit our funding target so you've nothing to lose in doing so. That's a shame. Not willing to put in $500 for something we can't even see and probably wont until the 50 slots run out. sweet im glad there will be other characters ^.^, so excited for this game Thanks Joshua! Excited that the Kickstarter has finally arrived. Been looking forward to it for a while. And I'll add my vote to those hoping for add-ons (digital content, cards, etc) down the road. Good luck! Thanks Kikizosan! Kicking for a dollar to receive updates. Good luck to all at PF! I'm not keen on both toys, that's unfortunate. I hope some of the digital content will be offered as addons at some point, mostly just interested in a copy of the art book. Hi Amanda! The packages only contain the rewards listed in them. If you're looking to get the digital content as well as the starter pack then we recommend the Battle Pack :) Hey does the Early Bird $50 tier still get the previous tier goodies like Digital Art Book, tier 3 pet, trading card packs, etc? Hey Justin! Not quite yet but hopefully we'll be able to share it in a future update :) Are you able to show us what the "card display box" will look like? Lewis said he can't wait to see Mari � Thanks for your support Aaron! I love this idea and can't wait to see more, just pledged the cardseeker pack, just wish that I could get the Digital content and Card content in a pack that wasn't at the $500 mark as thats a little steep. Was looking at the $150 package but can't see that it includes cards as well, looking forward to playing this with my son. Hey Chris! We don't currently have any plans for a play set with buildings but we're always listening to what new features the community would like to see later on! My 7 year old want to know if play set with be coming out so when his iPad is charging he can pretend play with figures in a playset building or environment Hey Chris! Can you send an email to <email>? We'd like to send your boys a picture of the mari (the little blue guy)! That's awesome Chris! It all sounds good in theory. Most people fail with these things. Still not 100% sure about this one. I'm along for the ride....for now. I have two boys 1 9 years old the other 7 years old and they are so excited my 7 year old has autism and I never seen him so excited he said "daddy I don't want skylander any more I want lightseeker I want the little blue guy he SOooo cool" Hey Stephen! Thank you for your support! Card distribution locations will largely be down to our distribution partner but we'll be looking to try and make them available to as many people/locations as we can. I backed at the $300 pledge, but as a game store owner I'm interested in the CCG. We already carry MTG and will be the hub for SW Destiny for our area. This would be a perfect addition to our offerings. Will the CCG be available via regular distribution outlets like Alliance or ACD? Hey Chris! Thew Battle pack includes digital beta access :) Thanks for your support SHadowbooth! Hey Michael! We don't have an exact cost just yet for individual characters and accessories at retail. Watch this space! Hey Mitchell! Each reward tier includes only the specified rewards in that tier. If you're looking for the additional digital rewards you will want to check out the Battle pack :) Do I get the beta test with my battle pack Super excited for this looks awesome. Backed at the $150 level. Also agree that an add on for the cards would be nice. Also thinking about upgrading to the $300 level For how much are booster packs and additional figures expected to retail? Just curious Hey! Will (1) Exclusive quest area and (2) Three exclusive in-game pets (tier 2, 3, and 4) be allocated to the Physical Early bird Tier also? Hi William! There will be other characters in the future! Question will there be other figures in the future? or will it always be Mari and Tyrax? yep, addon packs for the card starters and jet packs and weapons would be really nice actually. Thank you for your support David! We really appreciate it :D Just stumbled across this KS after reading an article on Engadget. Looks like a great idea and I backed for the $50 Early bird. Best of luck. I also would like to have some add-on options for the second figure and cards packs. Thank you for your support Andy! Thanks Paul, I pledged for the early bird! I was just wondering if there was a way to add on the starter for the cards as well to it! Hope you guys get funded! Hi Andy! I believe Kickstarter only allows you to select one pack. You can however change your mind later however. I'd recommend going for the Early bird pack (As it's limited) as we are listening to our communities suggestions for add on content :) Hello there! If i get the $50 physical pack and then add another $15 can i get the physical pack and the trader pack at the same time so I can get the cards as well as the figure? Hi Jackie! The physical pioneer doesn't include the pets. If you want those as well as the starter pack content you will want to look at the 'Battle pack'. You'll be playing as those characters so they will be gender locked. Hope that helps! :) Hi! I was wondering two things. 1. Does the Physical Pioneer Pack include the three tiers of pets? It isn't stated on the posting. 2. With the physical characters are they gender locked or can you choose to be a male/ female of that figure's race once in the game? Hey Nicolas! Good idea! We'll definitely consider what further add ons we can add :) Hey Tyler Woodhouse! That's a great suggestion and one we'll definitely consider :) Hi there, you mentioned on the live stream that there will be versions of the figures that come separately from the starter packs without their core and thus at a much lower price. Would it be possible to offer those as an add-on here as well? And if not here perhaps in the eventual backer kit? Thanks for your time and good luck to the PlayFusion team! Looking forward to participating in the Kickstarter. You've combined all the things I love (video games, toys, card games, collectibles,etc.) into one awesome package. I hope it takes off and goes big! I noticed you added a Cardseekers pledge. I wonder if that would be better handled as an add-on so those of us with another pledge can add it. Can't wait for this game but it would be nice to have an option for one physical character and the card decks instead of both physical characters at a lower price. That's what I initially wanted to back up. Thanks Carl! Wow, looking really great! I hope this project will be a great success :)