[UPDATE] TO ALL CURRENT AND POTENTIAL BACKERS PLEASE READ: We had a terrible mishap with our shipping estimates and must request that domestic backers add $5 to their pledge amount to account for shipping. A number of backers requested that they receive a discount off of shipping rather than receiving the "free" t-shirt, so we have arranged for an alternative. If you would like to receive the "free" t-shirt (I apologize about this because I guess at this point it is no longer free) please add $5 to your order for a total of $40. If you would like to opt out of receiving the t-shirt, please add $2 to your order for a total of $37. This was a horrible rookie mistake on our part and we beg for your understanding and forgiveness. Backers Located Outside of the US - please see the chart contained in the link below for information regarding the cost of shipping abroad. Shipping Costs Chart Our first mistake was putting a $35 MSRP on this book rather than a higher amount ($50 or $60). We do not have the ability to change this as per our contract with Tezuka Productions. Once we realized that we could not afford to pay for all domestic shipping, we had to make a choice. Our options as we saw it were to either (1) make a lesser quality book, (2) restart the Kickstarter campaign to account for shipping expenses, or (3) ask that backers add money for shipping. For this first book, we did NOT want to compromise the quality, as our vision was to literally publish one of the highest quality manga ever released in English. Also, we have put way too many hours into this Kickstarter campaign and received too much support from the online community of Osamu Tezuka fans to start it all over again. Please read updates #2, #3 and #4 for more details. Feel free to send us a message or email me personally at <email> with ANY questions or concerns. I will respond as soon as possible. Thanks for your amazing support! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- We would like to bring the joy of owning one of Osamu Tezuka’s most charming and powerful collections of short stories to American Tezuka aficionados. Of the numerous short story collections created by the late and great “Godfather of Japanese Comics,” “The Crater” stands out as the perfect blend of mystery, suspense, horror, fantasy and comedy. This is the first time that one of Tezuka-sensei’s short story collections will be published in English. “The Crater” first appeared in Japan’s “Weekly Shonen Champion” and ran from August 10, 1969 to April 1, 1970. It has since been reprinted in Japanese on numerous occasions, but this is the first time that “The Crater” will be published in English. Kansai Club will be publishing a SINGLE EDITION of this amazing book which will include all 17 short stories from the original publication. We are ONLY printing 2,000 copies of this book and each book will be individually numbered out of 2,000. Any books not sold on Kickstarter will be sold at our booth at the upcoming Florida Supercon in Miami, Florida from July 4-7th. If there are any books still available after the convention, we will be shipping the remainder to select comic book and specialty book stores throughout the country (where they will likely charge more than $35 a book). The books will be printed in a large high quality Hardcover format (7 x 10 inches) and will come with 3 different 7 in x 10 in art prints inspired by content from “The Crater" (see pictures below). I am incredibly PROUD to announce that the books will also include a foreword by the award winning historian and author, Frederik Schodt, as well as an introduction by renowned historian and manga academic, Dr. Ada Palmer.To learn more about Frederik Schodt and his newest book, "Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe: How an American Acrobat Introduced Circus to Japan - and Japan to the West," check out his website at <url>"Sundown: Whispers of Ragnorak - Norse Myth Song Cycle." Sassafrass is an a cappella group, specializing in sci-fi, fantasy and mythology-themed songs, and complex polyphony. Sounds interesting right? Everyone should check out their Kickstarter campaign at <url>"Kansai Club." You will receive access to an invite only message board on our website where we will be holding regular contests with prizes and you can communicate directly with Andrew and Yuka. Members of the "Kansai Club" will also receive our quarterly newsletter and be privy to promotional offers, discounts and be the first to hear about our future projects. We will also be randomly including a T-shirt inspired by content from The Crater for every 50 books sold through Kickstarter. If we reach our extended goal of selling 1,000 books through this campaign, then EVERY person who pledged $35 or more will receive a FREE t-shirt with their order. If your pledge amount already included a t-shirt then we will send you 2! If we reach our super-duper-God-bless-the-internet goal of selling 1,500 copies of our book through Kickstarter, then we promise that the Kickstarter campaign for our next book will include 2 different books! This project of ours is all or nothing. It took us over 6 months to convince Tezuka Productions to allow us to print The Crater. As an upstart publishing company with no street cred, we were required to pay the royalties for each of the 2,000 copies of the book in advance. It took us another few months to come up with this money. Almost $25,000 and well over 1,000 hours of sweat equity later, the project is just about reaching the end. This book will be published regardless of Kickstarter; too much time and money have already been invested into this project. At the same time, as a brand new publishing company, we NEED Kickstarter and the support of Osamu Tezuka fans in order to make our first project successful. If we are forced to sell this book through Amazon we may actually lose money on each book sold. Everyone needs to start somewhere and this is where it begins for us. EVERY penny made through the sales of this book and ALL related goods will go right back into our next project. If this Kickstarter campaign fails, then we will likely become defunct, never to see our dreams realized. However, if we succeed, then our future holds no boundaries. We have faith in you, so please have faith in us. If you have any questions or concerns, you can post them on this Kickstarter page and our website, or feel free to email me personally at <email>. Information to Take Into Consideration: This book is not intended for young children. There are a few short stories that are appropriate for children under the age of 13, but the majority of them are not. Some of the stories include brief nudity, graphic scenes of violence, and content that children may have trouble understanding. However, all of this is done very tastefully. The short stories in The Crater bring to mind episodes of the original Twilight Zone series. Most are thought provoking, some contain political/social messages, and others are downright creepy. All of the stories contain Osamu Tezuka’s signature sense of humor. This book reads from right to left. Why did we do this? Because we prefer to read manga this way (and we also realize that many people would be angry with us if we printed left to right). EVERYTHING offered in the reward categories are EXCLUSIVE to this Kickstarter campaign. Once the campaign ends, these items will no longer be available for sale anywhere. Art Print #1 Art Print #2 Art Print #3 T-Shirt The images on this t-shirt have not yet been approved by Tezuka Productions and are subject to change. Sticker The images on this sticker have not yet been approved by Tezuka Productions and are subject to change. Hello Everyone, As some of you already know, the books are not yet ready to ship. We ran into a number of issues with the first batch that we received from the casebinder and needed to make various adjustments to the cover of the book and layout of a number of pages. The cover image is still the same and nothing was changed with the contents of the book, however, we felt that these adjustments were necessary in order to deliver the high quality book that we promised to all of our backers. I wish that there was a way for us to provide everyone with additional compensation for the many delays that we have faced thus far in the book’s creation, however, there is little that we can do. We have already spent well over $30k and will spend another $40k plus on packaging, shipping and handling to send the books out to our Kickstarter backers only. All that we can do at this point is to make sure that our books come out perfectly and meet all of your expectations. I cannot stress enough to everyone that we are making no money on this project. As everyone knows, this book was the first book that we have published and every step that we took to get to this point has been taken without guidance from industry experts. Sure, we started with extensive plans and deadlines for this book that we strongly felt could be met. However, our lack of knowledge and inexperience of the publishing industry has caused heavy delays throughout. Everyone who has worked on this book’s creation did so out of love for classic manga and without compensation. All help that we received came from people who work full-time jobs who took a few hours out of their weeks here and there to help bring this book to fruition. I will be posting another update this week with the new dates for when the books will be shipped once we receive the updated schedule from our printer. I implore everyone to please stop contacting Tezuka Productions with angry complaints, sending me threatening emails and calling my house/cell phone. Tezuka Productions is just as angry with us as all of you are. I understand that your trust in us has been waning for some time and I simply cannot stress enough how sorry I am for not being able to provide everyone with a copy of the book on time. Please be just a little more patient. This will likely be out first and last project. I hope that we have not discouraged others from trying their hands at legally printing classic manga themselves. If anyone believes that they can do a better job with future projects (as I’m sure many of you can) please feel free to reach out to me with any questions once this project has finished and I will be happy to help in any way I can. At least others who follow in our steps will not need to make the same mistakes that we made. Thank you again for your continual support, understanding and patience. Best regards, Andrew Hi Everyone, I'm sorry for the lack of an update since the last one was posted. I will be posting another one by Wednesday (January 15) with a list of the exact dates that everyone will be receiving the books and all other goods in the mail. We ran into a number of setbacks along the way that prevented the books from being printed sooner. Regarding the Kickstarter project and lack of communication with emails, it has proven to be too much work for a single person to do taking into account the time and preparation required to make sure that the book was completed. Everything that was promised throughout this campaign WILL be fulfilled, albeit a few months late. We have asked for your patience multiple times and will continue to ask just a little bit longer. This is not a project that we will make money on. The time and effort that has been spent bringing this book to fruition has been provided out of a passion for Osamu Tezuka and classic manga. I understand that the majority of your concerns are with the lack of communication on our part. For this, I am truly sorry. The amount of work that has been required to complete this project and to keep up with the concerns and needs of backers while still working a full time job has been overwhelming. Well, the book is finished and the goods have been created. Please look forward to our next update with specific information on when you will be receiving the book. Those of you who have not yet filled out your survey, please do so as soon as possible so that we may get the ball rolling. Thanks again everyone for your patience and support. Best regards, Andrew Hello Everyone, Thank you for your patience. We are still working our butts off to get this book to you as soon as possible. While our efforts have been met with minor set-backs (mostly with formatting issues), we are still on course to have the book ready in its final form by the end of the month. We are hoping that the books and all related goods will be mailed out to everyone at some point in the beginning of November. However, please bear in mind that this is only our best estimate. As you are all aware, this is our first time publishing a book. Tasks that we previously thought were going to be simple and not time consuming have proven to take longer than we anticipated. Our goal is still to bring you the highest quality book possible. We know that all backers who purchased a copy of this book will be more than happy with the finished product. We are still backlogged responding to emails. Please continue to be patient and we will get around to responding to everyone. We have sent out a survey to all backers requesting information. Please answer the survey questions when you get a chance so that we can begin processing logistics for your orders. A new update will be put up as soon as The Crater makes it to the printer. Thanks for your continual support and understanding! Best regards, Andrew Hi Everyone! Thanks for your patience since our last update. We ended up being about three weeks behind schedule and will be sending our finalized digital copy of The Crater to Tezuka Productions for approval on Monday, September 2nd. The digital copy is currently complete and in the very capable hands of our experienced Copy Editor. As mentioned previously, we are not quite sure how long it will take Tezuka Productions to approve our copy of The Crater. As soon as we get the okay, we will need about 5 weeks for all copies of the book to be printed, shipped to our distributor (Rightstuf), and sent out to everyone. We will be sure to let everyone know as soon as the book is approved and we begin the printing process. Similarly, once Tezuka Productions approves our copy of the book, we will include images of the front, back and spine of the book in our subsequent update. Because Kickstarter only allows us to send ONE survey per reward tier and suggests that the survey only be sent out once the goods are ready to ship, we will be sending out surveys to all reward tiers in the next two weeks, prior to Tezuka Productions approving our finalized copy of The Crater. We have also fallen a bit behind responding to emails from backers. If you sent us an email or message through Kickstarter and we have yet to respond, please don't think that we forgot about you. EVERY email sent to any of our associated email addresses or through Kickstarter will receive a response. Please, just wait a few more days and we should be all caught up. Thanks again everyone for all of your patience. We are just as excited as you to see this book finally ready for publication! Thank you everyone for your amazing support! Best, Andrew Hello Everyone!! Well, we have one week left in this Kickstarter campaign and despite our mistakes and various fall-backs, this campaign can only be considered a huge success. Thank you everyone for your support and understanding regarding our shipping fiasco. For our next project, we will find a way to ship our books around the world for much less. We now have the international shipping numbers. We apologize for the delay in getting you these costs, but we wanted to be 100% sure of these numbers before providing them to you. Please consult the chart located in the link below to see the additional funds that you must add to your pledge amount to receive this book. These costs are NOT on top of the $18 that was already added for shipping, rather these costs reflect the TOTAL amount that must be added on top of $35 per book for shipping. Please Consult This Table Shipping outside of the US is significantly higher than we originally anticipated. If the book were under 4 lbs we would be able to ship it via First Class International Mail for much less, however, these books are well OVER 4 lbs each. As a means of saving money on shipping, we have provided the cost of shipping multiple books. For the purpose of calculating shipping costs, if you have pledged towards The Gravy Train reward, then the cost of shipping will be the SAME as if you had only ordered one book. Whether or not you receive a “free” t-shirt has no effect on the actual cost of shipping, however, if you would like to opt out of receiving the "free" t-shirt, you can deduct $3 from the total cost of shipping. We appreciate your understanding about these shipping expenses. As much as we would like to provide these books to our friends abroad for $18 each, this is just not possible. We regret having to do this, but the cost of shipping outside of the US is so expensive that if we were required to pay the difference between the original $18 amount and the actual cost of shipping we would NOT be able to publish this book at all. For those who will be cancelling their orders due to this announcement, we completely understand your position and thank you for your support up to this point. Our next campaign WILL provide a more reasonable means for non-US backers to own copies of the manga that we publish. Feel free to direct any questions or concerns to my personal email address at <email> and I will respond as soon as possible. Best, Andrew Hello again everyone! Thank you for all of your questions, comments and concerns. Even negative comments are greatly appreciated as we would like to ensure that mistakes such as this one will never occur again in the future. Again, we would like to apologize to everyone for changing the cost of shipping in the middle of this Kickstarter campaign. We made a major rookie mistake by not properly accounting for all shipping costs from the onset, and as rookies, we accept all of the consequences. Even if this means losing a major portion of current and potential backers. As a result, we will be providing all backers with the option to opt out of receiving the t-shirt with their order for a discount off of shipping. Please see below for further details. Can I Opt Out of Receiving a T-shirt for a discount off of Shipping? Yes. We realize now that providing the incentive of free t-shirts and then charging the cost of shipping was a terrible idea. Everyone who purchased a book will now have the option to opt out of receiving a t-shirt with their order. As the shirts will be costing us $3 each, opting out of the t-shirt will give each backer a $3 discount off of the extra cost of shipping. This means that if you are a domestic backer (with a U.S. address) and you would like to opt-out of receiving the t-shirt, then the total amount that you should pledge is $37. If you WOULD like to receive the t-shirt, then your total amount pledged should be $40. You can simply change the amount pledged, and we will include a t-shirt if your pledge amount is $40 and we will not include a t-shirt if your pledge amount is $37. If you are an international buyer and would like to opt out of receiving the t-shirt, you can also subtract $3 off of the extra cost of shipping. We will be providing a list of shipping costs to regions/countries in another update later this week. NOTE : Whether backers from the UK choose to receive a t-shirt or opt out will have no effect on the cost of import duties to the UK. There will be no custom duties owed for these items as the value of all reward categories (with the exception of the biggest one) are valued at under £135. Similarly, the cost of VAT duties for the t-shirt itself will be under £0.40. Why Not Lower the Quality of the Hardcover as a Means of Saving Money? While there is a real possibility that we will create paperbacks or lessor quality hard cover editions for future projects, we would like for this book to be remain as high-quality as possible. We feel so strongly about this, that we were willing to potentially lose a lot of our backers in order to keep The Crater’s quality top-notch. We realize that many backers would rather pay less money for a lessor quality edition, however, that is not what we are offering with this project. It has been our dream with this first book to create an edition that properly gives one of Osamu Tezuka’s most interesting works the respect that it deserves. If it was our intention to make a lot of money on this project we would be providing this exact book with an MSRP of $50 or $60. Essentially, $35 plus the cost of shipping is the rate that this book, under normal circumstances, would be sold to distributors for. Even the comic book and specialty book stores around the country that we are selling copies of this book to are paying $35 plus shipping per book. I’m an International Buyer, Why Do You Hate Me So Much? Believe us, we WISH that we had the ability to ship these books internationally for $18 a book. It boggles our minds that in many circumstances it is cheaper to ship goods TO the United States then FROM the United States. We fully appreciate the apprehension and concern of international backers. However, the cost of shipping internationally is entirely out of our control. $53 is a significant amount of money to spend on a book, but taking into account the quality of the book and the included extras, it seemed like a reasonable cost. $70 ( an unsubstantiated estimate ) on the other hand, is a LOT of money to spend on a book. Even if the book’s second-hand value goes over $70 in the future, it is still difficult to justify spending $70 from the onset. Sadly, we have no other option than to charge international buyers with the actual cost of shipping. If it’s any consolation, the prices that we will provide for international shipping in our next update will include ONLY the cost of actual shipping. We will still be paying for packaging and labor costs out of our own pocket. Will Changing the Pledge Amount Affect My Place in Line for the Animation Cel? Changing your pledge amount will NOT affect your place in line to receive one of the Ambassador Magma animation cels. However, cancelling your pledge and the re-pledging WILL lose your place in line. An updated list has been added to the FAQ to reflect the current backers (as of 06/02) that will be receiving one of the animation cels with their orders. The list will probably change, as there will likely be backers among the first 500 who cancel their pledges before the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Can I Opt Out of Receiving the Art Prints and Animation Cel? All backers on the list to receive one of the Ambassador Magma animation cels are welcome to opt out of receiving them. However, opting out of receiving the animation cel will have no effect on the extra cost of shipping . This applies to backers from all countries. The animation cels weigh nothing and will be valued at $0 as they are legitimately being included free of charge. No one has the ability to opt out of receiving the 3 art prints that come with the book . These art prints come with all 2,000 copies of the book, regardless of whether they are sold through Kickstarter. What is the Process for Adding Money to My Pledge Amount? As project creators, we have ZERO access to the accounts of backers and do NOT have the ability to manually change the amount that a backer has pledged. All backers must manually change the total amount pledged themselves. Choose "Manage Your Pledge", keep the tier level you have selected and input the extra amount manually (thank you Nakano). We will send out reminder notices to those backers that do not update their pledge amount prior to the end of this Kickstarter campaign. In the event that you have still not changed your pledge amount at the end of this campaign, we will give you the option to pay the additional fees after the campaign has closed. If the additional shipping fees are still not paid prior to us physically mailing the books, we will refund the total amount paid to respective backers. Under NO circumstances will backers be charged for books and other goods that they do not receive. Will the Added Shipping Costs Mean More Secure Shipping Methods? Yes. Part of the reason why we have been forced to charge more for shipping is that we have decided to use the services of a long-time and well-respected distributor (Rightstuf) to assist us with organizing, packaging, and mailing all of the goods in this campaign. This will end up costing us more than if we did it ourselves, but as a means of ensuring that all of the books and accompaniments arrive at their destinations without issue and in excellent shape, we felt that this was necessary. Similarly, all books will be mailed in boxes with added protection, NOT in cheap padded envelopes. As a fellow collector, I HATE when a book arrives in the mail with bent edges, especially when the book is a limited edition/collector’s item where the condition of the book directly correlates to the book's resale value. Another update will be put up later this week with exact shipping costs per region for international buyers. These shipping costs will represent the amount that we must pay to ship to your region/country. Please send me a message, comment or email regarding any information that I might have missed in this update and I will add it to our next update. I will also be responding to all comments, messages and emails that you have sent to me since the last update shortly. Thanks again everyone for your understanding and continual support! Best, Andrew Hello again everyone! We have almost reached our extended goal of selling 1,000 books! Once we reach this goal, EVERYONE who has purchased a book through Kickstarter will be receiving a free t-shirt with their orders. If you are going to Florida Supercon in Miami (July 4-7th), you can stop by our booth to pick up your free t-shirt before everyone else. For those of you that will be unable to come to Florida Supercon, don’t worry too much, as ALL Kickstarter backers will be receiving the physical book at the same time (international buyers may receive the book a few days later). In this update, we have a few important announcements to make, so please read all of the following information carefully. Updated Release Date for The Crater First of all, The Crater will NOT be ready to be released on July 5th. Thanks to the tremendous reception we have received from the online community of Osamu Tezuka fans and soon-to-be Osamu Tezuka fans, we have decided to delay the release of the book by another month so that we have more time to ensure that all aspects of the book come out PERFECT. As of now, the book should be ready for release sometime in August. Because we don't know exactly how long it will take Tezuka Productions to approve our final version of The Crater, we don't have an exact date yet. We will be sure to let all backers know as soon as we do :) New BONUSES for Backers Another reason why we are changing the release date of the book should please everyone who purchased a copy. We have received the rights, at no additional cost to backers, to include an EXTRA short story from Osamu Tezuka in our edition of The Crater . Our edition of The Crater will now include 18 short stories. Before everyone gets angry with us for including an additional story that did not appear in the original serialization of The Crater, just hear us out. In 1974, Kodansha released a version of The Crater (under the supervision of Osamu Tezuka) that included 18 short stories – the 17 short stories from the original printing of The Crater, plus an additional short story, which had appeared as a one shot in the weekly magazine, Chuuichi Jidai, in 1974. This extra story, titled “Jamubo” (Jumbo), fits perfectly with the rest of the Twilight Zone-esque stories from The Crater. In similar fashion to The Crater’s short story “Sōtōhebi” (The Twin-Headed Snake), Jamubo is a perfect example of how Osamu Tezuka often used what is today considered “offensive imagery” to convey a strong anti-racist and anti-discrimination theme. This recurring theme of Tezuka’s is discussed in detail in Frederik Schodt’s Foreword. Had we not included Jamubo in our version of The Crater, it is very possible that this lone story would never appear in English. We will try to add short stories such as this one to subsequent Tezuka projects that we release as well. We hope that all of our backers enjoy this bonus. Thank YOU for making this possible :) We have also upgraded the quality of the hard cover on the book. Originally, we had planned to use a Kivar 7 fabric sewn onto the hard cover. While Kivar 7 is made from very good quality material, we wanted to blow everyone away with the quality of our book. We have since changed the fabric to Skivertex. Most backers will have no idea what this means, but trust us, Skivertex is very high quality and looks pretty awesome. See below for a picture of a Skivertex cover from a special edition of Superman’s “Absolute Kingdom Come” published by DC Comics. This book is currently being sold by Amazon for $89.99. Our edition of The Crater will now end up weighing at least 4 pounds. With the additional chapter, it will be over 550 pages long. Update for Shipping Costs (IMPORTANT) We have received a number of emails and messages from international backers requesting exact shipping costs for specific countries. We hate to do this to our (many) international buyers, but we will need to increase the amount that international backers must pay in order to ship the books to their countries. We are waiting to hear back from USPS regarding our quotes for international shipping costs per region. While our Canadian backers will NOT be receiving an increase in shipping costs (will still pay $18 per book), all other international buyers likely will. PLEASE bear in mind that we are NOT increasing the shipping costs as a means to make more profit. We simply do not have a choice. Our profit margin on this book is already very thin and if we are required to pay half the cost of shipping internationally ourselves we will lose thousands of dollars. We will be providing another Update later this week with the exact shipping costs per region. Similarly, we will need to charge a $5 shipping free per book that is shipped domestically (in the United States). Domestic shipping for this book will end up costing us more than $5 each as we are unable to ship these books via Media Mail (assuming that each book comes with the free t-shirt). If you have ordered multiple books, please send me a message through Kickstarter or an email for the exact shipping cost. Domestic backers who pledged for THE GRAVY TRAIN will also only be charged $5 for shipping. Domestic backers who purchased the sweater package must provide an additional $10 for shipping. Domestic backers who pledged for the shot glass/beer mug set will need to provide an additional $15 for shipping. We sincerely apologize for having to change the cost of shipping. I realize that we will likely lose a number of backers because of this price change, but we really don't have any other choice. As always, feel free to email me personally at <email> with any questions or concerns. Thank you everyone for your understanding and continual support! Best, Andrew Hello Everyone! We can't believe the amazing response our Kickstarter project has received in just the first 5 days! Part of the reason why we kept our goal so low was because it was difficult for us to gauge how many people would be interested in this book. We have no past book sales to work with, we haven’t hired any PR or marketing people, we are not going through traditional sales channels, and at this point, we are mostly working with word of mouth. There are obviously a lot of English speaking Osamu Tezuka fans around the world, but to think that so many have already found out about this project! Kickstarter Goals Revisited Less than a week into the campaign, and we are only 328 books away from reaching our Extended Goal of selling 1,000 books (at which point EVERY person who bought a book through our Kickstarter campaign gets a FREE T-shirt). If we reach our SUPER Extended Goal of selling 1,500 books through this campaign, we promise that our next Kickstarter campaign will offer at least TWO books. While we plan on pursuing other authors in the very near future, the books offered in our next campaign will likely both be from Osamu Tezuka. If we reach our Welcome to the Future of Manga Goal of selling 1,800 copies or more of The Crater through this campaign, then we will DO OUR BEST to convince Tezuka Productions to allow us to include the name of EVERY person who bought a book through our Kickstarter campaign on a Thank You page at the end of the book. Also, if we reach this goal, we will be able to start on our next Kickstarter campaign much faster - considering that we won't need to worry about selling the remaining books. We Still Need Your Help! There is no way that we can adequately put into words how appreciative we are of everyone's support. Thanks to all of YOU, English speakers will now be able to read one of the lesser known masterpieces of Osamu Tezuka's collection. As we are mostly relying on word of mouth, we still need everyone's help to spread the word about our campaign so that we can sell all of the books as soon as possible. The faster we sell these books, the faster we can move on to Kickstarter campaign #2. Good News and Bad News As many of you may have read on Twitter, in various forums/message boards, or have heard from me personally, we had originally planned on offering the first 350 people who bought a book through this campaign a FREE animation cel (and penciled drawing) from the anime "Ambassador Magma," based on Osamu Tezuka's manga of the same name. Kickstarter would not let us put this information on our Kickstarter page as we are not allowed to " resell items or offer rewards not produced by the project or its creator." Well, after speaking with Kickstarter representatives on and off for the past week, the answer is... more or less the same. Let's start with the bad news... we will NOT be offering an Ambassador Magma animation cel to the first 350 people who bought a book through this campaign. The good news... we WILL be offering an Ambassador Magma animation cel to the first 500 people who bought a book through this campaign!! Think of this as a Late Early Bird Special . It's the least we could do for all of you amazing people who support us! We will be posting another update in the next few days with more information on The Crater, how our company got started, obstacles that we have faced (and continue to face) forcing our way into the publishing industry, and the scope of our relationship with Tezuka Productions. If anyone has any specific questions or concerns feel free to ask and I will respond as soon as I can. Thanks again everyone! Best regards, Andrew Hi Everyone! It's been a while since our last update. Just finishing up some very last minute editing and will have the book sent to Tezuka Pro in the next few days. The next update will come by the end of this week! Regarding Marin's question, Canadian backers do not need to add additional funds. Thanks for your patience everyone! Hey Everyone! The next update will be coming up very shortly. I hope to get it up today. It will include the finalized list of the first 500 backers who will be receiving the animation cel as well as the timeline for when everyone should be receiving the book. We will probably ask for addresses sometime next week. I hope this information helps for now! Thanks everyone! Hey Russell, Thanks for letting us know. I'll shoot Kickstarter customer support a message. Hopefully they will get back to me in a reasonable amount of time. You'd think that they would have some sort of phone support, eh? Hey Everyone! We are about to put up another quick update. Expect a second and third update later in the week going over the timeline for when we plan on having everything completed with the book. @Daniel: The books will NOT be ready for Florida Supercon. We mentioned this in an earlier update as well as on the Florida Supercon website. However, we are still going to attend, so if you happen to be going, stop by our booth to say hi :) @ΛΔ and Russell: Yes, you will still be able to add the additional funds to cover the cost of shipping, albeit, not through Kickstarter. We will be including the information in another update later this week and you will have the ability to add the funds through either Amazon Payments or PayPal. Thank you everyone, YOU ARE AMAZING!!! Hi Russell! That is a GREAT suggestion and it will likely affect a number of countries. I don't know why we didn't think of this earlier. We will need to speak with our distributor before saying anything definitive, but we will look into marking all books shipped abroad as gifts so that some of you will be able to get a tax break. Thanks for the suggestion!!! Hi Daniel! At this point, the book is about 3/4 done. We are still waiting an the finalized translations of a few of the chapters, some of the chapters have yet to be edited, and everything still needs to go through the Copy Editor and proofreaders. We will be providing an update in the next few days with a complete timeline of what still needs to be completed, when we plan on having a physical proof of the book ready, and when the books will be ready to be mailed out to everyone. Our final digital copy of the book should be ready by July 15th. Hopefully this information helps! Thanks for your support!!! Hi Everyone! We have asked our distributor about the possibility and any potential legal implications of us declaring the package value under £15 (for those located outside of the US). We are still waiting to hear back about this, but at this point I don't see why we wouldn't be able to. We'll let everyone know as soon as we do. Thanks again! Hi Nicholas! We just received the numbers last night. The shipping update will be up TODAY. Thanks!!! Hi Everyone, Sorry for the delay regarding international shipping costs. I have not yet received this information, but hopefully I will be able to post it on Monday. I will be sure to include the cost of purchasing multiple books as there should be a heavy discount on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th books and so on. Please give it a few more days before cancelling your pledge. I will include this information in another update so that everyone will receive an email regarding this matter. Thanks for your understanding and patience! Hi CJ, The "free" t-shirt will be similar to the one shown in the picture on the main page. The Kickstarter logo as well as our logo might be in a different position but the image on the front will be the same. We are using Hanes tagless shirts for the "free" shirts so the quality of the shirts are going to be pretty decent. We will try to provide a collection of colors and possibly multiple designs for backers to choose from for The Gravy Train T-shirt, so that this shirt will be different from the "free" one. It will also be made of a softer cotton material than the free T-shirt. Sorry, but we do not currently have these designs ready. Once the campaign ends we will send out a survey to all backers who purchased one of The Gravy Train t-shirts with the different colors and designs to choose from. I hope this information helps! I will also be including it in the next update. Thanks for the question! Hi ΛΔ! Good question. I'll need to consult our printer about this, but I don't see why we wouldn't be able to use "ΛΔ." The case of the book will be sewn and bound in a Skivertex fabric. Our intention is for the cover to have a classic leather look to it. I hope this helps. Thanks for your support!!! Hi Bo! No need to worry about using your real name or an alias through Kickstarter. Once the campaign ends, assuming that Tezuka Productions doesn't have a problem with us including everyone's name in the book, we will send out emails to everyone requesting what name they would like to include in the book (one name per person, you will be able to use whatever name you choose). Thanks for your support! Hi AMy! Thanks for the suggestion. You are absolutely right. I have just changed the information on the front page to be more clear. Hopefully all new backers will read it first. Thanks for the help! Hi Ricardo! That really is a great find! I wish I would have seen that a few weeks ago. We will definitely find some new method to deal with international shipments for our next campaign. Thanks for the information! Hi Koyore! Backers must add an additional $5 for shipping if they would like the t-shirt. The $37 price is for domestic buyers who choose to not receive the t-shirt. Assuming that we reach our extended goal of selling 1,000 books here, so that all backers have the option of receiving a t-shirt, then you will receive 2 t-shirts plus the vinyl sticker for your $57 pledge ($52 pledge plus $5 shipping). I apologize for this, but you are welcome to change your pledge to only the book :) Hello Everyone! I am working on another update now that will address all of your questions and concerns. There will still be another update later this week with exact prices for international shipping. The last update caused a bit of a commotion, but that was to be expected :) We really appreciate everyone's understanding with this. Our need to change the cost of shipping was a major rookie mistake and will undoubtedly put off many backers and potential backers. As a result, we will be providing an option for backers to opt out of receiving the t-shirt for a discount off of the cost of shipping. Expect the next update shortly, and thanks again for you continual support! Best, Andrew Hi Moral Wiz! I'm very pleased to hear that The Crater will be your first manga! You picked a great place to start. Unlike Osamu Tezuka's more popular works that were primarily geared towards children, The Crater was written during a stretch in Tezuka's career when he was experimenting with new concepts and formats and was written mainly for adult audiences. I look forward to hearing what you thought of this book after you read it. Thanks for your support! Hi Shodan! I think that one way or another a new Devilman re-release is inevitable. Not sure if Verotik still owns the rights for the US release though. Either way, Devilman is definitely another great title that we are interested in. Thanks for the suggestion! We are one step closer to reaching our extended goal! Thanks for the tremendous support everyone! Expect Update #2 by tomorrow (Friday, May 31). We have some new information regarding the book that EVERYONE will want to hear :) Hi Martin! We've been trying our best to get some of the bigger comic/manga/anime websites to post articles about this project, but only a handful of them have done so. If you have any ideas for more websites or blogs we'd be happy to hear them :) Thanks for your support! Hi Ricardo! Thanks for your support! Those really are great suggestions and EXACTLY the type of manga that we would like to publish. Osamu Tezuka is just the tip of the iceberg. But we needed a place to start that we felt confident enough would sell books and create a fan base for our company. In order to be able to publish authors like Ikki Kajiwara and George Akiyama, who are not nearly as widely known as Osamu Tezuka, we FIRST need to establish ourselves. Expect future releases by these mangaka and many other lesser known geniuses. Thanks again! Hi Nicholas! Anime Sols is doing some very cool stuff. We wish them the best of luck and hope for their success! You are welcome to post any comments that you feel might benefit the Osamu Tezuka fan community (in my earlier comment, I suggested that Ian buy/read Vertical's recent Adolf releases). Thanks for the suggestion Nicholas! Hi Everyone! I have received a lot of messages regarding whether you are one of the first 500 people who purchased a book, specs of the book itself, international shipping fees, bulk orders, requests for specific numbered books, etc. I am currently working on an FAQ that should be ready in the next day or two. The FAQ will include a list of the first 500 people who purchased a book as well as answers to all of the above questions and concerns. Thanks again everyone!!! Hi Mark! Thanks for the suggestion! I think that's a great idea. If anyone has any specific questions, I will be happy to answer. I'll try to come up with a good write up of how we got started, obstacles that we faced along the way, and our current relationship with Tezuka Productions. As you can imagine, Yuka and I are pretty swamped right now, but I will try to get this information out to everyone by the end of this weekend. As for the first update...I'm working on that right now :) Hi David! A while back we gave Tezuka Productions a short list of Osamu Tezuka books that we would like to publish and I.L. was towards the TOP of that list. If we're able to sell all 2,000 copies of The Crater through this campaign there is a very good chance that you will be seeing an English release of I.L. soon! (Maybe as part of an extended goal for our next campaign...?). Thanks for your support and the comment! Hi Ian! Thanks for your question. We don't have an exact page count yet as we are still waiting on the supplementary materials (Foreword, Introduction, etc.), but you should expect the total length of the book to be somewhere between 520-550 pages. There are some GREAT mature Tezuka books from Vertical and Digital Manga out there. If you haven't read it yet, I highly suggest Adolf, which has recently been reprinted in a 2-volume set by Vertical Inc. Hi Nakano! Tezuka Productions does not require that books be published in hard cover format. In fact, the majority of Osamu Tezuka books in my own personal collection are paperbacks. The reason that we chose to publish a hard cover edition of The Crater is because we believe that it makes for a more appropriate collector's item. As we publish more books, we will likely publish some paperbacks so that the cost is less for consumers. Thanks for your question! Hi Colton! Currently, the best forum to make suggestions is either on this Kickstarter page or on the Community page on our website <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Andrew screwed us and that's the end of it. You are right Kickstarter isn't giving us anything back. Looks like he had a good wedding. Probably with the money from this Kickscammer. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount This whole copy paste of invoke my rights thing is gonna work because ? Amazon and KS have long since spend the money they don't give a fuck about you !!! what i learned from this is not support KS from companies that aren't even real. And since all Kickstarters i have supported so far are all anime/manga related i haven't come across any other thief since you usually would need an actual company for something like this. I coudn't give a fuck about some dude wanting to make a game or publish his own book or some other stupid idea only reason i even have a KS acount is for Anime/Manga. Like i mentioned before let's face it : Nevo lost the rights for the title to DMP and his fake company was offically suspended years ago. anything he would send at this point would just be some chinese bootleg at this point or illegal scanlation. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Alexander Shen in that case they might as well be pirated files not only does this company no longer exsist but the English right's for a while now belong to DMP Manga. I finshed reading my physical copy of the Crater around 9 months ago it was amazing you could really tell that Tezuka was given a lot of freedom in this publication. That being said i'm not even sure why i visit this page still from time to time ? To guide some lost souls that for some reason don't know about DMP and are still waiting to get on some kinda solution perhaps ? The thing is hell can freeze over in the year 2118 and you still woudn't get it ... But if anyone wants to talk about The Crater on this page feel free to do so. We after all had to suffter together for some years to finally get it. You know what would be cool would be the PDF. That'd be nice, right? Surely those production files must be available? @Sam Tong i would hope you mean from Digital manga Platinum (DMP) ? otherwise you might have gotten false hope from an entire diffrent project !!! Andrew Nevo got forbid i still know his name even (after i finished the book from DMP last month) is just a big ungly selfish ass **** that must burn in hell. As of today I have yet to receive my book.... the wait continues @Jorge It's a entirely diffrent kickstarter that had nothing to do with this fraud ... Me and several others have made posts about it here with a links to it so you can't say we haven't done everything to reach anyone that still wanted to have the book that might not be familiar with the publisher DMP. That being said can't believe i'm still posing here currently at the 11th story of The Crater, no way it lives up to years of actively waiting for it but it's still really good. I guess i was still kind curious how things where going here that's why i checked here just now this chat will probably still exceed a 1000 messages at some point ... Maybe once i finish The Crater i could write something about it here it seems this place will never truly die out. i just checked here. how come some of you got the book. I haven't got anything. I finally got the Crater (among other things) !!! This almost 5 year bullshit is over for me. But i should have gotten another copy of the Crater to kick Andrew Nevo with until no sound came of him anymore the book is quite big so it would work. I wonder for how long comments will still be made on this page cause i'm kinda done with it now. @Lisa The Crater was an add on to Digital Manga's Under the Air Kickstarter. I just received my copy of The Crater along with the other Tezuka manga and...it feels good to finally see it in person (even if I had to get it from another company to do so). @Lisa Kraus Gardner The Crater was included with DMP's recent Under The Air campaign that also included Record of the Glass Castle and Melody of Iron (4 total books). I wish I could get my money back from this dud of a project. I never got my copy and might get a copy from another campain on here. I am still waiting . I consider this a dead horse and will not hold my breath on any new updates any time soon. I forgot I pleged to this project back in 2014 that was three years ago sad. How did some people get this book?!? I'm confused. I never got my copy. I've done all of DMP's kickstarters and haven't seen The Crater. How did I miss it?! @Des - yeah finally after 4 years, more money and another company picking up and doing right by us we finally got the book. Four months late, but still it's here, and other than the hardback, included pretty much everything that he promised, even the commentary which was nice. Glad this ordeal is done and dusted now. Finally got my copy of The Crater. Now I can put this terrible experience to rest. @Dustin Rauch i second that but then i hope you have 2 copies of it xd one to KILL Nevo with and another to keep yourself xd. A Crater finally took Nevo would be a fitting end or he could be kicked into a crater never be able to climb up with his 52 grand that will be useless in hell but he undoubtedly already spend it like i saw in his facebook video's ... Hope he already chocked in his alcohol he bought from the mopney !!! Can't wait to get my DigitalManga copy of the crater to shove down Andrew's throat. Yes Colton you beat me to it ... but a forward by Frederik l schodt and essay Ada Palmer in DMP's The Crater makes it at lest a little more like what the Kansai edition would have been !!! still wondering if it's the same material that was already made all the way back in 2013 cause it kind would seem so. Actually if you really think about it what more would the Kansai edition had to offer now other then the fact that it would have been hardcover ? I know some for some reason some bibliophiles where attracted to this book cause they made it look like this amazing thing but i'm staring to wonder about that ... would could you possibly have done to make it stand out that much anyway ? ... Digitalmanga seems to be fulfilling additions this book was going to do in their own book: "We have also included in The Crater, a forward by Frederik Schodt and an essay by Ada Palmer also!" Can't wait for my copy to arrive. I have not forgotten but see no point in posting . Life is getting in the way right now for me. It seems people have finally given up on even commenting here ... in a way i would kida miss it xd but it makes sense the situation still kind of got an happy ending well for the ones that where smart enough to pledge for DMP's project anyway ... There was nothing anyone really could have done Fred was the only one that ever came close and even he had to give up ... Andrew Nevo is my fuck boi ... greatest kickstarter project of all time Still surprises me how many pepole that backed this did not back the DMP kickstarter i mean after 3+ years of this nonsene you would think just pay a little more and finally get the damn thing already !!! This thing is more then dead ... Tezuka productions is in more way affiliated with this anymore probably when they heard of DMP's offer they gave up on tracking this mafioso Anrew Nevo down. It even be kinda funny now if we even get some complaint from some backer here that didn't back the DMP project but then again woudn't surprise me if we would since this one got so many backers and some of them might not even know about DMP's kickstarters. But i have no idea how Andrew without a track record got so many backers ... if this whole thing was fake from the start he must have laughed his ass off especially when he raised the shipping he might have hoped that nobody walked away from it and all 1350 backers at the time where just gonna pay up ... Still it's unforgivable that Kickstarter and Amazon just took the money and didn't give a damn ... My regards go out to Fred Leggett who almost came to some resolution but the court simply didn't care enough or didn't even really get it ... And apparently Fred only backed this cause he was a Bibliophilia (that kinda new about manga from long ago) and was only interested how limited the book was and the look off it to kinda shown it off ... So i''m sure he didn't fund the DMP project kinda sad that he will never get it now ... Welp, glad to see at least through Digital Manga that I'll finally be getting The Crater (and all the other Tezuka books Kickstarted in said Kickstarter). They've never once failed me before. Not sure if many are reading this here, since this project is now well and truly dead, but the Crater and others WILL see print as part of DMP's Kickstarter. We're only about $7,500 away from making sure Under the Air, The Crater, Iron Melody AND Glass Castle get into our hot little hands. So if you've been on the fence, this is your chance to jump in with both feet. Only Melody of Iron is still a stretch goal, the other three are already assured. But it's a no-risk stretch... if it doesn't make it, you get refunded for that portion. <url>"saw" it. Scum. Sadly to say it's true. One day Karma will get Andrew and he will forever regret doing this to all of us. I have to agree with you james . I have a greater chance of wining the lottery then finally getting this book. I can't care about this book anymore. I'd love to say I can't wait for DMP to do it. However the BS Andrew pulled on the campaign has made me bitter about the book. It's a lost cause and another story of a kickscammer that will go unnoticed by most except us 1,100 backers. @Mary Danielson that doesn't have anything to do with it as a matter a fact DMP already spoiled to me that there next Tezuka kickstarter is gonna be the Crater but the last one from them that actually made it is now almost a full year ago ... not that next means soon they seem to be doing great with other KS that i don't care about so perhaps in a few months at best ... Also in the West is a weird term considering especially France that has way more Tezuka you can't even read illegally in english on the internet ... a lot Americans think that the anime/manga industry revolves around America and Japan only which is pretty stupid but yeha i get you're point .... but long story short The Crater is gonna come out by DMP though a kickstarter but the weird thing is what are they gonna do with this 1100+ backers my guess is nothing ... since they need to make a profit on it ... and described it as license rescue and when i said the Crater they said don't tell anyone yet, but it has been weeks since and still nothing up... So i just came here to confirm you this news. I am giving up on this project it has been how many years now ? sorry but this is likely to be my last post . If you click the "Kansai Club Publishing link on this page, where it has the Facebook logo, it goes to Andrew's Facebook. So I guess he reactivated it! ...Not that that helps with much. Well I was looking at my 'On This Day' on Facebook and saw I had linked to this Kickstarter shortly after it launched and got a little disappointed but figured I'd check in on you guys again. It's really too bad things turned out the way they did. I remained optimistic for a long time (longer than most of you - a year or so) but Andrew deleting his Facebook is just the disrespectful cherry on top. The most unfortunate thing is that Tezuka Pro probably won't license this in the West ever again. Andrew deleted his Facebook. He's officially off the grid. This is my last post on here. He got his money scammed us all and got away with it. Karma will get him one day. @Xminus1 nope this can be considered a lost case ... Andrew has probably fergotten about it completly at this point ... What an amazing time to be an Tezuka fan these days (sarcasm) DMP manga cringe come on already ... On the manga side nothing is happen anywhere in the West !!! ... (Only postive thing is that Dororo anime and Belladona movie are coming out next month) But i have already started to import many Japanese Tezuka manga (collectors editons) some of them have illigal scanlations on the internet, so thhat means i can follow what's going on ... Also a book called the Osamu Tezuka story is coming out in English late this year other than that it seems nothing ... So any one still here and any new leads ? @Blake H sadly not ... and getting it back through banks/card companies is way overdue ... I was actually in a really serious argument with kickstarter some time ago i tried to be really casual and stuff but after some 5 messanges going back and forward they knew there was no way back !!! I put them in a corner with a gun at point blank range and they just did not respond after that anymore ... Is there any manner of legal action that can be taken at this point? Know Kickstarter isn't to be held responsible but it seems like they should be able to offer some manner of aid. I sigh every time I think about this project... it was the 1st time I had backed something. Wish the book was here and glad it didn't stop me from backing other peoples dreams. What I learned from this rip off was to do more research before comminting money (no matter how small the amount. It really is sad that it ended up this way. I'm not surprised he was throwing our money around. He clearly had no class or integrity. No the piece of vermin fuck scum had parties with it and drank alot of Alcohol with it ... i saw it in a few of his video's when i was still friends with him on facebook ... he could have bought a car from it or paid part of his house off with it ... but i think a choose to take it easy for a while and blow his money on nothing but trash and not a penny must be left anymore ... i think he never printed anything when he saw he coudn't pull it off he bailed out ... like i said before from that money you can easilly print 1100 softcovers done by someone else the fuck didn't even need to do anything at the point ... To long ago i have been here DMP had a survey up about the Crater since but seeing the Wonder 3 did not even make it (perhaps because of the bad timing halloween ... and they really wanted in hardcover ... but since they haven't done any Tezuka KS since storm fairy was the last on the made it in the summer ... only stupid yuri/porn manga kickstarters right now ... @HanZ I think DMP has shown interest in publishing the book at some point here in the west. However who knows when. You should be more concerned that someone ran off with our money probably paid off student loans or had a bender. Who knows.... Too long ago claim a chargeback on my card according to my bank. Thanks to anyone still here ..... It was a very beautiful idea for one of most amazing Osamu Tezuka's title, but there is no hope to see it go live by Kansai anymore. Is it possible Crater will be on plan by another publisher for near future? I really love this serie and dream to see it in English with hardcover. Thanks Fred. As always you are going above and beyond to get some accountability out of Andrew for being a flake and a scammer. However the funny thing is that if you click the Facebook link for Andrew it does not go to any page results... Looks like he's trying a disappearing act. Sorry for being so silent on this. The holidays and personal drama have consumed a LOT of my time for the past month or so. I'm going to make one last attempt to get the Florida AG involved in this mess. If they won't bite, I'm not quite sure what else to do. I think this time I'll send them a genuine, hardcopy letter with backing evidence, particularly in regards to the Washington State case. I'll also cite Larry Davis' article along with my all-too-brief local news appearance as well as Kickscammed. This will, unfortunately, be my Hail Mary pass. Cross your fingers! I know right. 3 years and still no responsibility taken by Andrew. Thanks to any one still here , and happy new year . So how many years has it been since this all started ? Thank you again to those still investigating options. Have a happy new year! Just wanted to say thanks to you guys who are pursuing our legal options, and who are keeping me (and the others who check back in periodically) updated. Even if nothing comes of it, I really appreciate the effort. Not a chance at this point... I want my money back. Can we get our money back? Sorry for being pretty silent for awhile. Other life stuff is getting in the way of pursuing this with the Florida AG. However, I do intend to follow-up with them in the next few days, but remember that I can't promise anything. In the meantime, Larry Davis of DestroyAllChildren published a LENGTHY article about this whole debacle. It can be accessed here: <url>~Anime-Zing Customer Happiness Guru Digital Manga Press, who are behind a campaign to publish the sum of Tezuka's remaining works in English via Kickstarter, have posted a survey asking about backers of The Crater: <url>"known" entities, like Flesk Publications or the guys behind the Tome books. Unfortunately, these one hit losers have completely turned me off from supporting the very people for which KIckstarter was originally intended - the moms & pops that couldn't otherwise get traditional funding. In essence, they've ruined it for future, honest project creators. I STILL don't understand Kickstarter's hands-off approach to everything. You'd think they'd want to do everything in their power to ensure that backers aren't taken advantage of, but they seem to revel in the casino-like environment their business model encourages. To me, it seems like insanity. @James D White there is official company's like DMP i sure woudn't hope you would give up on them when they are actually do fulfill there promises unlike this lower then insect piece of garbage of an Andrew Nevo that isn't even telling us that he coudn't pull it of. I would have glady taken an softcover for this even if it was overpriced (which could have been easilly pulled off) then we at least would have gotten it and leaving the extra swag out would have been okay as well at this point. I gotta admit after this official company's it's where it's at for me only i will never gamble on something like this ever again !!! honestly with the kind of money that would have been no problem if i where Andrew i would have gathered the money and go to publising house and let them print 1100 dammn softcovers send them and apologize we would have respected him then and he woudn't have to creep in the shadows on the internet like the **** he is now !!! and still kind of being afraid of a lawsuit everyday. Having spend hour money on party's and Alcohol like i saw him do when i was still a friend of him on Facebook perhaps he also bought a car from it ... I do think he never actually attempted at printing the book in the first place cause when we asked for pictures he could never show us anything that wasn't digital. And that's why I've decided to stop backing any new projects. It's just delays, blah blah blah then it does not come out or something like this campaign. What an effin' joke. Strickler knows damn well that, while admittedly in the minority, deadbeat project creators are a bane on this site. Notice that she doesn't mention ANYTHING about Kickstarter itself helping shafted backers, with the implication that it's simply "let's bury our collective heads in the sand" business as usual whenever a Crater or Totally Messed Up or Mystery Box occurs. Many people, including myself, have put forward real and concrete ideas as to how to greatly enhance accountability and responsibility into the system, but they continue to fall on deaf ears. Kickstarter hasn't cared about backers since its inception and certainly won't give a damn well into the future. Their one and only goal is to collect commissions. Everything else is NIMBY. This is why sites like www.kickscammed.com are sorely needed - to expose deadbeat project creators for the thieves they are. They also serve the double-purpose of highlighting the dangers of participating in Kickstarter itself. I really wonder if/when someone is going to bring a massive lawsuit against Kickstarter for effectively collecting stolen money. I've always thought there should be a somewhat strict approval process, the funds raised held in escrow for a reasonable period, and the total money (minus Kickstarter's cut) not doled out all at once. Kickstarter makes me angrier and angrier the more they try to justify their lackadaisical attitudes. Here's an excerpt from a recent interview with the CEO of Kickstarter Yancey Strickler from Polygon about Fraudulent or unsuccessfully rewarded campaign's such as this one. Just because a Kickstarter is successfully funded doesn't mean it will accomplish its goals. The tales of creators falling short, of failing to deliver for their backers, are not uncommon. It's an issue that has caused the company to clarify its language about the relationship between creators and backers as recently as last year. More troubling comes the news that in July the state of Washington ordered restitution and civil penalties be paid by one creator who failed to deliver rewards to their backers. It marks the first successful case brought against a delinquent Kickstarter campaign. Just because a Kickstarter is successfully funded doesn't mean it will accomplish its goals. The tales of creators falling short, of failing to deliver for their backers, are not uncommon. It's an issue that has caused the company to clarify its language about the relationship between creators and backers as recently as last year. More troubling comes the news that in July the state of Washington ordered restitution and civil penalties be paid by one creator who failed to deliver rewards to their backers. It marks the first successful case brought against a delinquent Kickstarter campaign. Strickler sees this as an anomaly. "When we look at the 90-some-thousand projects that have been successfully been funded," Strickland said, "and we see here the case in Washington is clearly an extraordinarily rare outlier. But in the instance of a creator acting in bad faith, or acting fraudulently, absolutely the legal provisions that are available when people do that in general, regardless of the platform where it occurs, I think those sorts of actions are absolutely appropriate. "In this instance, certainly what we want to see is a resolution for backers. I have no idea whether backers are satisfied by this outcome or how people would feel in the end as a part of this. But if someone acts in bad faith and takes advantage and ultimately is using a Kickstarter community, and our brand and our name, to perform a fraudulent act yeah absolutely there should be real accountability for that, especially if it's criminal. "This isn't the sort of thing that an average creator should be worried about." sees this as an anomaly. "When we look at the 90-some-thousand projects that have been successfully been funded," Strickland said, "and we see here the case in Washington is clearly an extraordinarily rare outlier. But in the instance of a creator acting in bad faith, or acting fraudulently, absolutely the legal provisions that are available when people do that in general, regardless of the platform where it occurs, I think those sorts of actions are absolutely appropriate. "In this instance, certainly what we want to see is a resolution for backers. I have no idea whether backers are satisfied by this outcome or how people would feel in the end as a part of this. But if someone acts in bad faith and takes advantage and ultimately is using a Kickstarter community, and our brand and our name, to perform a fraudulent act yeah absolutely there should be real accountability for that, especially if it's criminal. "This isn't the sort of thing that an average creator should be worried about." If I don't hear anything else in a week or two, I'll phone the person who (I believe) has been assigned this case. If no one hears anything from me for an extended period, don't worry, I'm still pursuing this. Mark, I'll be referencing the Washington State case when I talk to the AG's office. I never did hear back from Lauren and it sounds like James never heard from that "Friends of Andrew" person. C'est la vie. I wouldn't get deterred. @Mark I was about to pay that article. Now is not the time to give up contact the AG of your state about this campaign. Unfortunately in Canada there's not much we can do... Looks like there is some precedence for this! <url>"Lemme research further", which is disappointing (assuming it reached her). We need to keep pressing, though. Someone out there is going to run with this, whether it be a state agency or local media outlet. I sent an email let's see where it goes @Fred this was posted in the comments here back on June 14th 2014 by a so called friend of Andrew. However that person's only thing they've backed on KS is this project. "The bottom line is this: THE BOOK IS REAL. IT IS AUTHORIZED BY TEZUKA PRODUCTIONS. IT IS BEING PRINTED NOW AND YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR COPY. My email address is <email>. Although I am not involved with the actual production of the book, I have observed Andrew working through each step of this very long process and would be happy to provide you with any additional information I can provide." Still nothing from Lauren. I dunno if she got the email or if it went into her spam folder. I had to do some digging to get her address, so it's possible I used the wrong one. However, the one I did use didn't bounce, so... I don't know what sort of timetable my AG complaint will follow. I may not hear anything for weeks or even months (or perhaps not at all). If I don't receive something from the office in another two weeks, I'll try calling them about my filing. I don't know who that "Friend of Andrews" person is. I suppose it couldn't hurt for someone to write to that address. My question is has anyone else emailed this "Friend of Andrews" at <email> He said he backed this and that the book was real back in 2014. Him as well as Andrew radio silence. Way to go Fred. I really hope something comes from this end of things... BTW, I haven't heard from Lauren. I figure if she doesn't respond in another week or so that that's a dead-end, too. Screw it, I just filed a complaint with the Florida AG. I stressed that, while I was only personally out for $57, in reality Andrew made off with over $50,000 of backer funds. Hopefully, that'll turn some heads. It looks like Andrew last logged into Kickstarter on February 18 of this year, so he should definitely know we're onto him. J L Rico Thanks for the link. Now only if we could get the book we where promised over two years ago..... As usual Fred the perseverance you show is amazing. Thanks man. Hopefully someone out there with some pull can help us get some answers. I just emailed Lauren. Hopefully, she'll pick this up and run with it. In a way, I wish I had pledged a lot more, as I would then have more leverage and justification for opening a case with the Florida AG. I'm still thinking about doing so, but all I could claim would be $57, which I'm sure would get thrown into the "petty complaints" folder and subsequently forgotten. Vincent, I'll be more than happy to discuss any aspect of this campaign with anyone, along with detailing my trials and tribulations with Kickstarter, so I'll see if Lauren is interested. I'm fairly certain Scott Green writes (or used to write) anime news pieces for AICN, so he might be reachable there. @Vincent I sent an email to the editorial staff at AnimeNewsNetwork who had originally published an article on this campaign. They never contacted me back or did an article about this mess of a campaign. @Fred that's it man. I posted on another Kickstarter that hasn't been fulfilled from 2013 and not even an hr later they sent a campaign update. That's how it should be handled. Not radio slice while Andrew scrooge McDucks in a pool of our money. I feel like most people have forgotten about this project. Do you think trying to get some sort of media attention would help? I first found out about the campaign initially through io9.com (<url>"backer support", as they seem hellbent on being as hands-off as possible. Another key element that needs to change is the seriousness that project creators exhibit with respect to their promises to their supporters. I'm convinced that many have a "who cares?" sort of lackadaisical attitude regarding fulfilling their obligations and shipping campaign rewards. Too many fall back on the tiresome and error-ridden "your pledge doesn't constitute a preorder" mantra as a method to escape both their ethical and legal responsibilities. And, incredibly, a sizable amount of backers don't seem to care if project creators follow-through with their deliverables, perhaps surreptitiously thinking of the day when they, too, can start a project and amass a bunch of pledge funds without offering anything in return. We all know and accept that Kickstarter is not a store, but it shouldn't be a casino. I just saw the same court decision and came straight here to post about it, I am glad someone else did too. We need to figure out how to now take this to court against Andrew since there is now a precediance for this type of situation. I hope he has seen this and will be shitting in his pants because from all the unhappy backers on this project I know we will not stand down. Did you guys see this? <url>"community guidelines". As a result, my account was effectively frozen for a week. No evidence was offered that I had run afoul of these nebulous CGs, nor were they enumerated to prove that I had done anything of the sort. My activity in other parts of Kickstarter could not've possibly gone against ANY of Kickstarter's policies, so it had to be the Kickscammed announcement, as the timing and context was just too coincidental. Because of this and because of Kickstarter's absolute and total disregard for backers who've been screwed over by projects like this one, I am done with this site. Kickstarter is one of the most customer hostile companies with which I've ever had the displeasure of engaging. I've backed over 80 projects over the years, many of which I've been proud to contribute towards, but no more. The current diseased crop of Kickstarter directors and managers are digging their own graves. I can only hope karma is a real and potent thing. Goodbye and good riddance. @aziesel did you not read any of the comments below? He took our money and ran. That's it no book, no refund... Nothing. He spent our money and partied or bought a car or whatever. Andrew is a scammer and a fraud. You last announcement was from June 2014. Any more recent update? Thanks Fred once again for all you are doing. It's sad because I've had 4 other backed projects show up this month and this will always linger in my mind... Not that it'll do a whole lot of good, but I just made a Kickscammed entry: <url>"donation" should be abandoned when discussing the nature of pledges. Keep in mind that, not only has Andrew tarnished his own reputation, but he's also sullied KCP's name, too. Anyone with any knowledge of how this campaign soured will steer well clear of Andrew and anyone associated with KCP. This might also appear in Andrew's credit history should this incident hit the right reporting companies. And there's still the possibility of some sort of legal pressure that might be applied. I'm still considering opening a filing with the Florida AG, even though I'm only personally out $57. These "steal a little from a lot" sort of scams are difficult to pursue, particularly when potential claimants are from all over the world. It is a crime, though, as evidenced by the WA state case. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Xminus1 @ not gonna happen anymore ... i hope Andrew BURNS IN HELL i mean seriously !!! i could also use 50,000 dollars to fund my anime collection or to pay off part of a house !!! seems i also gotta make a kickstarter just make a stupid video and show nothing later on and then get away with it how nice that is !!! Tim I feel the same way I either want the book drooped off by my door by the author himself or I want my money back ! This has left a crater in my wallet...and my heart. I was very excited for this. D: In retrospect, $50,000 was probably well short of what was needed for a Graphitti Kingdom Come-like book to be produced, particularly for a 2,000 unit run, and particularly when the swag is included. The financing would probably need to be closer to $100,000. This was the first red flag. I don't know what to say about the cels. It would seem a little strange to me for one non-rich person to've amassed such a collection just to give them away as part of a KS campaign. Probably another red flag. The third red flag would undoubtedly be that piss poor pitch video. Smacks of someone looking to make a quick buck by spending next to nothing on a poorly lit talking head video. I'd reckon the fourth red flag would've been the utter lack of spreads or mock-ups. Andrew didn't even provide a render of what the final book would look like, despite numerous requests for just one "proof of life" pic. It's a shame backers have to become amateur detectives in order to steer clear of dubious campaigns. I'm a little surprised a company hasn't appeared to try to vet these projects before they go live. An "Approved By ..." seal would help weed out these shysters. Yeah, the Channel 9 pass is definitely disappointing. I don't quite understand why they seemingly dropped the segment, though, as they said they had received other complaints, too, along with mine. Who knows?, though. Maybe I'll be watching the TV one random night and my ugly mug will appear onscreen in terrifying HD. Of course, that might be enough to give me an on-the-spot coronary. Well, maybe I should start a kickstarter of my own. I could need 50,000$ and apparently there are no consequences. If you go into a bank and steal that ammount you could get shot on the spot but here no one even cares :D perfect crime Haven't even checked here for some time, just now read that it all did not work out ... it is still to grazy to believe that they just ignored it after taking you seriously Fred ... At this point i already had my head turned towards DMP the only thing remains we aren't going to be compesated when DMP is actually going to get to the Crater they are small company not like VIZ can't give away a 1000 copies or what not. They told me they are already working on getting it even when it might take another year for that title to come up ... and Andrew promised us gold but a softcover release as plan B might have actually worked out with the kind of money that he got someone could have done it for him without actually doing much himself, but then again those animation cells that where never actually shown makes it even more shady. @Fred Thank you so much for doing all that. To all of us that means the world man. You tried and that is huge. As I said I'm in Canada so the FTC is something I cannot contact. Hopefully someone has or is in the process of doing so. Andrew needs to be held responsible for what he has done. He is scum. @Fred Man, that is really too bad the story was not completed. Many local news organizations try to do consumer pieces, but typically they only air the pieces that get actual results and or effect the most local consumers. It's really nice to hear that someone listened and tried to help, but I am sure the story was pushed aside and they are now working on something else. It's too bad the reporter did not just admit they could not sell the story to their boss or that Andrew just ignored them, which kills any type of on-air solution to this problem. DMP is continuing their successful Tezuka kickstarters, to which if "Clockwork Apple" and "Storm Fairy" are successful with non kickstarter supporters, ie DMP sells out of each print run, I believe we may see DMP trying to release Crater. Well, guys and gals, I think my efforts have been for naught. I was holding off on letting this particular cat out of the bag, but I don't think it'll make much difference at this point. Several months ago, I completed an online complaint form with Channel 9, which is our local ABC affiliate (WFTV). To my shock and delight, I was actually contacted by station staff. I was interviewed on camera at my house about this campaign and another Kickstarter drive whose project creator just vanished without fulfilling his obligations, though the primary focus was on Andrew/KCP. I was very animated and talked on camera for probably a good half-hour. We then discussed things further off-camera for another half-hour. I showed the guy that interviewed me the campaign page along with the pitch video, which was also filmed. I was told that this story was being developed and would definitely run during an Action 9 segment. The person who interviewed me estimated it would take around three weeks before the segment was completed and ready for prime time. Unfortunately, like I wrote, this was several months ago. I did pass on Andrew's home address and telephone number, but I don't know if Channel 9 staff was able to make contact. I've only had sporadic contact with the interviewer since then. My last email to the guy was about a week ago, but I've yet to see a response. I can only guess that the segment is either on indefinite hiatus or has been canceled altogether. Sorry I don't have more positive news. I agree that the FTC and the Florida Attorney General should be contacted and reports filed, especially if there's evidence Andrew is using the money for non-Kickstarter activities. @BSL I can't do anything with the FTC I live in Canada. I have contacted whoever I could but being in Canada there's nothing that can be done. The only thing I can think of is that he did say he was using a Canadian printing company if we could find old documentation on who he was going to go with I could try to get a hold of the printer to see if he even contacted them or had made any business arrangements? Lots of good links in this story about that board game on their official site. <url>’s online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357). More information is on the site. <url>#crnt&panel1-1 @James - "But I agree I really hope the FTC goes after Andrew for his wrongdoing." Someone needs to bring it to their attention, otherwise nothing will be done about it. @ Andrew - Reading some of the older posts they mention he posted on Facebook vacations, and other such things (allegedly) using the money we paid him. So how much more evidence would we need for some one to look into it, let alone just doing screen caps of those things documenting what has happened and what he is posting publicly. All depends if Fred or some of the other dedicated folks here gathered any of that up so it could be forwarded to the FTC to investigate and then move forward with charges. Stealing $50,000 is still a felony as far as I know. The issue is that we'd need some kind of evidence that Andrew swindled the money, and unfortunately, a lack of product seemingly isn't enough. In the case they went after, there was more than enough probable cause to see that he was mishandling the funds. We'd need to find something similar here. Mark I was literally going to post that, Lol. But I agree I really hope the FTC goes after Andrew for his wrongdoing. Hopefully some legal action is possible for this nightmare of a Kickstarter project too! <url>"wanted" status. That would be amazing. Thank you Fred. IDK how you do it man but I can't thank you enough. I don't know why Andrew is such a puss he can't do an update himself and tell us what happened or what's going on? On his FB it clearly looks like he's enjoying himself and having fun with our money. I'm still on the case, everyone. Sometimes, the gears turn slowly, but they are turning (at least, from what I understand). I am pretty certain, though, that there is no possibility of refunds at this point. I just want everyone to be aware of that. I'm also doubtful that any sort of court action could be mounted by now. Still, I DO have a glimmer of hope that, based on what I've been trying to do, we'll get some sort of public statement from Andrew or another KCP member about what happened with the book and funds raised via this campaign. Keep your fingers crossed! @Tim I contacted ANN editorial team about trying to contact Andrew with no reply from them. They are not interested in helping us track him down or contact Tezuka Productions to find out any details. Just to put this out there, in a 2013 article at the URL below, the anime web site Anime News Network said "ANN has confirmed this announcement with Tezuka Productions." <url>"I was not prepared for this" or something of that nature. He let the domain lapse. <url>"The bottom line is this: THE BOOK IS REAL. IT IS AUTHORIZED BY TEZUKA PRODUCTIONS. IT IS BEING PRINTED NOW AND YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR COPY. My email address is <email>. Although I am not involved with the actual production of the book, I have observed Andrew working through each step of this very long process and would be happy to provide you with any additional information I can provide." So IDK where this magical "printed" books went or he is just as full of it as Andrew is. I find it funny that a "Friend" of his would have let him go on this long without giving us anything of an update. I work 48+ hrs a week plus OT and have time to do lots of things and that's giving myself 6 hrs of sleep a night. No excuse. Well, Daniel Koosed (the friend that posted with background info) DOES seem to exist and he attended the University of Miami like Andrew, but I can't tell if they were the same years from Facebook. I'm only on mobile and I can't figure out how to get to his Kickstarter profile. Out of curiosity, what happened to the backer who claimed to be Andrew's friend, asking us to cut him some slack because of work commitments? I can't remember your name but it would be great to hear some insight from you. Digital manga (DMP) actually sad this to me about them getting The Crater : @thegbf, @Martin Costello : We're actually considering The Crater as well, but may be a bit before we have a solid answer on that. Hikaru is currently looking at these titles for future projects (not in any order or confirmed) - Under the Air, Melody of Iron, Wonder 3, Shumari, Dove Fly Up to Heaven, The Euphrates Three, and Tezuka's Ancestor Dr. Ryoan. Here we go at this point DMP is going to take it and you gonna have to pay twice for this because this isn't going anywhere i hope at the time they gonna do it Andrew drops dead !!! After a year I just wanted to believe Andrew ran into a major hurdle that set the project back but there hasn't been an update for so long. He was supposedly going to give out 500 animation cels. Pretty alarming now that I think about it because it sound too good to be true. I'm also curious if he ever contacted Frederik Schodt or Ada Palmer in the first place. Thank you for your continued efforts Fred. And thanks for the suggestion Danielle. It may not do much, but I did punch that report button! It probably won't do much but there's a Report button on the campaign page which sends a message to the integrity team at Kickstarter. If they get a lot of reports for this, it may help in some way. Or at least prevent this guy from ripping people off again in the future... Dannie, just be aware that none of us will probably receive a refund from this. The best I can anticipate is a public shaming and POSSIBLY some manner of civil action (though that's a distant longshot). It'll all depend on where certain dominos fall. Thank you Fred, please keep us all updated. I'm sure we all want restitution. Wicked Fred. Thank you for all you have done. Karma will come back on Andrew. It's only a matter of time. Kickstarter is the equivalent of, in the words of Al Pacino, an absentee landlord. They don't care what happens in their tenement, nor do they care who rents out rooms, their only concern is collecting posting and processing fees for successful drives. This is an exceedingly bitter pill to swallow, but there it is. I HOPE to have something to report in here in the next week or two. I haven't given up on making Andrew/KCP accountable for sneaking away with over fifty thousand dollars of backer money. I'm more angry about kickstarter not giving a fuck, than the human failure that must have happened behind the project. They should at least pay back the 5% they took. Yes, the piece of shit stole our money, yet he continues to log on occasionally to mock us. Hope he chokes on it. @Martin @Emily Yes Andrew is a fraud and got his money and ran like the weak and pathetic person he is. If he did have issues with printing or production he didn't have the b@lls to say what went wrong. I've backed many projects this is the only one that has ceased updates and has disappeared. All others update monthly, regarding issues, complications, etc. Don't be discouraged by Kickstarter it just sucks they don't care about people taking money and running. That's what bothers me the most. @ Emily Gaston Unfortunately so, yes. He has taken the money and disappeared. We don't know if the book even exists. I just realized that I never received this book. I was going to double check the address I gave them but it looks like no one has received the book. Is this correct?!? This is the project I've been stung the most on so far - $80. Never back a first-time creator on KS ever again! Nice to see Kickstarter don't care since they got their cut. I've simply given up on seeing the money I put towards this Kickstarter ever again. Quite a shame. Caveat emptor, I guess. At least no one went for the $2,500 tier. This guy needs to burn in some fashion. Ya, I've come to figure out Kickstarter gives Zero F's after they get their % off the goal $$$ I think it rather telling that, when I asked Kickstarter for KCP's address for possible legal action, they completely ignored my request. Kickstarter really doesn't care if project creators follow-through with their stated "rewards", only that campaigns succeed so they can get their cut. It beggars belief how short-sighted such an attitude is in a long-term business context, but there it is. I can't comment on international backers, but for US-based people, I would file a complaint with both your home state's AG and the Florida AG, no matter how small your individual loss might be. @Kathy I am international too. Our hands are tied. I've contacted many ppl to try to get help in Canada. Really there's nothing we can do. I just wish Kickstarter would do something like Send a notice of non-fulfillment than ban him from kickstarter. This is the ONLY kickstarter I've ever had issues with. He was out to scam and he got what he wanted money. My patience is gone. There should be some recourse we can take.. Re calling the telephone number, the phone number has been called in the past, perhaps with some results at first. It seems to be for a landline phone at his parents' house. Please keep in mind that his parents are not responsible for their adult son taking a phone call or returning a phone call, much less publishing a book, and one of them might be the one to hear a message or take a call. Below are a few links to comments re phone calls. <url>#comment-5566227 <url>#comment-8192764 <url>#comment-8863588 Thanks, Stephen, for the contact number and link. I've forwarded it to an "interested party". I still can't go into detail yet, but hope to disclose what's happening in the next two or three weeks. While it's pretty doubtful anyone will receive any refunds, wheels are turning to expose KCP for the crooks they seem to be. Stay tuned! So, any news about this? I see that apparently the Kansai Club will not deliver...I am international backer, can I do something to help? I want my book or my money back. The number, (954) 385-5727, is listed on the BBB page for Kansai Club - <url>ña We only have Andrew's empty promises that the book actually exists. Despite constant requests over the past year and a half, there isn't a single piece of photographic evidence this book was even translated. I hadn't checked this project, I'm not one of those people that check kickstarter a lot.. Anyway I received an e-mail from the Captain ken kickstarter page and decided to check the progress of other kickstarters I had contributed on... Then I saw this, heck, I didn't even remember I had contributed to this! Anyway, by reading posts and stuff it looks like we lost our money? I can't believe Andrew doesn't answer, doesn't change his facebook, or deletes his site.. I do believe he had the intention to do this, judging by his last update the books were already made, but he lacked the money to send them? I really wouldn't mind giving an extra $5 so he can finally send the book... Or did I misread? Did he ever show us the book in question? Thanks for what you're doing, Fred. Hopefully something can come from this. AstroBBoy, that's true, but I didn't want to make the local news affiliate think this was an "international incident", as that might scare them off versus if it was more of a localized bit of criminality. If/when I make contact with whoever runs with this, I'll make sure to report that this actually went beyond U.S. borders. @Fred - its 1,105 backers across the world (not just the U.S.) that were defrauded I also just filed a report with Kickstarter requesting that they release any contact info they have on KCP and/or Andrew Nevo for the purpose of pursuing legal action. It will be interesting to see their response (if any). Many thanks Fred. You're a good man. I hope we can shame Andrew out of his hole and get some form of closure. Such a shame we're not getting this book; I was really looking forward to it. Wicked Fred. Thank you so much. Sounds perfect! Ya Dustin. He really needs to man up. Better to tell it how it went down or what's up then be a worm hiding in the dirt. I've filed an Action 9 report with our local ABC affiliate (WFTV). Here is what I wrote in the comments section: ---------------------- Mr. Nevo solicited a Japanese translated book via Kickstarter. The Kickstarter campaign was a success, raising $52,861, but Mr. Nevo has, by all appearances, absconded with all funds without producing the book. 1,105 backers across the U.S. were defrauded. The campaign page with a lengthy discussion of what occurred (and what didn't) can be found here (minus quotes): "<url>". A filing with the Florida AG is seriously being considered. I would welcome any contact with WFTV staff to discuss this in detail. Thank you for reading. ---------------------- I'm going to wait a week or two before moving on to another affiliate. If WFTV doesn't bite, there are two or three other news outlets that might be interested. Andrew, own up you child. You can't just piss away $52,000 and expect everyone to just say "oops." Do something about it. Stop hiding. Your information is everywhere and we're not going anywhere. No, it's because Andrew did see it! That little worm! He logged in on January the 22nd. What a piece of shit. It was deleted by kickstarter. They said it was "abusive content", and i wasn't in compliance with community guidelines. Whatever! I wouldn't read into it -- I highly doubt Nevo saw it and got upset. Maybe one of the backers thought I crossed a line. Maybe I did! Don't really get it. Anyone who googles "Kansai Club" and "Better Business Bureau" will see the BBB page with the phone number. Anyone who calls it (and gets an answer) will be able to tell it's family on the other end. Oh well. Looks like Jeff's message was deleted. Was that the one with the phone number in it? So does that mean somebody who owes us a product is still keeping tabs on this? @Fred so it up man. Good luck and let us know how it goes. Okay, I'll see if anyone wants to run with this. The local news are always on the hunt for the latest and greatest scandal and this certainly qualifies. I'll let everyone know what they say. @ Fred a local news piece would be amazing! Someone needs to confront Andrew about this and a local piece would do wonders. I just got an update on a kickstater project that's been two years in development. Still getting updates saying got sick, work, etc. That's an honest person. Not like this Andrew dude. @Laudanum - all projects do have a disclosure above the rewards stating they can't guarantee fulfillment. Ultimately, if too many projects don't pan out, people will stop contributing. Kickstarter has always been caveat emptor. Personally, I now make sure to listen to my gut. Had I done that for this project, I wouldn't be here right now :/ @Fred Leggett do it !!! anything that could help would be great at this point if his name get´s known he might be seen as a scumbag to everyone at the very least and we might even get a good result out of it. Y'know, I could try to see if our local TV news affiliate would like to run a piece on this. Crowdfunding is getting more and more mainstream and this looks like something an enterprising young journalist wanting to impress his boss might run with. What does everyone think? Hmmm I guess I've been scammed out of my money :( I don't know if I can do anything since I'm in Australia. Guess I'll have to thoroughly research the creator of the kickstarter from now on! As much as it pains me to say, this project is dead and we're not getting our money back. Andrew is a dishonest coward and I don't believe this project even left the drawing board. Kickstarter HAS to start making people more aware about the risks of backing projects. Whether it is a disclosure on the home page, or a warning everytime you pledge. It HAS to happen or Kickstarter will become a thieves den. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Well, I could go ahead and file a complaint with the Florida AG. I never got any feedback from my request in here, so I'd be going it alone for a whopping $52. I'm not sure our AG would take such a filing seriously. Kickstarter really is the perfect vehicle to scam people out of serious money, but the crime is so nationalized and no one person is out a large amount of money that it makes it exceedingly difficult to pursue deadbeat PCs via legal channels. It reminds me of movies where the crooks steal pennies from hundreds of thousands of bank accounts and make a killing, but the crime itself is largely overlooked. It's a shame that Andrew has tanked KCP's reputation and has sullied the chances of anyone else bringing manga over from Japan who isn't already an established name, like Viz or DMP. Campaigns like this kill interest in the whole crowdfunding model and makes it extremely difficult for anyone coming after to achieve their funding goals. It's a disgrace. Any update regarding plans from anyone ? ... if i where in the U.S i would already have done everything i could but doing anything here wouldn't do much ... I'm still very, very interested in finally reading this. It's 2015...please just get these to backers as soon as possible. This is getting ridiculous. This guy straight up is ignoring everyone. It sad that he has not taken the highroad and just stated what is going on with this. I know karma will get him one of these days for this. I haven't heard anything back from AnimeNewsNetwork about my email I sent asking for them to assist us in anyway like doing an article about what went wrong and maybe getting a hold of Andrew that way. Just messaged his mother since he has his Facebook open and I can see who he's related to. I'm sure she'll ignore me as well. Please do visit him if you can. He's such a coward. Probably won't even open the door. I live in Florida and next time I'm in Miami I'm stopping by 2446 GREENBRIER CT. WESTON, FL 33327 the address of his company and i hope this isn't his house, i know what he looks like and he better hope he's not there, i don't want to result to violence but I'm a mama fighter and i will take our money out on his ass. Already started translating my French volumes of the Crater .... I still believe Andrew started out with good intentions but he is completely ignoring the fact that he is a filthy thief right now and should get punished for it. @Dustin Rauch I just sad on his Facebook wall that he should give an update and that if he is never going to come with the book he should pay back the money !!! Have you guys reported this campaign to Kickstarter? I just did. Maybe they can do something. Oh wow, really? What did you say to him? Just completely deleted you afterwards? What a scumbag. The bastard just unfriended me after i spoke the truth so it clearly got to him but he just ignored it ... that's one way of solving problems. Nice to see my funds at least went to a good cause. Funding his alcohol intake :/ Good! Don't stop. I'm sending him messages all the time. Going to contact family members he's friends with soon. This little turd isn't getting off that easy. I also made a post on his FB wall 43 minutes ago please respond to it we might be able to get somewhere this way Yup he just changed his profile picture, ppl posting on it too. Let's start FB messaging him. Okay, whoa... just checked his Facebook and he just updated it, so he is clearly very much alive. Just messaged him myself. I implore the rest of you to do the same. I almost forgot - also list how much money you pledged. Okay, I now have a pretty solid plan of legal action. Before I proceed, though, I need to know how many Floridians comprise the 1104 backers to this campaign. By "Floridian', I mean anyone who has a Florida address. The more names I can collect, the better, so please make yourselves known. If you use a handle, make sure you include your real name. Thanks. I hope the DMP option is viable. I should know sometime this week if trying to get our SA involved is worth pursuing. DMP has a survey, specifically for Tezuka fans. Let's all take it and beg them to bring The Crater to us! <url>"<url>". At the page linked to below <url>"KANSAI CLUB PUBLISHING L.L.C." -- I went to Detail by Entity Name - KANSAI CLUB PUBLISHING L.L.C.: <url>"02/01/2012 -- Florida Limited Liability" link on the "Detail by Entity Name" page goes to a page that says: I understand the requirement to file an annual report between January 1st and May 1st in the calendar year following formation of the LLC and every year thereafter to maintain "active" status. -- So it looks like his annual report was over 4 months late, so the Florida Division of Corporations did an "ADMIN DISSOLUTION FOR ANNUAL REPORT" and changed the status of the LLC to Inactive. Very interesting about the dissolution. How much do you want to bet that Kickstarter would still say he should be able to deliver? I'd given up on getting anything out of this ages ago, but it still sucks to see your worst fears confirmed. Hey, man. At least you tried. No one could ask more of you than that, and you didn't even have to go THAT far in the first place. It is definitely interesting to hear that KCP has been dissolved, though. I really do wish that Andrew had at least made a post on that and explained exactly what the hell happened, because it would be nice to at LEAST get some closure on the whole thing, but honestly, I can understand why he wouldn't, after all of the... (justifiably) angry... posts that were made in this comments section. Ah well :\ At this point, I suppose the best option is to take it as a lesson to avoid backing projects being done by no names with no history to prove that they'll be able to go through with what they promise, and to hope that a legitimate publishing company (maybe DMP?) picks up the license to the Crater so that we can eventually get it, even if we have to pay again (yes, I'm a big enough Tezuka fan to do that. I want to collect all of the Tezuka manga that I can, even if it means paying twice for some of them) Here's a PDF of the Washington State case if anyone is curious: <url>’t been tested. There’s a case in Washington State that might be precedent-setting, but even it doesn’t list Kickstarter as a direct defendant. Of course I’m disappointed, but knew this could be the decision of the attorney. My advice to everyone is if KCP tries to rise from the ashes to solicit anything and Andrew is in any way involved, to run away as fast as you can. We’ve all been had and all we can do is lick our wounds. I will see if another attorney might consider the case, but with no assets on the line, I just don’t see anyone accepting. Sorry, everyone. I recall there being communication attempts via telephone, but no one picks up the line, not even an answering machine. Except for the Facebook video that thegbf referenced, KCP/Andrew seems to've simply vanished. Even though I live in the same state, the distance between Orlando and Ft. Lauderdale is, at a minimum, over 200 miles southeast of my house, otherwise I'd try to track him down on my own. I haven't yet heard anything back from the lawyer. Dunno if that's a good sign or bad. I have no idea how long these things take to evaluate. If I don't hear something by next week, I'll shoot the firm another email and ask to have a face-to-face meeting. @Dustin Rauch it does because you can't see the video but i can i thought that was obvious There is a telephone number listed on his BBB page. Call that and demand answers. I believe the number is registered to family. At this point if you think that a refund or getting the book is a possibility, you must be mad. Possible if we get it elsewhere and pay again, but from this guy? Nope. I feel like everyone is banging our heads against the wall on what to do. As I did and maybe if more of us email Anime News Network and maybe they can do an article about the issues with this campaign. I'm sure they have many contacts in the industry and are a very trusted news site. They might be able to track this dude down interview him and get some answers for us the backers. Right... that means nothing in relevance to what I just said. NO i have him as a so called Friend on Facebook .... His Facebook is set to private for wall posts. You sure this wasn't one of those new "Thank You" videos that Facebook is handing out for Thanksgiving? You pick a friend and it creates a video of them with past pictures. They have no involvement. It was posted the 17th of this month so on monday however i don't see any timestamp ... but it would seem obvious that the video would have been filmed recently just to go to his FB page. thegbf, was that video recent? If so, that means any speculation that Andrew was in an accident or some other situation preventing him from issuing updates is groundless. Was there a timestamp on the video or some other way to determine when it was shot? I just saw a video from ''our dear friend'' mister Nevo one of his friends on facebook tagged him he was throwing balls in the air with a silly hat on ... seems everything goes great with him having party's with our money ... Also i think the time has expired for a regular refund even if it was easy enough in Europe that doesn't mean it's valid for an eternity. thegbf, the local attorney is reviewing the campaign. I sent him a brief summary of what this drive was all about, when the book was suppose to be delivered, and our grave concern that no one has heard from KCP going on five months now and we've seen no evidence that a wet proof was even commissioned, despite our requests for photos. I want to warn everyone not to get their hopes up. The attorney may conclude that it's not worth his time or there's not enough ammo for a favorable legal judgment. He's also very busy with his current caseload. thegbf, you MIGHT be able to obtain a refund through your card or bank if you live in Europe. Europeans have far more consumer-friendly laws to fall back on than we do in the U.S. From what I understand, it mostly comes down to if you want to deal with finding out what forms are needed and completing them. @Fred Leggett Jup please go for the attorney instead, you gave some good insides on funding projects of shady organisations but it's not that i will ever pledge to something else than a KS from real company thanks to Andrew .... !!!! Anyway i hope you hear from you're attorney soon fingers crossed i also know a attorney with a big name but being in Europe there might be very little that she actually could do if anything PCs (not PJs). If that's what the new ToS states (it didn't used to), then that's a huge win for project creators and a massive blow for backers. PJ's can now come up with practically any ham-fisted excuse why a campaign that received plenty of sufficient funds is now close to having zero in the bank. This is just mounting evidence that KS's ONLY care in the world is seeing successfully funded campaigns while backers can take a long walk off of a frighteningly short pier. It really sickens me. Hans, if I give you $1,000 to replace my front door well in advance of you actually starting (much less completing) that work, I'm effectively preordering the completion of the task. The concept of preordering doesn't solely remain within the confines of small businesses and multinational corporations, but also between two individuals. And both fall within the sphere of contract law (verbal or written). Despite KS's recent deplorable wording change, Amazon still warns deadbeat PCs that they could be sued for not honoring their explicit agreements with their backers. They would not bother to include this text if the possibility/probability of a suit being won by backer plaintiffs was impossible. Instead, the jeopardy deadbeat PCs put themselves in is very real and entirely actionable. I mentioned casinos because that's the corner you effectively put backers in when they pledge toward a campaign. You are the one championing the "a pledge is not a preorder" mantra, so I can only deduce that you think backers have almost no recourse when being the victim of deadbeat PCs. Ergo, it seems that, in your eyes, KS is no better than your local nicotine-filled gambling den. A pledge is not an investment, particularly in sections like this one. Your pledge does not entitle you to stock in a company, nor does it afford you voting privileges. Plus, you cannot claim dividends or profits from successfully funded projects. A pledge is strictly that which falls under the header of a preorder - namely, remitting funds now to Party B with the understanding that Party A will receive agreed-upon goods in exchange for those funds in a reasonable future timeframe. Any attempt to twist or warp this basic tenet of commerce illustrates an unhealthy bias overwhelmingly favoring PCs over campaign backers. No, I do not think a successfully funded project that still fails to deliver is an automatic sign that fraud has been committed. However, in the case of The Crater and other campaigns where PCs suddenly stop communicating for no stated reason for months on end, it certainly signals that something suspicious is afoot. At the very least, it demands answers that, sometimes, only the legal system can uncover. You really shouldn't take my words as a joke regarding damaging crowdfunding by effectively painting backers into an unwinnable corner against deadbeat PCs. Just how long do you think that sort of one-sided model will last? How much more lost money do you think it'll take before people wise up? Also, nowhere in ANY of my responses have I alluded that any and all campaigns contain already created items. I'm well aware that probably the majority of campaigns are seeking funding toward the CREATION of whatever is being solicited. That still does not nullify the fact that backers are, at the core, engaging in preordering. This will likely be my last reply. I fear the divide between our two respective notions of what crowdfunding is and what manner of protection backers should be afforded is too great to cross. Also, I believe I've gained the ear of a suitable attorney and need to concentrate on that avenue instead. James D White thanks for sending an email to that company hopefully we will get some much need answers as to what happened to this project. I forgot to post a (rather critical) caveat to my Kickstarter rule change manifesto - most of those restrictions would apply ONLY to first-time project creators. If you follow-through with your campaign promises and the majority of your backers were pleased with the results, then many of those constraints would be waived for subsequent drives. Hans, I have a pretty large reply in the works, but it will probably be my last one, as I simply don't have time to keep posting these novella-length essays. Windsor, the point of limiting funding above and beyond the base goal is to combat the very real possibility that too much success can negatively affect a campaign and even sometimes cause it to careen over a cliff. The majority of project creators on Kickstarter are home-grown operations that have no clue what things like "economies of scale" actually mean. They just see pledge after pledge after pledge roll in with no earthly idea how to satisfy a backer base five or ten times that which was predicted. Implementing a funding ceiling would circumvent these runaway campaigns. It's essentially like a credit line. When you first establish one with a bank, odds are it'll be fairly low. As your financial security increases along with your maturity and credit score, confidence will rise and so will your credit line. It doesn't make much sense to essentially force a fifteen year-old kid just wanting to produce and distribute his dream comic to having to grapple with 1000+ orders and the vastly increased amount of money that went along with his cult hit. Admittedly, 300% was me throwing a dart at a dartboard, but it seemed like an intuitively reasonable limit. I hope that clears things up (a bit, at least). I wanted to respond to a lot of posts here, but will keep it brief. I thought some of the Reddit suggestions in Steven Danielson's post were a little much but Fred Leggett... Your suggestions are reaching too far even if I agree with the principle of Kickstarter stepping in more and some of those "preorder elements". I have seen quite a few smaller projects which are using KS as a store (perhaps they don't really have an online store infrastructure) The rule you suggested which immediately stuck out as rough was: No campaign can go over 300% of the base funding goal without further approval. Of course, this would kill Potato Salad which doesn't matter too much but also harm the success of other projects. If the goal is high, it becomes harder to reach and network so that the goal is reach. - They may need additional funding. If the goal is low, they have put a cap on how much they can earn if more people are interested in the project. - PayPal is used instead and KS and the project creator lose out. This also has an impact on pledge rewards as many of the better and more expensive ones are limited. So I can't agree on all points there, but who do I agree with on everything? Otherwise, keep fighting the good fight, Fred. Fred, have you read the TOS (the new one)? It doesn't guarantee refunds on failing projects, period. It stipulates REMIANING funds should be return to backers, this isn't a refund. This is as I said financially accountability from creater to backer, not that it is a preorder Also I'm not sure why you are suggesting casino or donation jig as neither are anything I have said. As for stock market you are investing in companies for monetary return on kickstarter you investing in projects for non-monetary return, so I would say they are very much alike. Furthermore you make it sounds that a failing project is automatically a fraudulent one but that is not the case. As for damaging crowdfunding, I would take that as a joke, given your collected points would remove crowdfunding and only have pre-orders on already created items (most likely only to be used by large company for free promo) Lastly I'm not against installing safeguards, I'm against those you suggested due to they being irrational and mainly based on going to a store and purchase instead investing in a project. Sorry, Atlantic CITY, not Atlantic Beach. Andrew Nevo has taken our money people! Pure and simple. Whether he started out with that intention or not, the fact remains that we are NOT going to get our books, and he is NOT going to respond or offer a refund. We must pursue legal action. Let's all stop pretending Andrew is a decent guy and start working in getting our money back. Stop defending Andrew. If he was a decent person at all, he'd make this right... Starting with a responding to us, and then providing photo evidence of the project's progress. Since he has done neither, he is a huge LIAR and SCAM artist in my book. Hans, I realize Kickstarter isn't a store. There is no pre-existing stock of goods to sell, so in that sense, it isn't like visiting your local convenience store to buy a carton of milk. That, however, is irrelevant to the issue being discussed. In the case of The Crater, the project WAS funded and the project creator has every ethical, moral, and even legal obligation to use those funds towards the production of the described product and to get that product into the hands of backers. Of this there can be NO obfuscation or tangled legalese to grant amnesty to project creators who fail to deliver. This is NOT the stock market. Nor is Kickstarter your local casino. You are supporting the creation of a physical product and the money required for that creation is either met or not met. If not met, then no money exchanges hands and no expectation is assumed on either side of the fence that the product will ever see the light of day. If met, though, then the entire game changes. It doesn't matter if the project initiator asked $1 or $1 million. Once that goal is set and the threshold crossed, the project creator has the onus on him or her, along with all the liabilities that goes along with accepting those funds for that specific and stated purpose. Also, whether or not you believe the ToS supports the preorder principle is also largely irrelevant. The language is clear - project creators are obligated to follow-through with their campaign promises or issue refunds, otherwise legal pressure may be brought to bear. The law doesn't shield people from negligence, idiocy, or even simple ignorance of the market (though that may be accepted as a mitigating factor). If you ask amount Y to fund project Z and you collect or exceed Y, then you are obligated on all fronts to produce Z. Lawsuits are being filed not against Kickstarter itself, but against project creators who took pledge money and ran. I know of three off the top of my head with more being threatened. One campaign in which I participated (Totally Messed Up) has had its project creator already sued by a backer who also happens to be a pretty well respected lawyer. Then there's the infamous Atlantic Beach disaster. At least one playing card campaign is being sued or has been sued with I think one or two others in the wings. And the last time I checked, Radiate Athletics is on the verge of having a suit brought against them. I really don't know why people like you are bound and determined to muddy these extremely clear waters and divorce project creators from just about any sort of accountability. You do realize you're just damaging the whole crowdfunding model by advancing these notions, right? Why are you so vehemently against installing some basic safeguards for backers to enhance credibility and longevity of the system? I would like nothing more than for sites like Kickstarter and IndieGoGo to survive and thrive, but it'll go the way of the Dodo if something isn't done to restore confidence for backers. Making statements like "You're not preordering a product." when you clearly are isn't helping the situation. Kickstarter was created to be an alternative funding platform, not a corrupt method for project creators to make fraudulent statements while pursuing their own personal exit strategies. Kickstarter isn't a store, and the sooner you realize it the better. It is a place to fund projects. Obviously some projects might be similar to preorder, but if you are after preorders it really isn't kickstarter you are after. For one, if a project isn't funded there is no guarantee that the merchandise will ever be available, where as when you preorder in a store it is extremely likely that the product will be available to those that didn't preorder it and there generally isn't a lower limit for necessary preorders for it to become reality (as the production is already initiated and already paid for). I would compare it to the stock market, which some may see as a saving form but it is really an investment form (given companies money to hopefully make more money). Which you can use as a saving form and get money but you are hardly in the position to sue the bank due to bad investments you made and you can only sue the company if they did something illegal / fraudulent. Also if you think the terms of use support the preorder notion you are sadly mistaken. It just more clearly defines what financial accountability the PC have against its funders, and given the funders some legal tools to proceed if you suspect foul play, it doesn't in anyway guarantee any repayment on failed projects (it only specifies remaining funds, which can be 0), Btw what are the legal cases you speak about, as I haven't heard about any legal case being created against kickstarter. The few I found was against backers and I only saw one that was settled (where a lawyer sued a creator to bankruptcy after he refunded the whole campaign) Hans, certain sections of Kickstarter ARE, essentially, a pre-order mechanism. Whether it be comic books, board games, RFID-resistant wallets, pens, etc. These are items that, given sufficient funds and production know-how, should be eminently creatable. The whole "Kickstarter is not a store" rebranding that Amazon attempted was only initiated to shield KS from potential legal reprisals due to the rising number of deadbeat project creators who met or exceeded their funding goals, but still didn't produce anything for their backers and subsequently disappeared. You will note that KS itself reinforces the idea that it is akin to a preorder platform with their own ToS - namely, that if project creators cannot follow-through with their stated promises, then they are legally obligated to issue refunds or find some other satisfactory means of redress. The jig that KS is some sort of glorified donation site, where nothing is either legally or ethically required to change hands, is rapidly ending. You can't request X amount of dollars with the promise to produce Y, then completely forget about Y without there being consequences of varying severity. If you don't believe KS to be a method for preordering products, then I don't much see the point of going through each and every bullet-point that you addressed, as we're clearly trying to speak in different tongues. However, I think you should be aware that your personal idea of what KS is all about and what responsibilities project creators have to their backers is becoming a minority opinion. More and more legal cases are being brought to bear and the writing is already on the wall that crowdfunding in general will be extinct if certain safeguards aren't implemented to shield backers from predatory campaigns and their associated fraudulent project creators. I sent an email to the staff at Animenewsnetwork in regards to this project. They are a large site, well respected and hopefully can get a hold of Kansai Club or maybe Tezuka production's to get us some answers. @Fred From reading your post it seems you believe kickstarter to be a pre-order scheme. It isn't. But lets go through your points: o Funding goals have to cover the entirety of reward production expenses, not partials. --- Hmm, this would sound good, until you realize that part of the reward might be the completion of the project (say a game) that is partially funded through other means. E.g. Divinity: Original sin. Also for most part I haven't seen this issue on any kickstarter (if we look at reward fulfillment outside the creation goal) on other terms than that the PC calculation on the costs was wrong and thus took more money o Funds should be released on a graduated basis and not all at once (this could be negotiated). --- Really, who should set the goals? What criteria should they use? If a project cost more in the beginning than in the middle should they get more money upfront? I see this as wasted expense of my donation if it ever were any. o Project creators (PCs) should be required to publicly itemize their expenses as part of their campaign solicitations. --- This can only be correctly done after you had the expenses otherwise it is estimates (which many kickstarters have with nice pie charts which could as well be dreams). Although I would like to have an short overview of expenses on failed projects (so you know that the money was used for the project) o Stretch goals should first be approved by Kickstarter (KS) staff. o No campaign can go over 300% of the base funding goal without further approval. --- Kickstarter is a platform to support projects, they are not and will never be experts on every type of project launched. And I sincerely doubt they will have the contacts in every industry to get good appraisal of what things costs. o KS should not profit from successfully funded campaigns where the PC can't or won't deliver. o PCs who've collected money from a successful campaign shouldn't be allowed to initiate another campaign until the previous drive satisfactorily met all deliverables and expectations. --- Disagree with those two, but I think kickstarter should make it harder to hide earlier kickstarters, not sure how they could do that (as person can hide behind companies) and I don't think they should create a to big obstacle to initiate a project. o KS should survey backers to determine if a PC shipped his or her deliverables and whether or not those deliverables met expectations. This information should be made public in an easy to read and searchable format. --- Perhaps, but currently you can mark project as delivered on yourself. The big issue here are delays which will happen, so when should kickstarter poll, at delivery date, a year after? I would probably view such question as spam when they come. o Related to the above, if an overwhelming number of backers were unhappy with their rewards (or the lack thereof), the PC should be put on an alert list until the majority of backers have been satisfied. o PCs who completely screw their backers should be permanently blacklisted. ---- As said above it would be nice to have good history on PC's but as you can hide behind companies or other contact persons it would be hard to have this in a effective way without blocking those we want to come out with projects. o Campaigns can only be relisted two additional times in a six month window. If the funding goal isn't met by then, the drive should be considered currently non-viable and not be approved again for at least two years from the end date of the third attempt. --- While this could be a good idea, you should remember that running a campaign isn't cheap and if you fail twice in a short while you probably will only burn money and time if you try it again. o PCs who are more than six months late with their deliverables should have their Amazon accounts reviewed and possibly penalized or frozen. ---- Not a preorder scheme, it is a funding for projects. They run into delays and the date is generally guess / estimate on little data. o PCs should be required to post weekly updates while a campaign is active and at least monthly updates after funds have been released and rewards are pending shipment. --- Disagree, while I believe regular update is the cornerstone of good projects I don't see why it needs to be specified to exact pace. Also what should be done if they don't do a update one month? File a lawsuit? Not all projects are done by companies and I would find a quite bad taste to see a lawsuit against person due to him getting into an accident and not able to write an update at an expected time. o If a PC disappears without making good on deliverables, KS should release his or her contact info to backers. --- No. I think that would generally be a bad idea, as backers are people and people do stupid things when they feel slighted. If contact by lawyers that want to file a complaint, then sure give it away but not random backer. o Pursuant to the above, PCs must supply a physical address and phone number to KS (this might already be implemented). o Depending on prior business history, credit rating, and campaign goals, first-time PCs should have a funding ceiling imposed. ---- No. Who should take the extra founding? Should donations to a project be given to something that isn't the project? o KS should make it abundantly clear to anyone considering using the site that campaign promises constitute a LEGALLY binding contract and that PCs are obligated to fulfill those promises in a prompt timeframe, otherwise they could be sued for breach. ---- Not a preorder scheme. Kickstarter should make it clearer though that funds are to be used for the project and in the case of failed project they will be required to provide documents for what the funds where used for, and if a significant part of the funds wasn't used for the project it would have to be repaid to the backers. Although the PC salary would be part of the project so they could probably hide "other" expenses on that. o PCs must provide KS with a reasonable shipping formula and the results of that formula should be incorporated into all tiers in which physical rewards will be dispatched. --- Not a preorder scheme o The number of pledge tiers should be capped at 7 for first-time PCs unless waived by KS review staff. ---- Fail to see why o Any one pledge tier cannot exceed more than 15% of the overall funding goal. ---- Why? o If it is discovered that a PC used pledge funds for anything other than the fulfillment of rewards (e.g., hiring a moving company to relocate to another state), said PC's Amazon account should immediately be frozen and penalties possibly assessed. ---- Not a preorder scheme. You might want to say for anything other than the project, but it has to be quite clearly the kickstarter funds that was used and it was used in a way that wasn't connect to the project at all. And given that it would be quite hard to prove both those two things I fail to see why you are taking it up (this is probably something that would have to be tried in civil court). o Estimated delivery dates cannot exceed more than six months from the end of campaigns without justification and waivers from KS staff, otherwise drives could be rejected. ---- Not a preorder scheme, several of the more interesting projects on kickstarter have way longer than 6 months delivery time. Note that I'm very tired when I'm posting this so please ignore spelling / tone that might seems sarcastic or insulting as it wasn't intended. @ Fred Leggett Fantastic work! You have my full thanks. Some of those terms are never going to be sanctioned but I don't think any of them are too unreasonable. If there's anything I can do to help then let me know. I posted this to the comments of the Mystery Box campaign, but I think it bears repeating. These policy changes would require a significant enlargement of Kickstarter staff and bureaucracy, but Amazon is rolling in the money with this site, so you can't say they couldn't afford to implement some, if not all, of these restrictions. (These are in no particular order.) o Funding goals have to cover the entirety of reward production expenses, not partials. o Funds should be released on a graduated basis and not all at once (this could be negotiated). o Project creators (PCs) should be required to publicly itemize their expenses as part of their campaign solicitations. o Stretch goals should first be approved by Kickstarter (KS) staff. o No campaign can go over 300% of the base funding goal without further approval. o KS should not profit from successfully funded campaigns where the PC can't or won't deliver. o PCs who've collected money from a successful campaign shouldn't be allowed to initiate another campaign until the previous drive satisfactorily met all deliverables and expectations. o KS should survey backers to determine if a PC shipped his or her deliverables and whether or not those deliverables met expectations. This information should be made public in an easy to read and searchable format. o Related to the above, if an overwhelming number of backers were unhappy with their rewards (or the lack thereof), the PC should be put on an alert list until the majority of backers have been satisfied. o PCs who completely screw their backers should be permanently blacklisted. o Campaigns can only be relisted two additional times in a six month window. If the funding goal isn't met by then, the drive should be considered currently non-viable and not be approved again for at least two years from the end date of the third attempt. o PCs who are more than six months late with their deliverables should have their Amazon accounts reviewed and possibly penalized or frozen. o PCs should be required to post weekly updates while a campaign is active and at least monthly updates after funds have been released and rewards are pending shipment. o If a PC disappears without making good on deliverables, KS should release his or her contact info to backers. o Pursuant to the above, PCs must supply a physical address and phone number to KS (this might already be implemented). o Depending on prior business history, credit rating, and campaign goals, first-time PCs should have a funding ceiling imposed. o KS should make it abundantly clear to anyone considering using the site that campaign promises constitute a LEGALLY binding contract and that PCs are obligated to fulfill those promises in a prompt timeframe, otherwise they could be sued for breach. o PCs must provide KS with a reasonable shipping formula and the results of that formula should be incorporated into all tiers in which physical rewards will be dispatched. o The number of pledge tiers should be capped at 7 for first-time PCs unless waived by KS review staff. o Any one pledge tier cannot exceed more than 15% of the overall funding goal. o If it is discovered that a PC used pledge funds for anything other than the fulfillment of rewards (e.g., hiring a moving company to relocate to another state), said PC's Amazon account should immediately be frozen and penalties possibly assessed. o Estimated delivery dates cannot exceed more than six months from the end of campaigns without justification and waivers from KS staff, otherwise drives could be rejected. What d'y'all think? There is a discussion on KS and possible fraud on reddit that might be useful to your efforts - <url>"Kickstarter" and run for the hills...or s/he might be eager to be one of the first in his/her profession to file suit against a highly negligent project creator. Obviously, we're hoping for the latter sentiment. Wish me luck! @Fred Leggett please do this as time goes on what can we still except from Andrew possibly ? No questions, specifically. I would like to get this resolved and make an example of the situation. Jeff, I spoke with a criminal defense attorney friend tonight and she's referring me to a lawyer that handles civil suits. Presuming it doesn't cost me my spleen, I intend to at least schedule a consultation to lay out of the facts of the situation and see if we backers are entitled to any sort of remedy. I don't have the foggiest idea how such a case would/should be injected into the legal system. It may have to go the class action route, in which case I fear the resultant red tape will be too vast to handle. I also don't know if any one backer can legally represent the remaining 1,104 that this campaign attracted without express written consent from all involved. Still, I think sitting down with a civil case attorney would at least reveal our options (if, indeed, we have any) and what our chances might be towards any endgame. If KCP is reading this, I fervently implore them/Andrew to end their silence and enlighten all of us as to where this project stands. I really, REALLY wouldn't want to see KCP's name dragged through the mud and still hold out a ray of hope that a satisfactory resolution to this mess can occur. However, the ball is entirely in KCP's court. I think we've more than adequately expressed our expectations, so KCP has no excuse to shirk their responsibilities. Assuming that I wind-up speaking to an attorney, does anyone have any specific questions they would like answered? I vote for number 3, Fred, and I nominate you. You have my full, full support. Well, here is the situation as I see it. Andrew/KCP (I'll heretofore refer to the project creator as KCP) set out to present this material in a deluxe, Kingdom Come-like format. The print run was set at around 2,000, allowing for an overrun for replacement copies. Desire was cast and effort was expended, otherwise luminaries such as Ada Palmer and Frederik Schodt would not've been contacted. Instead, they were reached and persuaded to support the book via a written commentary on the title from both, presumably as forewords. I believe both Ada and Frederik completed their essays and submitted it for inclusion. I also believe the text was undergoing translation and that, too, was probably completed. Andrew stated that a wet proof was delivered and ultimately rejected due to a variety of flaws (which is pretty common in publishing circles). From a percentage standpoint, I would estimate that The Crater was somewhere around 90% from final form. All that remained was a proof acceptable enough to be mass produced. This is based entirely on Andrew's campaign updates and what has been gleaned elsewhere. Since KCP has apparently gone silent (for whatever, but probably predictable, reasons) and if we ignore DMP for a bit, I think we, as backers, have three main options. 1) Bandage our wounds, declare a pox on KCP, and move on, 2) try to force a confrontation with KCP via face-to-face contact and possibly retrieve all material relevant to the book, or 3) nominate one backer as a plaintiff in a $52,861 suit plus the supplemental shipping money plus other damages (maybe around $80,000 total). I would personally vote for option 3, if for no other reason than to send a strong message to all absentee project creators that defaulting on a successfully funded campaign is totally unacceptable and will result in severe consequences. That said, I have no illusion that such a large amount will never be deposited into anyones bank account. However, an alternative arrangement could be met by securing any and all electronic and physical assets related to the book, which would then be turned over to the plaintiff. After all, we paid for this labor, so the fruit of that labor should be ours on which we have every right to capitalize. You might ask, "What would that accomplish? We can't get the book printed ourselves!" While that might be true, at least we would have the resources in our possession to continue to the next step - finding a suitable publishing candidate. If enough legal pressure is applied in this fashion and for this purpose, I'm fairly confident winning such a suit would not only be possible, but probable. What does everyone think? Am I making any sense whatsoever or am I delusional beyond any measure of sanity? I heard back from Kickstarter about my lead on refunding our extra shipping charge. Despite us all pledging additional money exclusively for shipping, Kickstarter's allowed Andrew to absorb that extra money into production and says any refund "is something that you'll have to work out with the creator directly." Appalled, but not surprised. I have tried to be understanding but I have seen no proof that the Kansai Club even exists. Their twitter page and Facebook page are basically duds. To be honest, I no longer even want the book. I just can't trust someone who doesn't appear to exist. If anyone knows how I can cancel my order let me know. I don't even care if I get my money back at this point. I think DMP have their hands full with this Tezuka World mess. Let's face it, we aren't going to see this book or our money. There is absolutely nothing we can do. Andrew has decided to be a coward and run away from his problems so now we are all stuck. I'm done with this KS. Let me know when we launch the KS project to print this comments section into a book. To be honest, other than DMP stepping in I can't see any other solution (and even that is a longshot). Plus I have no intentions of paying more money into this project. David, don't let me dissuade you from embarking on a course of action that could lead to the book's creation. I would FAR FAR FAR prefer to have The Crater presented in a deluxe, limited-edition-esque format rather than a standard trade, as what would undoubtedly happen should DMP take control of the property. I admit I was a bit worried when Andrew announced it would be similar to the limited hardcover of Kingdom Come, but he seemed very keen on giving backers such an exotic package (and I was very keen to receive it!). If there's a group of go-getters in here that think they can surmount the myriad hurdles it would take to produce a Kingdom Come-like book, all I can say is Godspeed and more power to you. If this was demonstrated to be a truly sincere effort, I'd even be willing to take a trip down to Fort Lauderdale to secure the necessary files and any other pertinent material. That still leaves the sticky wicket of the money required to accomplish all this. I would think a second Kickstarter would have to be launched, as I just can't see us recovering the funds generated by this campaign. It could be sitting in a bank somewhere, but gaining access to such an account would be extremely tricky without KCP's direct involvement. Fortune tends to favor the bold. I like that idea David. That's a very viable option. The reason I mention DMP to begin with was they have all future rights to Tezuka books, as the print rights leave current alternative publishers I believe they revert to DMP. When the license for the crater leaves Andrew it will go to DMP. Plus I only invested around 35 dollars in this project, I would love to see the book happen but have no intention of putting in more work than I paid into so even if it was realistic I wouldn't take on such a time consuming project for such a low amount I tried to save (if a backed 35,000 dollars then maybe). As i said before i was just offering suggestions how this might be saved. I honestly don't know how this project will end. Perhaps we will be surprised and Andrew will come through, maybe it will be the disaster it seems to be now. I'm done with suggestions, it's out of my control now. BTW, I did hear back from DMP. It was a ragingly noncommittal response that's not worth reposting here. David, I'm fully aware that, if DMP was awarded publishing rights for The Crater, it would, in all likelihood, mean all of us would have to re-purchase the title at whatever price DMP set and in whatever format. Its a bittersweet pill, but at least the title would finally be in the wild for all to enjoy. The option for us backer to collectively pitch together and have the title published ourselves seems, for lack of a better term, incredibly far-fetched. TP would again have to trust completely unknown people to conduct themselves in a professional manner. If I were a representative of TP, I'd be running for the hills at this point. You would, at the very least, have to present a terrifically persuasive business plan, ideally vetted and supported by professionals in the field. You would need to have a printer selected and a fund established that covered almost all expenses. This doesn't even broach the touchy subject of gaining access to the translation and computer files you'd need to even get such an endeavour off the ground. Is anyone up for a drive to Fort Lauderdale? I live in in the same state as KCP and, even then, I'd be leery of what sort of reception I'd receive. In short, I think for TP to even give you the time of day you would have to have this as close to a turnkey product as possible. All your ducks would have to be in the straightest of rows and even then I would brace myself for disappointment. I'm not saying it's not possible. However, to do all this just to save yourself the injustice of having to buy the title twice from a company like DMP just seems like complete and utter overkill. You would also run the risk of getting mired in whatever disasters befell Andrew. I salute your drive, enthusiasm, and vigor, but remember to choose your battles carefully and have the wisdom to know the difference between what's right by your ideals versus what's practical in the here and now. Many, MANY hours would have to be devoted towards a collectivist effort. Things will occur totally beyond anyones control. Your plans will be shredded, have to be re-coalesced, and shredded again. Your patience and affection for this one, single title will be tested time and time again. Are you willing to make such a commitment? Is anyone here? I agree Fred, however DMP (if they did pick up the rights to print The Crater) would be under no obligation to honor a rival company's contract to give Andrew's backers a book (why would they). It would be a new unrelated project and we would need to re back it to receive The Crater all over again. My idea was to work with DMP to make Andrew an Offer to take over this project, that is the only way I think we backers come out of this with a copy with out giving more money. It would change (no leather bound limited edition). IF this might happen we would also need Andrew cooperation to turn over what he has done (IF in fact a Tezuka approved translation was done after all already as he claims). IF Andrew has laid down work on it and DMP could just go on from there then it MIGHT work because it would be an easy transition for them. There is a lot of What ifs here and I don't know if it would work to be honest. Remember DMP is a for profit publisher that has massive Tezuka titles to choose from. it would have to be in their financial interest to do this for them to agree. David, unless I'm mistaken, if KCP breaches their contract with TP (which they seem close to doing), the publishing rights revert and TP can reissue that contract to whomever they wish. DMP would be a logical choice given their intense interest in Tezuka titles and, as far as I'm aware, they've not displayed the same sort of unprofessionalism that has consumed this campaign. I'm not someone in the industry, so perhaps my intuition is faulty. Let's look at this from TP's perspective. The choice is this - continue doling out rope to KCP in the hope they actually validate their commitment or investigate and possibly declare KCP in breach, forfeiting their exclusive publishing arrangement. From what I understand, TP has already been contacted by various people demanding to know the status of The Crater, so they MUST know something has gone awry. For all we know, TP is thick in the process of revoking KCP's contract and is looking for alternative publishing routes. Or, they may think the title should lie fallow for awhile in order to let the sting and negative press of all this subside. Barring KCP pulling the Kickstarter surprise of the year and actually shipping a book, I still think this title's best shot lies with an outfit like DMP. Either way, I guess we'll see how things shake out in the coming weeks/months. Fred Legget About 20 post ago I recommended that DMP COULD be a solution to getting this printed. I suggested that we first see if backers would want to go that route (the project would change). I am pro DMP as a maybe solution. My comment about having a possible self regulated ban (if we all agreed to it) was in relation to flooding DMP with multiple calls asking why Andrew hasn't released the book. Andrew and DMP have no connection.. I was only pointing out that Tezuka productions gave Andrew the lone rights to The Crater in Print form (DMP at this time would not have that). Previous contracts with other publishers voids out DMP's right to release them in print form in English (they do I believe have digital rights). I am speaking as some one in the field. I deal with publishers and excessive calls might make them avoid this project if it would be transferred to them. It was a suggestion. If I gave people the false impression in how I worded it I apologies. I'm thinking of ways to twist the knife here and make Andrew wake the heck up: Does anyone know if the extra $10 or whatever he insisted we pay him for shipping is included in the $52,861 that Kickstarter reports as his total contributions? I understand my $35 pledge was not a purchase but an investment in his project. Non-refundable, got it. That extra money, however, was not: it was explicitly for shipping, and he never came up with a product to ship. I wonder if we could push kickstarter to have him refund us that money. Would be great to see him at least have to come up with that. For over a thousand backers, that's a lot of money he'd need to be responsible for (probably over $5,000), and he might decide that finally updating us is a better option. I'm going to write the robots at kickstarter now and keep you posted. David, I fail to see how opening a line of communication with DMP can in any, way, shape, or form be considered a Bad Thing. DMP has the contacts. They have the record. They have the motivation and the means to get TP titles into the hands of interested parties in this country. If they want to assume the mantle of publisher for The Crater, how can that possibly be considered a negative outcome? Also, the disposition of backers is directly related to the project lead's involvement and transparency with the product's road to creation. You cannot, by any stretch, fault anyone for an upswell of anger and resentment when they suspect they've been cheated or bilked of their money (hard earned or not). Andrew has ALWAYS had a responsibility to communicate with his backer base and that responsibility should never have been shirked or mitigated, regardless of sentiment. Personally, I'm more disappointed than angry, as my investment in this project was relatively minor when compared to other campaigns that I've supported. However, I have a steady income and can absorb this loss. Others may not be so fortunate and their feelings must be respected, even if full of fire and brimstone. In short and IMO, if DMP can rescue this title from the ashes of this Kickstarter, then I say more power to them. Wow, after simply offering a voluntary plan of how this MIGHT be salvaged (and then asking if the other backers would want to go along with this or not and seeing if they had other ideas that they could share). It shocking to see people flip out and be angry. If simply offering suggestions on how we may fix this brings this level of hate I think I can now understand why Andrew wouldn't want to communicate with the backers if something went wrong with the project. Bang on the money Mr Fitzsimons!!! "I think we need to have a ban for backers contacting DMP, they are not involved in this and know nothing of the project beyond what we know. " Uh, excuse you? Okay... rant aside. Realistically we don't have many options if we want to fix this. We won't get any money back from Amazon. Kickstarter say they have reached out to Andrew but they can't force him to teply. Tezuka knows nothing. The contributors know nothing. Does anyone know the name of the printer company that is supposedly being used? And does anyone have any contact details for the Japanese lady who was supposed to translate the original text? @ David W. Tripp Ineffectually throwing emotions?! Jeez... That's what all of these comments are! Yours included! The only difference is that mine are of anger rather than just tip-toeing around the issue. 'So stop with the "it's a con" stuff as well, this also solves nothing and you have no proof.' Do you have proof that it isn't a con? No? In that case then I have just as much right to say it as you have not to say it. No one is saying you can't voice an opinion and I'm not trying to POLICE anything. I was only trying to find constructive ways of how we might salvage this as opposed to ineffectually throwing emotions. If you want to scream and rant go ahead, I would just like to fix this and asked who else here would. This is getting ridiculous. I am willing to help this project in any way I can but i'm not going to stop voicing my opinion just because somebody has decided to 'police' the comments section. There could be a genuine reason why communication has stopped - I accept this. However we need to face the fact there is a very strong possibility that this book is still sitting in the head of a fanboy's imagination. A fanboy who now has over $50k of our money. We have no proof that ANYTHING has happened with this project, absolutely no proof in any way. About four months back, someone claiming to be Andrew's friend came on here and defended him. Can we get some insight from you please? I am still working with Amazon Payments to get this issue resolved. I spoke with them again today and they are investigating the issue. I also contacted my credit card company at amazon's suggestion. My credit card company told me I could dispute the charge by sending them a physical letter detailing what happened. I suggest that anyone reading this contact amazon payments and their credit card company as well. Amazon Payments Customer Service: 1 (888) 280-3321 Yes, let's create some rules in a comment section that you don't have moderation access to. Brilliant. Everyone here has the right to complain because it is OUR money. The project is not being fulfilled. This would be completely different if he hadn't responded in a week, but it's nearly been half a year since he has responded, and over a year since we pledged. You claim there is no proof that we've been duped; so, then, where is our proof that we haven't been? Give it up. The money and materials isn't just floating around out there for us to band together and take charge and create a paperback book. Your ideas and forced optimism are both ludicrous and illogical, so just drop it. People here are trying their hardest to contact anyone they can. Unfortunately we can't even "give up" until we even have the option to get our money back. There is no reason to "get organized," because that's what we initially paid someone else to do. Jesus, man, get real. I'm game to form some united front to save his failed campaign. Let us know what you have in mind. As for complaining about Nevo, at this point i would LOVE to stain his name and make it so this haunts him forever. Knowing that someday he'll get these messages and see that I loathe him makes me feel a little better about what he's done. It solves something by temporarily relieving my frustration with him. Seeing as kickstarter's offering nothing else, it kind of feels like all I can do. I'll hear you out and support whatever you've got in mind, David, but I'll keep my complaining, thanks. Hey Andrew! You're a phony and I hope you feel bad about this. If we are going to get anywhere i think there needs to be some rules for us. I think we need to have a ban for backers contacting DMP, they are not involved in this and know nothing of the project beyond what we know. Now IF we are to use them as a solution to this in the future then it's probably not a good idea to annoy and bother them over and over again. Tezuka's people didn't give DMP the print rights to the crater and I'm sure the Tezuka people don't gossip about their business dealings with other clients. This is like calling Burger King to complain about McDonald's chicken McNuggets. It is as amateuristic as Andrew's behavior. Also complaining about Andrew may be fun but it solves nothing. None of the backers knows what's going on so stop with the "it's a con" stuff as well, this also solves nothing and you have no proof. the evidence is the project may have collapsed, no one knows anymore than that. Let's find out if all the backers first would be willing to settle for a nice high quality paperback version of the book. Let's first find out if this would work for everyone. And then decide where to go. I also want to add we still don't know the official status of the project. For all we know it may still be ongoing. If all the backers can't get organized about this then we should give up now. I like all those plans but only saying it isn't gonna solve anything make work of it !!! I have also contacted DMP before but no response ... but that still should be the best card left our deck left. Of course there is also still taking legal action against Andrew but from what i got in the comments here that proofs to be quite hard not that i would prefer to. I've tried calling his home phone a bunch. I think it's his parents's number, as actually a lot of Nevos come up being linked with that address if you do a little digging. No answer so far, but I'm looking forward to the "my son did whaat?!" conversation if I ever connect to a human. We can't even contact him about $52,000. I'm sure He'd just get right on board and admit what a horrible fraud he is and hand this over to DMP. Why are people assuming that this book is finished? Besides Andrew's word, we don't even know if the book has been fully translated yet. Has any source (apart from Andrew) given official confirmation of any progress? Tezuka? The printers? The partners? The contributors? Anyone? I know, but they still might know something us serfs don't, especially if they've inquired with TP as to the status of the property. I'm sure >someone< at DMP is monitoring this campaign and has similar questions. DMP wouldn't have had any thing to do with the project so far, we still need a plan as backers before moving on. David, coincidentally, about an hour ago I emailed DMP via their current campaign asking if they had any inside info about what's going on with The Crater. I haven't received a reply yet, but assuming DMP doesn't have a problem with this, will forward their answer. I'm guessing they probably don't know anything (or can't say), but hey, at least the attempt was made. "SAVE THE CRATER" Attention Backers Lets stop complaining and find a solution to saving this project. Here is an idea, what do you all think.? If we backers get organized maybe we can cut a deal with DMP to "Save the Crater". Have them take the translated approved pages (and the money Andrew received from the project that is left) and have them release it as a mass paperback like their other Tezuka projects (giving original backers a copy as they wouldn't be paying Andrew). This would require Andrews cooperation of course and DMP may need to start a minor campaign to add needed funds. If we make a plan and present it to Andrew and DMP (I believe Tezuka's estate would love for this to be pulled from disaster) then the book (in a different form) could still happen. I like this idea people. Gregory, were you able to contact Fred? I hate to bring this up, but wasn't Andrew's home address and phone # posted on here at some point in the deep, dank past? If so, was anyone brave enough to call it then? Anyone steadfast enough to call it now? AnimeNation has pretty much shut down. IIRC, only their rental business is still going. I know someone from AnimeNation did a write up on this project when we got update 16. I'd like to see them look into this further. Being a well known site I'm sure the person could get an answer from him. As none of us can get a Facebook or twitter response. DMP launched their 6th campaign (including reissuing) and Andrew still struggling with his update #17 (unfortunately, as it was indicated, all the 16 updates did not show any positive indications). I personally learned my lesson and decided never support a Kickstarter project unless the person would be expert and capable for the work, or at least Kickstarter should start applying more rigid rules over funded projects. If Andrew has the license for both physical and digital releases (which I doubt), then It is impossible for DMP to release it any time soon; however if it is a physical license only, then it is not a problem for DMP to release a digital copy (this was mentioned in their news about licensing all the Tezuka's titles). Let me say IF Andrew comes back and says the project is still ago and gives us updates (with some evidence) I will gladly wait for the book to be finished and be forgiving (I was never in a rush to get it). However he hasn't logged in since June and hasn't read any of our comments so Andrew you can't blame us for our lost faith in the project. I still would gladly except this book even if it is a simple paperback at this point if that is what it takes to finish it. Andrew, I think you're not just being a deadbeat but an idiot. Every day you don't update this is another day for someone to get upset, to write "ANDREW NEVO IS A CRIMINAL!!!" on a message board, reach out to press, the police (why not?), the BBB, and so on. This stuff will FOLLOW YOU AROUND. Jobs will google your name and find people like me. I genuinely think you're a crook and want you to prove me wrong. There are pages on the internet now of strangers discussing your morals, Andrew! Records of all this will last far longer than our collective frustration. If you tell us it's dead in the water, apologize for spending our money on something you couldn't finish, then we'd be done. I'd be upset but I'd move on. But instead, you're dragging this out! What's wrong with you?? I do think it was legit, just went south. Maybe it will still happen (I would love to see it happen). If it doesn't perhaps DMP could pick up the translated pages from Andrew and release it (maybe give the original backers a deal on it). Still a lot we don't know about the projects status. In all fairness this project did look amateur when it was live. I'm sure Osuma Tezuka's name was the only reason this project got so much attention. This project, Kansai Club and Andrew all gave of signs that this project may be sketchy. I agree that Andrew mishandled pretty much everything on this project but we all took a chance and ignored the signs so now we are out our $ and this project is dead in the water. I wish there was more we could do to help remedy this but we will probably have to accept this as a failure. *reason @ David W. Tripp I agree with most of your comment but I see no proof of Andrew being sincere in anything he tried to do. Sure we got a few updates (each with bad news) but they were followed by large amounts of radio silence. We only have his word that this project has seen any development at all. One year gone and not a single picture or design concept. In an age where anyone and their dog can take a picture an upload it to the internet in seconds; I find that very suspicious. Anyway... for whatever readon, I agree that this project is dead. @David W. Tripp : If that's really how it's going to be then at least i hope the license will drop at some point in the future so DMP can take this great title. But i still don't agree with just giving up the money for nothing if that's gonna be how it ends. I'll make this simple. This was not a product purchase like Amazon or eBay where we were buying an item. This was a financial investment in a business proposition (sort of like investing in the stock market) but our returns would be a book instead of money if the investment panned out. When you invest in a business venture and it doesn't work (unless there was intent to swindle as was not the case here) there really isn't anything you can do except move on. Andrew was sincere in what he tried to do but lacked the knowledge to pull it off. Maybe the book will still happen but at this point i just view the project as dead. Nothing else can be done by any one. If Andrew had asked for help near the end I'm sure the investors would have done what we could to make it happen but he had chosen instead to hide from us. This is just one of the risks with crowd funding. This user's account has been deleted. How do you file a complaint with Amazon payments? Status report? Officially over 4 full months sense our last update... Four months waiting for an update we were told was coming within a week. I'm in two minds whether this has been a total scam or just an amateur in well above their head but let's face it... this project isn't going to happen. There isn't a single shred of evidence this book exists. I have set my expectations to as low as possible but I sincerely hope Andrew doesn't get away with this. That should be write off, not write of (in my previous post) Assuming Andrew's silence isn't the result of an accident or illness (something not unlikely and I hope that's not the case) I'm at the point now where I feel I should just write of this project, there could be reasons for many delays for a first timer (that can be legitimate and not the end of the project) but no excuse for this silence. If he is just choosing to avoid us then at this point the book is never going to happen. Unfortunate but nothing can be done. I've kinda been ignoring this kickstarter for a while now, hoping we'll get an update or two but it's getting more and more likely that either this is a scram or has been abandoned. I don't think contacting DMP (you're talking about Digital Manga Publishing, right?) will get anything done because even though they have published Osamu manga in the past, this project has nothing to do with them. @Barbie Anderson you say it so easy but i really don't care about any Charity/miscalculation project this may end up being something has to be done on way or another !!! If only Andrew would just give a response. I even went as far as to contact DMP about this but they didn't seem to take me seriously with this ? ... I asked if they may could contact Kunsai/Andrew about this and maybe work something out because they can't say they woudn't care about something like this but i got no response so that has also been done now. I just initiated a complaint with amazon payments. The creator has not made a good-faith effort to deliver this project. I honestly would have been okay accepting this money as a loss, but the creator's lack of communication makes me feel like he never even tried to fulfill his obligations. Fred I agree with you. I'm sure There's a reason why he has not signed in. A friend of mine disappeared for 8 months no where to be found. It ended up she had a stroke and was in rehabilitation and couldn't talk to give family passwords to emails, FB, etc I have faith we'll hear from Andrew, but if anyone could contact other's who worked with him on this would be great. He can be logged out of his KS and still be able to check the page. I'm sure Andrew has no idea what he was doing, miscalculated and has probably already spent all of the money. I guess we will never know till he posts something but I'm sure he was in way over his head and instead of manning up and admitting his mistake or asking for help he decided to run away and hide instead. Wish he would just grow a pair and update this page. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for your efforts, Gregory. Ada not knowing anything does reveal another piece of the puzzle (even if it's not a particularly big piece). I'm very curious to hear what Fred says. I have to wonder if Andrew's plan to commission a scarily high 2,000 unit run combined with the Kingdom Come-like presentation might be why Andrew has gone underground. 2,000 books is almost double the number of backers the campaign attracted and Kingdom Come was an outstanding production by Graphitti Designs (an eminently professional publisher who used to print stellar limited editions). I wouldn't be surprised if these aspirations combined with the complexity of licensing, translating, and re-typesetting a fairly long prestigious manga made costs skyrocket far beyond fifty thousand dollars. Looking forward to Fred's feedback! I spoke with Ada and she's as much in the dark as anyone. She wrote her intro and has heard nothing since. I strongly doubt Fred Schodt would have much more to add, but he's been contacted as well. I would like to mention that, based on multiple sources and some small anecdotal evidence, I believe the translation and typesetting of the book (at least partially) was completed. Small condolence of course, but amateur foolishness is at least better than the alternative of an outright scam. If Andrew is even bothering to read these comments I urge him to get in contact with me via email at admin @ TezukainEnglish.com as I may have a few suggestions that might actually help him out of this mess. Gregory, if you can get some feedback from Ada, that would be terrific. Even if she doesn't know much (if anything), I think the effort would still have its own reward for backers. Anyone want to try their hand at contacting Frederik Schodt? I'll contact Ada, but I seriously doubt she has any more information than anyone else... I will also say, that I'm fairly confident that Andrew had actually been working with Tezuka Pro, at least in so far as a licensing agreement was in place. So, that does speak to this project being grossly mismanaged rather than an outright scam. I suspect Andrew just got so far in over his head that he has no idea which way is up, and has chosen to run and hide rather than attempt to claw his way back into sunlight. His complete radio silence on this matter has been unforgivable though... I exchanged some emails with Andrew many months ago, as I was trying to convince him to include a signature page to really brand these books as limited editions. He seemed guardedly enthused about the idea and we went on to discuss other aspects of the book's production. The point being that he was very hyped with the prospect of publishing The Crater and seemed very invested in both its content and presentation. Because of this, I tend to think the project was real and not constructed to be a scam from the outset. However, I can certainly empathize with those who do feel like they've been suckered given the lack of communication since Andrew's last statements on here and elsewhere. Maybe Andrew was in a bad car accident. Maybe he ran off to Cancun. It's impossible to tell. However, there might be another way to determine the validity of this project and that's by trying to contact Frederik Schodt and/or Ada Palmer since both were listed as contributors. I personally have no method by which to gain their respective ears, but perhaps someone else in here might. The two might have a better inkling as to the book's status. At the very least it would be interesting to know if they've submitted anything to advance the book's publication. Would anyone here like to make the attempt? Regardless of the situation a wait this long would have sucked, but decent communication would certainly have eased some of the frustration for me at least. Any sign of life, even if it's just to say it's going to take longer. Going completely silent is no way to treat customers, even if it's not an outright scam. This user's account has been deleted. I sent another tweet and added kickstarter themselves to the tweet. I understand there are hiccup's and such, however this extended absence show's much disrespect to the people who had confidence in this project and gave their hard earned money to see this book come to fruition. If Andrew and crew are having issues let us know and there would be less stress and frustration appearing in these threads. I still have faith we will see this book in our hands. I took this from a comment that is listed under the last update from Andrew -- back in June: I'm very disappointed in the way this Kickstarter project was managed. It's a shame that we all put our money and trust on the line to fund your dream of printing this book. Now you don't even have the decency or appreciation to keep us updated on its failure. As per the Kickstarter Accountability Section: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I sincerely hope that you had good intentions when starting this project, as we all still have absolutely no evidence (other than your personal anecdotes of failure throughout the printing process) that any effort was made at all to fulfill these pledges. Seriously, how Kickstarter handels these situations is just pathetic... they don't give a fuck and just take their 5%. There is no protection for customers (or donators whatever) at all. Everyone could take 100.00$ and just run. It's a joke. This is rather disappointing. I figured by now Andrew would have responded. I've backed other projects and by far this is the worst in means of communication and management. It's pretty apparent that we've been scammed and any time any of us messages Kickstarter we get the same copy and paste response. If that's how they deal with these situations; I guess this will be my last KS that I will be funding. It has been over a year since we all gave money to this project. Our last update from Adam was in June, and he states "almost done." However, WE HAVE NOT SEEN EVIDENCE of the books progression. Kickstarter is responding to our complaints with standard/scripted responses. If we could get a real KS representative to look at this page, I feel confident they'd have to do something. Seriously people, we've been scammed and it's time to take action. Still no update in sight. Anything would do at this point, pictures would be highly appreciated. I want to believe that the book will come to fruition but the longer the silence, the least hope I have. I also filed with KickStarter and received the following message: "Hi there, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon." I am re-posting Jeff's message. The lack of proof of progress makes me think we truly have a case. Amazon and/or Kickstarter will HAVE to run a deeper investigation. Let's all get behind this: Dear Andrew, I've just filed a report with Kickstarter as well as the BBB about the Kansai Club. Hopefully that will initiate a response from you. In the next week, please make an update outlining, in detail, what we need to provide you for you to process our refunds. I don't care how much money you've supposedly spent on this nonexistent book's production: without an update of any form, proof that a book actually exists, or any signs of progress, I have every reason to believe you're a scammer and nothing's actually happened. Please prove me otherwise, with actual proof. A lot of people here believe in you and trust that you are a good, honest person: you've lost that privilege as far as I'm concerned. Lastly, if we don't hear from you, I think a class action lawsuit is our next step. In reviewing Kickstarter's terms and conditions, project creators are "legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project" and that backers can use this as "basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises". Kickstarter writes: "We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." In every sense of the phrase, you have not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. This would be a terrible progression for this project but we don't have many other options. @Jeff That is unbelievable. So with a small effort, I could do the exact same thing Andrew has done, with no consequences. This will be Kickstarter's downfall; A den of thieves. @AGH, same here. I'm appalled by this. And also appalled that there isn't a protocol in place for when this kind of thing happens. This user's account has been deleted. From Kickstarter: "At this point, we've already reached out to the creator several times. Unfortunately, we haven't heard back from this creator, and while I'm happy to continue reaching out, we're not able to force a creator to respond. I'm sorry that this has been a negative experience for you and the other backers of the Crater project. Pledging for a project is pledging your trust and support in an idea that you want to see come to fruition and I'm sorry to see that this creator did not fulfill what they set out to do. However, Kickstarter is not a store and there is no guarantee that project creators will be able to complete their project as they originally intended." Submitted another ticket to Kickstarter and received response: "I’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised..." @Jeff Thanks for the update. Fingers crossed. @AndrewNevo Assuming the project is at the point you claim it is; I will happily take my book now. I don't care about a fancy cover or wonky printing. Just send me the individual pages and I will put them in a folder. This is a serious request. Just received word from the BBB that they have reached out to the Kansai Club and he has 30 days to respond. A G H - Typical that's the case. I tweeted to Kansai Club just to see if I'd get a response. They have not used it sense some time in 2013. This is kind of getting stupid at this point. It's almost October... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Stopping in to see how things are going...same as always! I was looking into projects that go bust or dont get funded and found this comment "EVERY Kickstarter is paid through Amazon Payments. Amazon collects the money then sends it to the creator. Of course the creator probably has a credit card/debit card and bank account attached to their Amazon Payments account so if the creator doesnt deliver what was promised, Amazon will refund your money and either deduct it from their account, or put their account in the negative and put a hold on their account until the situation is taken care of. So even if the person gets away with your money, amazon will still refund out of their pocket." I tried reaching out to kickstarter and got a lovely canned response about them checking in with Nevo, but I'm not expecting to hear anything. If he think he's gonna come away with leaving this as it is he's got another thing coming !!!! I still want it with the extra stuff even if it's paperpack you think that could be done without much effort he's gotta do something or he's just stealing money heck make a deal with DMP to still get it out i think they would be glad to help us out here since i don't think Tezuka pro would ever approve of something like this again. Throughout this project, I have went from being patient, concerned, then frustrated, then trying to forgive all the hiccups this project has made, but now I'm just flat out disappointed. I've even promised myself not to comment anymore on the project, but with all of the recent comments posted, my sentiments are the same as everyone else. Any hope I've had for this project and any sort of sympathy I've had for Mr. Nevo has passed. Proof needs to be presented or a formal apology and explanation needs to be given. Even that is asking for too much from Nevo, apparently. @ Jeff Well said. If necessary I will join a lawsuit. It might not get very far but I refuse to let Andrew wriggle out of this with more fake tears. Dear Andrew, I've just filed a report with Kickstarter as well as the BBB about the Kansai Club. Hopefully that will initiate a response from you. In the next week, please make an update outlining, in detail, what we need to provide you for you to process our refunds. I don't care how much money you've supposedly spent on this nonexistent book's production: without an update of any form, proof that a book actually exists, or any signs of progress, I have every reason to believe you're a scammer and nothing's actually happened. Please prove me otherwise, with actual proof. A lot of people here believe in you and trust that you are a good, honest person: you've lost that privilege as far as I'm concerned. Lastly, if we don't hear from you, I think a class action lawsuit is our next step. In reviewing Kickstarter's terms and conditions, project creators are "legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project" and that backers can use this as "basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises". Kickstarter writes: "We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." In every sense of the phrase, you have not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. This would be a terrible progression for this project but we don't have many other options. Does anyone even believe the sob story at this point? Until I see invoices and proof that they were paid, it's just that - a sob story. I've backed many things on Kickstarter almost 20 in the last 2 years. This is the only one other title has been delayed was a video game but I get constant updates and photos. This is the only backed title I've never received a picture for... That worries me. After all this time not even concept art? A test print? I have accepted and come to the realization this project is as good as unfulfilled. I first learned of Osamu Tezuka in the 1960's with the untranslated HINOTORI. I collected as much of his work for over a quarter century before English translations of manga became popular in the USA. Tezuka's cinematic storytelling allowed me to "read" his work without being able to read Japanese. I was eager to read THE CRATER when it was successfully funded 15 months ago. 15 JUN 14 was the last update about THE CRATER saying it was not ready to ship or, more precisely, not ready at all. The 1,105 backers of this project have pledged 15 times the $3,500 goal. Perhaps the staff of "two unpaid workers" bit off more than they could chew or dreamed too big with a super deluxe English edition. Either way, there are 1,105 people who are eager to be told whether or not THE CRATER is officially ON or OFF. Does Kansai Club Publishing still have the funds to at least print a trade paperback in English so its disappointed backers could at least read the book if not adore a high level hardcover of the book with bells and whistles? I regret that THE CRATER has become a money pit for both Kansai Club Publishing and its backers. Perhaps one of Mr. Nevo's 594 friends, or his other unpaid worker could inform the backers of his project as to the status of THE CRATER, Kansai Club Publishing, and/or Andrew Nevo himself. I do not expect a refund since I knew that pledging to a Kickstarter project is a gamble. Most of the Kickstarter publishing gambles I had taken have been delivered. Other projects such as films are still in the works. But for any goodwill that Kansai Club Publishing still retains, it would be best to inform its backers whether or not THE CRATER is DELAYED but PENDING or merely DEFUNCT. Do the backers have to contact Osamu Tezuka's estate in Japan to learn the status of this project which they eagerly and financially supported? The silence on the progress of this project is deafening. errata: "fulfilled his promises", "his business acumen", "would not have minded reading" Apologies for 2 a.m. typos *sigh* Three months since the last update. Nevo/Kansai Club may have had good intentions, but there comes a time when perfectionism must give way to reality. So, what the printer first delivered was less than the pinnacle of perfection itself. I would rather have had it (with, perhaps an apology about the what the printer did wrong that was beyond the Kansai Club's control, or what was not done to follow their clear instructions) than nothing, Throwing good money (his as well as ours) at this project after first getting it wrong made no sense. It was simply another wrong decision. Digital Manga Publishing/Platinum Kickstarted --and delivered-- Tezuka's BARBARA.. I regret Mr. Nevo did not feel it prudent to ask advice from others, created for himself such grand expectations (and passed them on to us), and initially believed he could fulfill he promises with (initially) a meager $3,500. I hope he lack of business acumen has not poisoned the well for others to get the rights from Tezuka Pro for projects yet to appear in English. (There's one about the history of the bird civilization that rules Earth after the death of humanity -- and another about a feckless samurai who cannot commit seppuku, is rescued by a fox spirit, becomes a handsome hero, then returns to his former self prepared to complete what honor compelled -- that I'd love to read in English). *sigh* I was really looking forward to The Crater, and would not have minded Does The Kansai reading a basic trade paperback of it rather than fruitlessly wait for Kansai;s bells-and-whistles edition. Does anyone know if The Kansai Club, or Mr. Nevo, still exist? @Stephen Aguila Realistically there will be no refunds. Andrew's sob story in the previous update has seen to that. His claim that he is a broken man and has spent so much of his own money in this project, means that we will probably hear something like... 'I am just as disappointed as you are but we're all in the same boat here'. or 'The money has already been spent on printing/binding/paper and there is nothing left to give back'. Sad but true. If we are refused refunds then I am guessing that receipts, statements and e-mails etc... need to be kept for tax reasons? I am not sure entirely how that works in the US but maybe that is a route we could investigate? Time for a refund! ridiculous. i wanted to get this for my little brother's birthday, last year. this year's birthday has come and gone, and i still have yet to receive my promised book. It's been like 15 months since this kickstarter ended at least for the longest time we where getting updates with exception of one other period. That aside Yesterday Andrew was onlhings to him and was very gentle to him, 3 minutes later he was logged out so he got tine on Facebook so i went to his chat box as fast as i could ... Did not matter though i sad two the mesagge but ignored it once again i was so pissed off. It's only been one year, but I agree. So much for this. I can't believe it's been over two years already. This is going to be my first and my last kickstarter project I ever back :/ At least when we contacted Tezuka Pro we force updates from Andrew. Contacting Kickstarter is truly the pointless choice since they have never intervened in a project yet that I'm aware of. Can one of Andrew's buddies who came to his defense post some sort of update or info? Legal action is pointless. The amount of money that would be spent pursuing this (and this would have be in full court, as the amount being sought is larger than any one states small-claims limit) would cost way more than anything we'd get back. I'd also advise people NOT contact Tezuka Pro over this. They have no control over the project and bothering them won't accomplish anything. Maybe it's time to go back to Kickstarter and see if now enough time has passed for them to do something? Yeah. This is getting beyond ridiculous. I'm just going to leave this right here: <url>"I will be posting another update this week with the new dates for when the books will be shipped once we receive the updated schedule from our printer." *Six weeks later* Can we please get an update sir? *tap tap tap* Is this thing on? *crickets* I would love to hear the reason why it is so hard to log in and post an update, preferably with some pics. zzzzzzzzzzzz soooo are we looking at December 2016 for a shipment then? Come on Andrew at least give us something it doesn't have to be an update saying it's done or something and a picture would be really helpful ... could we get an update soon? :( This is getting ridiculous. Not even a single update in six weeks? Culler, not Kuller....my apologies. Bad iphone! @Kurt Kuller - Bang on the money response there Kurt! At this point, I think I will likely get my Kickstarter funded Hexo drone than this book. And that one isn't set to be delivered until May 2015: <url>"donations." Per Kickstarter rules, "We’re all in favor of charity and investment, but they’re not permitted on Kickstarter." (<url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." (<url>#faq_41860), I sincerely look forward to the successful completion of this project. In the meantime, at a bare minimum, I would like to see regular updates -- even if they are brief! -- with relevant, new information. I would hazard a guess that Andrew could dramatically cut down on the number of individual inquiries and complaints he receives by e-mail, mail, phone, pony express, etc., if he took just a few minutes to log into Kickstarter and post a status update every few weeks, regardless of whether the status update is good news or bad news. Andrew certainly isn't obligated to keep us in the loop, but it would be kind to those of us who supported him and pledged to this project and, as noted above, it would probably be much easier on him to post one group update every few weeks than to try to deal with dozens or hundreds of individual inquiries. If Andrew chooses not to communicate with us, then he needs to accept the consequences of his choice and understand that his silence and/or vagueness feeds anxiety and distrust. I hope that the second run of books from the printer are beautiful, and I look forward to Andrew's next update! I don't think they would send the books without an update. :) Has anyone received a book yet? Personally, I think this project is real. People can do what they wish, but I won't be filing a report with the Better Business Bureau or the Internet Crime Complaint Center. I don't think this is a scam. I think Andrew underestimated the difficulty, and for some reason has an issue with updating. We'll see, of course. (Andrew, a few pictures of one of the "prototype" books with its flaws would still be welcome.) Just thought I'd post a link to the "Captain Ken" Kickstarter, with a few related links. The "Captain Ken" project has already been funded, and the 2 volumes will also be available commercially after the Kickstarter backers get their books. The project is being done by the company that Tezuka Pro made a deal with almost a year ago, and who has had 3 previous successful Kickstarter projects. Kickstarter -- Publish Osamu Tezuka's Shonen "Captain Ken" Vol. 1 & 2: <url>"gah, this is taking longer than we thought - please bear with us" kind of update) 2. Some kind of proof of the books existence. I - and many of the other backers - just struggle to wrap our minds around how Andrew just can't quite seem to comply with these relatively simple requests. It's not that hard to upload a picture onto the internet. Hell, I'd settle for a pic form an iPhone. Delays are one thing. Delays + lack of proof are what is killer. I absolutely agree that people are taking it too far by calling him at his home, but so much of this could have/can be quelled by these two acts and until if/when Andrew actually does there are going to continue to be upset voices from the masses. I want to calm my tits, and these two things would do it for me. Thanks Daniel for the perspective. Threats and harassment are not cool, however I can't stress enough that the problem is not with the DELAY of the project but that the faith of the backers was seriously damaged by the total RADIO SILENCE for six-months. I believe the vast (almost all) majority of Tezuka fans that backed what is obviously a labour of love would be completely understanding of the various unforseen pitfalls that struck a complete rookie in the publishing business. Ignorance and bad luck could be seen as par for the course. However, the total lack of communication (even to people like me who Andrew initially reached out to for help promoting the project) opened the question in people's minds... is this incompetence or is it a case of malicious attempt to defraud us of over $50,000? The $100 or so most people pledged is not the issue in that case... it's the principle of the matter. Of course, with zero communication here on the project status, and the taint of the "got the money and ran" sentiment, people felt the need to a) track down Andrew wherever he might be "hiding" and b) try to contact (and complain to) the only other people that could potentially answer the question of incompetence vs. malicious intent... Tezuka Productions - because if Tezuka Pro said they did have a licensing agreement with Andrew then he's just in over his head and could be cut a lot of slack, if they didn't, well... So, let's not get confused here. People aren't upset about the multiple delays... but rather that this, without any proof to the contrary and no communication at all, was beginning to look like a scam. Since Andrew broke his silence a little while ago and started providing people with explanations and updates, I think Tezuka fans have felt better. We're more than happy to work together to see this project get done, but the experience of being left out in the cold has left people extremely skeptical. I'd suggest posting a pic or two of something that looks like the project actually exists in a tangible way... even if that's just a cover proof or a jumble of printed pages. That would go a long way to restoring faith as to what the problem is. Having said that, I believe Andrew has learned a very expensive life lesson here and that the books will get printed sooner or later (and that we will all be very happy with them when they do). So I'm willing to continue to give him the benefit of the doubt, and even offer (again) whatever assistance TezukaInEnglish.com can do to help. I'm pretty disappointed with how aggressive some people have been. Faith in humanity has decreased immensely. it's not like he HASN'T updated ever (see the otakon game - crisis heart brawlers - complete with down websites and facebook accounts), but he has said many times in those updates that there are plenty of things out of his control. if this is your biggest worries in life, I'm seriously worried about your future. no project in or outside of kickstarter is without potential pitfalls and delays. You all need to learn how to play nice with each other and relax a little. and maybe read, since from those updates it's been obvious to me that he's been doing his best. But I guess I'm less of a OMG I NEED IT NOOOOOOOOW kind of person. Thanks Daniel for that really long and well written background info. Can you please post some pics of the book with the next update Hey Everyone, I am a backer of this Kickstarter just like the rest of you. I have also been a close friend of Andrew's for many years. I'm writing now to give you all a little perspective on this project, the mistakes that have clearly been made throughout the process and how beautiful the end result is going to be once you hold it in your hands. When Andrew first told me about his idea for this project over two years ago, I was skeptical. I knew how much he loved quality, classic manga, but I honestly didn't even think he would get as far as getting a license from Tezuka Productions for this project. He's just one American guy who loves manga and Tezuka, as most of you surely know, is basically the "Disney Corporation" of Japan. With the help of only one part-time intern, Andrew put countless hours into the preproduction process, from drafting business plans for Kansai Club, to negotiating the license with Tezuka, conceptualizing the presentation, and calculating the costs of production. Andrew has never published a book before and on this last point he admittedly miscalculated what the actual costs of the production would be. This is why the total amount actually pledged is so much higher than the original goal, as well as why he had to ask the backers to increase the amounts for shipping. Now that the book is actually being printed, the total actual costs are so much higher than what he first estimated that he will likely not even break even on this project. Andrew does not have staff or really any assistance at all for this project, apart from his part-time assistant who has not really been available to help out for the last several months. He has personally reviewed, edited and corrected each page of this 600+ page tome countless times. On the other end, each page of the book has had to go through a lengthy review process on Tezuka's end. They are a large, bureaucratic organization and each element of the book must be reviewed by multiple different departments within the company. As the terms of the license for this book require Tezuka's approval for everything, each stylistic and textual decision made by Andrew was subject to this excruciatingly long review process. This is one of the main reasons the release of the book has been delayed. Each step of the production process has been beset by delays and virtually all of them have been outside of Andrew's control. I understand that, now that the book has gone into physical production, the quality of the initial printing's cover/binding was not up to the appropriate standard and had to be fixed and reprinted. Throughout each step of this process, on both ends, both Andrew's and Tezuka's, extreme care is being taken to ensure that the final product will meet the standards of quality that any publication bearing Tezuka's name must have. Unfortunately, ensuring this level of quality has come at the cost of production delays but once you hold this beautiful book in your hands I know you will see that this is a production of the very highest quality. I completely understand the frustration many of you have expressed in your comments. To me, there are two mistakes that Andrew has made throughout this process. One, as mentioned above, he miscalculated both the total production costs and production time. But I agree with many of you that he should have provided more updates and information about the causes and expected length of the production delays. Those of you who are frustrated have every right to be. Having said that, to say that Andrew is ripping people off or running a scam here is simply not true. Producing this book has been a full-time job for him for two years and he will make little, if any, profit from it by the time the books reach your mailboxes. It would be impossible for him to live off of the backers' pledges and all of this money has gone to the production of the book. He has had to work another full-time job to support himself during this time and, yes, he may have gotten in a bit over his head and neglected to provide updates or responses to inquiries as diligently as he should have. The bottom line is this: THE BOOK IS REAL. IT IS AUTHORIZED BY TEZUKA PRODUCTIONS. IT IS BEING PRINTED NOW AND YOU WILL RECEIVE YOUR COPY. My email address is <email>. Although I am not involved with the actual production of the book, I have observed Andrew working through each step of this very long process and would be happy to provide you with any additional information I can provide. So, YES, Andrew should have updated more. YES, it was an amateurish error to have to ask everyone to increase the amounts for shipping. But this project is REAL. And when you do receive the book, you will see that it is beautiful as well. This is upsetting... what little faith I had left in this Kickstarter is gone. Did anyone ever successfully reach Tezuka Productions to confirm that they did, in fact, have a contract with Andrew and, if so, whether they ever received and/or approved any draft of this book? face it, this dude clearly ripped us all off. Good thought Misty. Why am I not surprised? Think Kickstarter would give us the time of day at this point since he still hasn't posted pictures and the timeline he gave us seems to be full of it? I asked Right Stuf, who had no news and said they haven't received any books: <url>"Kansai Club Publishing" is a scammer and that no further projects should be allowed with Andrew Nevo. I will also report him to the BBB (www.bbb.org), to the government (www.stopfraud.gov/report.html), and to Tezuka Productions (www.tezukaosamu.net/en) since it's possible he actually never contacted them for this, thus it's copyright infringement. You should all do the same either in June or now if you are more skeptical than me, as it's possible he'll just keep making an update every few months saying "Ohhh darn, looks like the printing was pushed back yet again!" until he thinks we've forgotten about this. He's not even responding to anyone's messages. It's not rocket science nor does it take infinite time to log in every so often and respond to some of them. Even if you didn't back a lot of money, think about it - this guy is getting multitude of "small" pledges which added up to getting away with free 50k. That is NOT okay. He hasn't ever even updated with a photograph of a physical sample copy of the book or shirts, anyone can slap together graphics for updates. We should've seen the red flag when he asked everyone to add an additional $2-5 to the pledges. Of course I'll be glad to eat my words should we actually receive the goods. But if we don't get the books in June, don't just let this slide again folks. This Kickstarter is the reason I don't believe in God anymore. A picture! Finally a picture! This update has left me reasonably confident we may actually get our books (albeit almost a year late). I don't for a second think those dates are gospel, but i'll be more tolerant next time we're left hanging. New update is live! @Jeff, I'm sorry that this has been a bad experience for you, and I share in your frustration. However, I've backed several projects, and there are really a lot of creative and talented people who do produce the goods. They maybe sometimes late in their delivery, but they keep reasonable updates. This will be my last kickstarter, ever. Such a bad experience. @Damon English How dare you, say were nuts. We paid for something and we want was promised. Andrew has pushed back the dates for this book several times. Its almost a year over due. @Damon English It must be nice for you to live in a world where £50 is toilet paper. I sense the majority of us don't think like you. We have all invested money into this project, and we are entitled to get our panties bunched if we aren't seeing any progress. This book wouldn't be in production if it wasn't for us backers. Andrew is sitting on $50k of our money and can't be bothered to update us, even though he is constantly missing the deadlines he sets. Oh, yeah. 53 Dollars is still nothing to worry about. You guys are nuts. 10 weeks or 10 months, is it really that important to freak out over 35 Dollars? If it's failed don't waste your energy, then if you get your reward somewhere down the line you can be pleasantly surprised, or you'll do more research before you back another project. I've backed over 300 projects, so I'm nuts, but in a different way. Some people don't update because their minds don't work that way, others because they had to fire the guy who did the updates, these things happen. I didn't think I'd ever get my Phone Soap, but I did, their updates were every 6 months or so. I backed Far East in 2011, they update all the time and I still haven't gotten my book. Has it been 10 weeks since the last up date in January has any one gotten a book yet ? Is the anything we can do to get our money back. Andrew has not replied to my messages via email (direct), Facebook, Kickstarter, or the kansai club website. He also did not reply to any of the attempts to contact him by phone/fax/mail by the Better Business Bureau on my behalf. Even if he does not have time to reply to everyone's messages individually, it would take him less than one minute to post a simple update on Kickstarter. There is no excuse for the lack of communication. As noted in my earlier comment, the BBB told me, "If you wish to take your complaint further, you may want to try contacting the Division of Consumer services at 1-850-922-2966 or their website at www.800helpfla.com. You can also try the Attorney General at 1-850-414-3990 or their website www.myfloridalegal.com." I am trying to be patient, but Andrew's silence is mind-boggling. I plan on contacting these agencies and seeing where it leads, if Andrew does not post a satisfactory update soon. In the meantime, I would like to know what Tezuka has to say. For example, did they receive a printed copy of the book from Andrew in late January, as he said would happen in the last update? What is the status of things from their end? If anyone obtains this information or is currently in the process of contacting Tezuka, please be so kind as to post this information here. This is the FB official page for Tezuka pro, You can message them (English or Japanese) regarding this project. At least if you want to make sure <url>"File a Complaint" button on the left and the process is very simple. The BBB closed my case and told me, "BBB has made several attempts to contact the business regarding the above referenced complaint. We regret to inform you that we have not received a response from the company. BBB develops and maintains Reliability Reports on companies in our service area. This information is available to the public and is frequently used by potential customers. In the case of your complaint, the company's failure to promptly give attention to the matter will be reflected in the report we give to consumers about them." The BBB also told me, "If you wish to take your complaint further, you may want to try contacting the Division of Consumer services at 1-850-922-2966 or their website at www.800helpfla.com. You can also try the Attorney General at 1-850-414-3990 or their website www.myfloridalegal.com." I have not yet pursued any of the alternatives noted by the BBB, but felt this information may be of general interest to other backers. So, another month has passed with no updates...great. So did the physical copy get sent to Kansai Club? Pictures? Have they heard back from Tezuka for printing? Looks live we've been had again by this one. I wonder how long until we all should just give up hope. Has anyone else had difficulty getting a hold of Kansai Club? I've requested a refund after the price hike on the book, and haven't received a response. I had to contact Kickstarter in hopes of digging up a number to call. I can't say I'm floored with their customer service so far. I can't tell or remember if I've updated my pledge enough..anyone know how to check how much I need to pay over all and how I can add more if I need to? That's more like it! Another update :). I have absolutely /no/ issues with this book being delayed as long as we are kept informed along the way. Really looking forward to getting the finished product in my hands. Despite what I said in a previous comment... if this project ends well and i'm happy with the book, then I would definitely consider buying future Kansai books. @D Rain: Now! From the previous update: "I will be posting another one by Wednesday (January 15) with a list of the exact dates that everyone will be receiving the books and all other goods in the mail." It's now the 16th, so when will we actually be getting this update that was promised? Very unlikely to happen but pictures would be appreciated. Andrew we understand you're busy but could you please take five minutes and camera-phone us some tasters? Maybe some of the special cover or the first few pages? I would love to see an update with some pics if possible This is going to be BEAUTIFUL!!! "Regarding the Kickstarter project and lack of communication with emails, it has proven to be too much work for a single person to do taking into account the time and preparation required to make sure that the book was completed." I don't understand what prevented logging in to Kickstarter and writing a 1 sentence update to let us know that this was still happening at any point in the past 3 months.There was time to log in, update, comment, and change personal Facebook several times but not to communicate at all to the people that backed this project with over $50,000. That's not just concerning it's wholly unacceptable. Thank You Andrew. I look forward to the book. An update! We got an update! Genuinely relieved but I still can't get my head around the radio silence. I mean, sure it must be /alot/ of work for one person but hey... he could have left us a brief message in the comments section while on the toilet! 2 minutes is all it needed. Regardless... I'm glad everything is back on track and Andrew hasn't disappeared or had a breakdown. sorry i meant 15 times their projected goal. This is my second-ever kickstarter I've backed and will be my last. It's a shame that kickstarter can't get to the bottom of this. i might believe that if they didn't make 30 times the amount of money they projected. they made over 52,000 off of us so i can't imagine its a money issue. At this point, I'd even settle for a less fancy binding (I'm willing to bet $$ that production costs for this wound up being much higher than anticipated) if it was a choice of that or no book! Ian, I've backed 80 projects and this is only the 2nd project where I've had the guy disappear on me. Kickstarter tries hard to weed out the scam artists, but they can't catch every one. I think this is less of a scam and more of someone getting in over thier heads and too scared to admit they can't deliver what they promised. I think at this point we all admit we just want the book and don't care about t-shirts, stickers, hoodies, etc. I'm sorry that not only we by Tezuka Pro got burned by this. Thankfully, DMP has a license for everything now. We might see a digitial edition of The Crater so where down the line. I've never been burned on a Kickstarter project quite as bad as this. I guess I was due since there are a lot of BS Kickstarters out there. I'm just curious what KS does about these things? What's stopping me from making a phony project and profile and making a ton of cash and just dipping out? If this keeps up more people will see an opportunity to abuse KS for a quick buck with no repercussions whatsoever. So either KS needs to find a way to enforce these projects or less people will trust this site and everyone will lose out crowd funding. This is probably my worst experience with a kickstarter project. I've been waiting for over a year for another book I helped fund, but the difference there is we get updates at least once a month. It is very disrespectful and in poor taste to let so many down with this project. Just a simple update is all we are asking for to put the fires out for another month at least :) Just sent a message to Kickstarter's support regarding the lack of updates on this one. Doubtful I'll get a decent reply, but thought I'd try. Hopefully we hear something soon. I called the phone number listed on Buzz Feed. Got a generic answering machine message. Asked them to update the Kickstarter page. We'll see what happens. Has anyone tried calling the phone numbers posted for Kansai Club Daniel, thanks for clarifying on the matter, especially since you were a backer on the game and I had very little details about it. It was hard for me to make a comparison on a project like that, since I wasn't a backer, but am just trying to justify the inconsistent updates for The Crater, reading on other Kickstarters with problems and trying to find similar patterns, if that makes sense. I guess I'm more concerned about this project because this is one of the first projects where I've given a bit of a higher amount of money than usual, where other projects I only donate a few dollars, but this one I was very passionate about so decided to go as high of an amount as I could. I'm not sure anyone was the same way, but that's just my take on it. Speaking of Mr. Andrew Nevo, I messaged him on Facebook like I mentioned and he hasn't even read it. Trust me, it doesn't make any sense to me either. @jrrosio Spooky timing... I'm a backer on the Homestuck project and last night (for the first time in ages) we were updated! There is a big difference between the Homestuck kickstarter and this Tezuka project. The Homestuck game was sold as a very basic seedling of a concept. It was pretty much one video, a few pictures and some big ideas. All the backers knew it was going to be a long haul as they're essentially making a game by scratch. We also have no issues getting personal replies from the creators if we message them direct. Kansai however were selling this Kickstarter as a nearly finished product which if I remember correctly was supposed to be ready to sell at that convention thingy in August. We have had no physical pictures of the book in progress (bar a couple of edited stills at the beginning) a few updates (most with bad news... shipping etc) and radio silence since October. No-one for love nor money can contact Andrew and everyone (rightly so as we have all invested our own money) is getting worried. If Andrew has checked this Kickstarter page at all in the past few months, I can't fathom why he isn't trying to put out the fires and put everyone's mind at rest. Doesn't. Make. Sense. I'm referring to the Homestuck Adventure Game, one of the most funded projects on here. I didn't back it (or had any particular interest in the project), so I am unable to see what exactly is going on, but the last update I can see is from January 2013. Most of the comments I can see (albeit the random, nonsensical ones), lots of people are wondering where the updates are, but someone has said what's keeping the specific project from continuing or updating is "reasons that just simply can't be disclosed currently and are out of their control". So, in other words, who knows if that's what happening with this project, but it seems like they're left in the dark as much as we are. I am just hoping we don't have to wait a year to get an update. I apologize if me mentioning the other project seems irrelevant, I guess I'm still trying to find some kind of optimism for this project. @jrrosio Are the backers of that $2m Kickstarter in the same boat as us or are they in contact with the creator via other mediums? Anyone brave enough to call the phone number posted on Buzzfile? I'm sending a Facebook message to the creator's Facebook profile right now, since someone else has mentioned doing so. I am still hesitant on calling it a scam. I hate to mention it, but I found a Kickstarter project that received around $2 million in funding that hasn't been updated in a almost a year, so that kind of made me realize that there is some hope to this one...maybe. I was trying to be diplomatic but Marcial is right. Andrew had /no/ issue with asking for more money, why should he have a problem updating us about delays. I would love for this book to happen and i'm trying to convince myself it will... but.... every bone in my body is telling me that it's not going to happen. I'm not saying it is a scam but something has gone badly wrong along the way. <url>" Destroy All Monsters " DVD/Blu-ray, Toho made them pull every copy from stores because of a couple still images in the extras that they didn't check off on) so a delay is very forgivable and understandable. However the silence is making people nervous and even a "Sorry but we are still waiting for such and such" would be fine for us as long as we know the project is moving forward. This is not an insult to Kansai or Andrew. I still hope this project moves forward. I just would like some communication. I think that's fair to ask. I had typed out a reply yesterday that I didn't post, as it came off sounding incredibly apologetic, but I think it needs to be said for anyone who does not have experience backing many projects. Based on all I can tell, Kansai has no publishing experience. Based on every project I've backed, this has a 100% chance of meaning the project will be pushed back extensively, as publishing is much more time consuming that these creators realize. I would be very willing to bet Tezuka Pro hadn't even finished signing off on everything by the time the October update was posted. While I would definitely prefer to hear even an "Oops, this isn't happening for another few months", I understand that it must be incredibly difficult for Andrew to come here and tell a thousand people he severely miscalculated, and he's instead holding out that "tomorrow is the day I have good news". The fact that this is a project with very well respected names involved means that this project has a lot more clout behind it than a large number of the projects on this site. Yes, every backer should have the understanding that the project may fizzle out and disappear at any time, but this project has a lot going for it. In conclusion, we're all rooting for you, Andrew. We've already made it through the shipping problems, and we can make it through a few reports of "everything is happening more slowly than anticipated". I contacted both commentators, they each were quick to reply and neither has heard anything from Kansai's end. Each promised to update if either heard anything. One commentator stated that the translation had definitely been completed, but I don't know if that was just Kansai stating such or if the commentator had read the translation. Business ventures born of passion for an item/cause usually have bumps--mountains, sometimes. These are not seasoned executives doing their same old, these are people who often can't get the answers to their questions regarding services (printing, etc.), until they have money behind them because money talks. Or maybe these folks just didn't perform their due diligence. In any event, there's much that could happen before the cause needs to point directly to "scam". I don't condone the severe lack of professionalism from this radio silence, but there's no need to get slanderous and accusatory and raise hysteria, either; it's equally as immature. ~C.C. To be fair we don't know that this is a scam, we do need a status report however. I am still hoping this book is still a go but if we don't hear something soon.... This project has reduced my faith in the goodness of crowd-funding. I also reported this project to Kickstarter just a minute ago. Hopefully Kickstarter staff will come through and give us some closure. And to be fair, Kickstarter does disclaim responsibility from having to ensure the creator comes through. Worse, IMHO, is that they will "take this into consideration" if they list another project. Why does something so reeking of scam not automatically disqualify a creator from another project? Luckily, I have backed successful projects before and since, but I can see an experience like this burning people from the experience as a whole. That said, next time I will listen to my gut and pull out if I start getting bad vibes on a project like I did with this one. Kickstarter really doesn't do much in these cases. There are plenty of projects like Sullivan's Sluggers where the creator didn't fulfill their end and basically have gotten away with it. I'm from Europe too, so about the same amouny of money for me. I'd also like to retract the apology I made for my harsh comment. I was right after all. This guy has £50k of our money and won't even spend five minutes to give us an update. Yep over $100 for me too. I really want this pursuing.....to not come out and say squat is extremely poor. I also hope it doesn't lead to less tezuka being available as none of us want that....surprised kickstarter haven't done anything or conveyed anything despite many of us sending in complaints....as this type of thing harms the whole underpinning principles of kick starter.....mind you kickstarter never replied to my request to them regarding this either! Wow, I would be so glad to only loose 40$ on this, but I'm from Europe and pledged for 2 books so shipping would be cheaper... lost 140$ on this Yeah the real troubling thing is that their silence has been since October or so.. I pledged 40$ which is 35 for the book and 5 for the shipping and Im listed on the pdf as one of the first 500 backers to get the cel. I never got a survey in an email or here in kickstarter. I sent an email and a message in kickstarter to kindly address this.. all the way back in October.. and never got a response. Scammed. Its a shame it had to be something so special like a Tezuka book.. Im a real admirer and fan and the fact that this won't happen and I won't likely get my money back is a heartbreak (though much more about the book never coming to light)... :( merry christmas everyone :( David, those are some good points. Digital Manga had a great success with Triton of the Sea, although that was a year ago, but I know they also did Swallowing the Earth and Barbara. I was actually considering the option of emailing one of the "guest" writers, but never got around to it since I wasn't successful in my email to Tezuka in English. I think Mr. Schodt would be that easy to reach (he seems like a very busy guy), but was thinking about sending an email off to Dr. Ada Palmer. Not sure how much success would come with it, but it's worth a shot. Actually Digital Manga Publishing now has the rights to publish all Tezuka works and since they have had huge success with past kickstarter Tezuka projects I don't see them being stigmatized by this in anyway. Still hope this project goes through however. Has anyone tried contacting the people writing the intros for this book? They may know something about the state of the project. I am now concerned this is going to have a negative impact on future Tezuka translations by other people. Tezuka Productions won't want to be associated with this sort of thing and potential backers are going to be twice shy. Well he just updated his facebook two hours ago, so he still uses that. I messaged him on facebook (didn't add him to friends since I doubt he'd accept it) regarding this project. That's another valid point. Future Projects. Presuming this one somehow sees the light of day, do Kansai really think anyone on this project would invest in another book with the way they are treating their customers? Terrible, terrible way to build a fanbase. At this point I just want the truth. If Kansai have screwed up/lost the money/not been given the go-ahead by Tezuka/have personal issues or just don't have the capabities to finish this project. I just want the truth. Kickstarter responded to my support ticket a few days ago and said they tried contacting them as well. They also said that this could affect any future projects that Kansai Club tries to do on here, since they told me in their reply that they would "take into account" of the lack of updates not being provided to us backers. I just wish the creators of this project would take responsibility and provide an update to explain what's going on. To my knowledge, no one has. To be fair though, Kickstarter has also tried contacting them and that hasn't seemed to pan out yet either. To be fair, I'm sure that these people really did start with the best of intentions, but clearly *something* has happened here. Even when they were communicating to say "Um, we kind f*ed up on the shipping and you're going to have to pay more" they were at least providing updates. So for them to go from semi-regular updates to absolutely nothing plus the radio silence? Something just isn't right. Has anyone actually tried calling them, they have a phone number listed on their manta.com page. i checked the whois info about the website but they registered the domain through a company called domains by proxy. which block all info. <url>"The new North American publishing company Kansai Club Publishing has announced that it is releasing Osamu Tezuka's The Crater manga in English. ANN has confirmed this announcement with Tezuka Productions." From the start I think they intended to publish the book; I don't think they would have gotten a license for it otherwise. I don't think they should have asked for address information, though, until Tezuka Productions had approved a final version of the book. I hope they post an update soon, regardless of what the news is. Also, for what it's worth, here's a page with a podcast, apparently recorded in May. Anime 3000, The Kansai Club - Manga Corner (25:09): <url>"that guy", but between the constant demands for an update and the nonexistent supply of said commodity, it might be time to break out the "S" word on this Kickstarter. The four-lettered "S" word, to be precise. Which ends in "M" Any updates? I would like to know at what phase of the production we are at? Can we have an update please - even if it's to say "we're running behind schedule" we would be happier than not hearing anything. Still haven't received the book, what's up? I'd like to add my voice to those asking for an update. I'm starting to get worried I'm really curious to know how often Andrew or Kansai check this page. I'm not sure they do at all. Has anyone actually seen any photos of this book? It's concerning that we are this far into the project and we have been shown nothing. I've also noticed the lack of activity among Kansai Club's media outlets such as their website, Twitter, and Facebook, and agree that it's really hard to be patient (I'm trying so hard to be patient, I promise!) knowing that it's been a while since an update anywhere. Look, I don't like how commenting makes it seem like we're "pestering" them, when really, it's not like we're being totally irrational. We're just asking for another update, please. Even Kickstarter's Help section says that "If the creator hasn't posted an update, send a direct message to request more information about their progress, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update." It doesn't sound like they're answering direct messages, so this is the best we can do to see what's up with the project. I am planning to give it as a present this year. and yet.. . hello? I might add that your twitter (6 months), your facebook (7 months) and quite possibly your website are all appear abandoned. You can't blame us for feeling very skittish at this point. I am trying to be patient, honest. But the last update was 10/10. At that time you stated that items should be shipped by early November. Tomorrow is the last day of November. And there has been no update. I don't think it's too much ask for a new update at this point please. :-/ hey guys what's going on with the crater? Will they be here in time for the holidays? was there a shipping mistake. time for a new update. I think we should all calm down. Things happen, and really it only makes things worse if we just hound on Kansai. After the shipping mishap and all this pressure, the last thing I want is for Kansai to give up on licensing manga. There hasn't been an update since early October. (The one that said you would send the books by early November). It's almost December now.... Update please? OK...so now we are on Thanksgiving Week...and it's been a while since Update#10... Tick-Tock....Will it be in our hands by Christmas at this point???!? So Whats going on with this? It's near the end of November and nothing. Agree, an update would be nice Can we have an update please When are you shipping out the book? Update please. I'd also like to know the status of the project. It's been quite awhile since there was an update. So where does this project stand? I recently switched addresses and I'm not sure what to do in regards to the project...also is there a size chart somewhere for the tshirts? Are we going to see an update anytime soon? Any idea why 2XL is missing from premium shirts list? I apologise and am happy to have been proven wrong. I still think communication has been weak but better late than never I guess. On the free shirt, there is nothing larger than XL. And on the premium shirt, 2XL is missing. Any info on why that is? I pledged at the gravy train level and added the $5for shipping. I received my survey today and can anyone tell me if I am supposed to receive the free shirt or the premium shirt? I didn't even know there were two different shirts. Surveys are going out, so I imagine the book and swag are nearing completion. I don't think its too much to ask for some updates at least in the comments section. It is $50,000 out there of our money. I've had to wait almost a year for one of my other kickstarters, but at least we were getting updates once a month. On reflection my previous comments may have been a bit harsh... for which I apologise. However my concern remains. There is no other website for backers of this Kickstarter. Has Andrew seriously not checked this page since the last update? Not even once? That worries me. Excuse the grammar and punctuation. Was on my phone. I'm sure Andrew and co are very busy trying to sort out the logistics of the project. What bothers me is that they're obviously not checking this Kickstarter page... At all. If they were they would see that there are some disenchanted backers and they should try to set the record straight. The shipping fee increase was a school-boy but forgivable error. The lack of communication though screams of unprepared amateurism. How do they know they will get the a-okay from the company? There was no pre-agreement. if they don't then there's no product. I'm prepared to be proven wrong but I have a feeling my money has been 'lost'. I started getting worried way back when they so completely screwed up with their shipping charges. As well aware as I am of Kickstarter projects taking a long time (for example...my friend just got his award today from a project he backed a year ago, but I do not want to join a contest of "the longest wait for Kickstarter rewards"), I just feel, like with many other people, that an update would be nice. I am still patiently waiting and do not regret my pledged amount, especially since I am passionate about the works of Tezuka and was ECSTATIC when I found this project, but I always check the page every few days and wonder what's up. This user's account has been deleted. I have no problem with the delay. but hell, they could inform us the update. but why was the book delayed. They are way off the schedule they made. Everyone should calm down. We were told on August 27th that the book had been sent to Japan for authorization, and it's been little over a month. Once they've approved the book, we should get an update. Most of you are new to Kickstarter and don't understand that delays usually happen for one or another reason but, in the end, we get a product that is worth the extra time in development. the books been pushed back several times without any real explanation. I'm a backer, I gave my money for this book and I want it within the time they promised. They are two months behind schedule, all I want to know is why, and when am I going to get my book. Wanting this long is wrong and will hurt any plans for future project and any fate I have in this company. They're robbing us with the wait. An update would be nice. At this point I need a refund. The project is taking too long plus I sold most of my comics already. :( Give it a bit more time, guys. It's fairly common for project creators to "go dark" after a campaign ends and when they get really knee-deep into whatever they're producing. I don't think the current lack of communication is anything to worry about (at least, not yet). Alan, have you emailed them directly or through KS? I am starting to feel we have been scammed. should we report it? I'd like it if they would at least respond to my messages regarding a change of address.... Agreed. The communication on this kickstarter has been very poor. It doesn't have to be a literary epic... just a quick update would be nice. Would be great to hear an update from you guys. Just hearing ANYTHING would be great right now! why there isn't any update for almost two week. hello.. ? Hello ! Any news ? I sent a message about trying to change my shipping address about 3 weeks ago and still haven't head back from you. How can I get this done? I'll be moving at the end of October and do NOT want my book going to the wrong address. Hey having trouble with getting everything squared away with my Amazon payment service. I wrote in my address and billing information wrong and I had to wait to try again. Is there any chance I will still get the book if send in the additional 5 dollar shipping fee through Amazon today, or does the lost shipping fees only apply to those who requested the shirt and posters? Since no one has e-mailed me back, maybe fellow backers can clear this up for me. I'm from Canada and as far as I knew, I didn't need to add $18 to my pledge for shipping. It's been a while since I've heard anything about this project so I checked a couple days and now it says everyone needs to add money to their pledge for shipping. I tried contacting Kansai Club about whether or not I need to, but I've gotten no reply. Are there any other Canadian backers that have updated their pledge? If I do need to, how do I do that? This is my first time using Kickstarter and I have no idea how. Thanks for your help every one! Have you started shipping some books yet? Any updates? Its been a while I haven't had an update or email in a month. Just wondering what the status is on this book. Doesn't look like Kansai Club will be publishing any other Osamu Tezuka after this as the rights to publish Osamu Tezuka titles digitally in English have been rewarded to DMP, with options to release in print later. Hopefully I'm wrong. I disagree. The total lack of any update is making me feeling uncomfortable. The "time of eve" kickstarter already asked for my adress athough they don't ship until february. @antonia: Makes sense. Thanks for the clarification. @Sean: They will send out surveys in a couple of weeks. The books won't ship until August so the closer we are to the actual shipping date, the better the odds for no one moving. So you guys are supposed to collect our shipping addresses soon right? Any updates coming soon? I second Jungle Emperor Leo, If Im not wrong its also a pretty good size to release as a single omnibus. @Vinicius: It might have been a problem with Amazon Payments not registering your change. If you were going to change it to $0, the proper way of doing it was to cancel your pledge so that it would be immediately reflected on Amazon Payments. I'm another who added $2 and had the pledge amount not stick. So it's finally done? =D Glad I managed to donate $80 for it. Also, could I make a suggestion for the next project or the one after it, though?.. ^ ^" Because I'd really like to see 'Jungle Emperor Leo' coming out in English, something that other major manga translating companies won't see done anytime soon for various reasons... Thanks ahead! Guys. I managed my pledge to $0(because of the changes in the international shipping), but my card was charged $53. Already sent a message you guys, amazon payments and Kickstarter. Please, check your inbox. Regards, Vinícius Braga Thanks for the clarification! I'm sure the remaining copies will be sought after through retail. I'm really looking forward to the book. Can't wait to read '8-sided mansion'. several projects I have pledged to lately have reported the problem with pledge changes not sticking. It had never hit me personally until now. They all eventually posted that it had been 'worked out'. No idea how, but it might be worth messaging Kickstarter to see if they have something in place already. Mine has done the same. I upped my pledge to $40 yesterday and it has only charged $35. .... and I just realized for some reason my pledge is still @ $35 I KNOW I changed my pledge amount to $40 once the added shipping fees were announced, so I don't know what's up here. Is there any other way I can send you guys the additional $5? Congratulations on the funding! Good to see a spike of backers take the numbers past 1100 right at the end. I have another question... You mentioned that the book is 3/4 complete and the final digital copy should be completed by July 15th. What are you going to do about the Florida Supercon July 4-7th? Are you still going to attend without the book ready? Shipping is probably 45$ for a total of 80$ Quick question! I live in South Africa. Is paying 60$ enough for the 35$ reward pledge with the shipping? oh hey, you've passed 50k dollars congrats @John: Hi. Since this Kickstarter is to print a translated version of "The Crater" there is no intention to offer the original Japanese volumes. Hi I don't know if this question has been asked but I was wondering if we could also get the original Japanese text version? Hi Shafinaz Custom has nothing to do with the shipping price. Shipping price is the cost to ship the item to you. Custom is what you pay in your country because you purchase something outside of your country and is having it sent to you (import). It is on top of the shipping cost but like what Russell said below, if its a gift than there should be no custom for some countries. For you since there is no custom for books it wont matter if its a gift or not but the shipping price will still be the same. @Shafinaz Your pledge will need to be a total of $80 for The Book reward level. Hi KCP I'm in Malaysia and we do not have any customs tax for books shipment. So is it possible to lower the shipping price? Hope to hear from you soon as my pledge depends on the shipping price. On a different note, how large a size are the t-shirts going to? This has a bearing on if I opt in or out. I am actually in Canada but support a lot of Kickstarters and ship them to a US address. I bring them across the border as gifts every time with no issues. Technically the book is a gift. We are NOT buying a book. We are making a DONATION towards the licencing, translation and publishing of the book. The book itself is a gift for the donation. It is just like making a donation to a PBS telethon and getting a gift. So for customs purposes it is quite fine to label them as a gift. That only helps some countries. It would for Canada, not sure about the UK. This may sound obvious and If it has been answered elsewhere then I apologise but I was just wondering how far along the book is. Is everything translated and are the designs ready to go once kickstarter is finished? Thanks for looking into it. I think if you declare the book value as a book, or omit it, as for the UK its customs value is 0, and the other items as freebies or of minimal value, you should be okay. If the value outside the package is higher than the limit they are supposed to read the invoice (potentially opening the package). @Johnathan and @Ossian If you guys think that KCP have misread something, please take the time to send them and e-mail and let them know. Help them sort it out and let everybody else in on any changes so UK backers can adjust accordingly before the end of the project! Yeah - if the book isn't clearly declared then its value could take the package value over the £15 (it came down recently) tax-free allowance. The tax isn't the issue so much as the additional £8-10 handling charge that the PO will add for processing any taxation @Mark Jonathan's right. KCP misread the UK's customs guidance. The highest a T-Shirt can be tax free is £18. Strictly speaking the postage cost should be included in that but there are ways of declaring it that can avoid this. @Johnathan KCP addressed that concern for UK backers in update #3: "NOTE: Whether backers from the UK choose to receive a t-shirt or opt out will have no effect on the cost of import duties to the UK. There will be no custom duties owed for these items as the value of all reward categories (with the exception of the biggest one) are valued at under £135. Similarly, the cost of VAT duties for the t-shirt itself will be under £0.40." I think as long as you add the correct shipping cost from the chart in update #4, you should be getting a t-shirt. Again, you could always send a direct e-mail to these guys or message them to be sure. Then post the response here so everyone else is in the know! Actually UK customers might do well to opt out of the shirt - books are VAT and import Tax free, but shirts and other items are not. The last thing anyone wants is to be hit for a small tax fee and the rather large Tax handling fee charged by Royal Mail. How can I tell if I am getting a shirt? @Bo. According to the last update, I think you can opt out of the shirt and save $3. Send a direct E-mail to KCP just to be sure: <email>. Quick question. I only have a day or so before I leave for a place where I wont have computer access until a week after this ends. So Im one of the unlucky people who will get the biggest price increase. The message sent out by KCP mentioned opting out of the shirt thing, but they did so in the section for american backers. Can others also opt out of that for the discount? Either way I guess I'll be forced to up the pledge until or if I learn the answer. @A G H - you still haven't received your copy of Sullivan's Sluggers? Has anyone outside the U.S. obtained one? I can't really fault anyone for canceling their pledges after these shipping revelations. However, try to keep in mind three key aspects of this production - its limited availability, its gargantuan page count, and the very aggressive presentation of the material KCP is planning for this title. I think those of you who do abandon this project due to the increased shipping cost will later suffer from non-buyer's remorse. I would strongly suggest that, yes, you should air your grievances, but at the same time weigh the opportunity cost of declining a purchase versus the savings you'll attain. Also keep in mind that, while this campaign has become wildly overfunded, KCP has to commit to manufacturing that much more product, so I seriously doubt they'll be taking a vacation to Cancun after the book streets (probably more like a crazy party at the local Applebee's). Personally, I think the current pledge amount ($47,454 as I write this) is actually the more realistic figure for a project of this caliber. I can't imagine $3,500 would've been enough to cover much of anything production-wise. Far less ambitious Kickstarter drives have far higher (and more reasonable) funding goals. Anyway, the tl;dr version - don't be rash and do something you might later regret. Eat ramen for several days and try to pick up an extra day at work that week. That's my wooden nickel. @A G H. That is a great point and exactly why I don't expect KCP to carry the burden of pulling something like that. With that said though, I have done group buys before and it requires some reputuable who can constantly comunicate well. I'm not to familiar with the Tezuka fan base as this will be my first introduction to his written work. Perhaps there does exsist good candidates out there for this role. This user's account has been deleted. I think it might to much to ask (as well as a liability risk) for KCP to bulk ship a number of books to a central shipping center overseas and etcetra. However, I wonder if these guys can setup a online forum in the next day or two so that overseas backers can work out combined shipping on their own. Just a thought. Opps...I think I may have gotten my info wrong, but the sentiment is the same as Riccardo's! @Adam KCP stated that they are using Kickstarter as way of presale-ing the books (I believed it was mentioned in the video). I believe their initial goal of $3.5K was a way of making sure they are some books sold to assure the Tezuka folks that their legit and as proof that KCP is able to handle future releases. Also, to me, $46K doesn't mean much because I have no idea how much money they've put in and what are their costs are for license, publishing, translation, legal stuff and etc. The number that I can relate to $35+shipping, which to me seems to be a bargain for the book! @Jeremy: your post is reasonable, and for me too was quite good to receive a book like this with cheaper shipping costs. In fact was hoping it would be under 2 kilos (4 pounds) because i know price for shipping over that weight are in the 45$ range... Maybe could sound a bit harsh, but what makes me wonder is that people mix things up, i hope that the resign backers are from outside USA and Canada, because for the first is just 2$ more pledge and if they make it a moral-etic matter is quite childish. KCP told since start they were short of 25.000$ of investment in the project, but they were not sure they could make it real without some people buying it, so it's why IMHO they put a lower goal (100 books), to make sure they could achieve the goal and be sure to have someone to show interested in the book. In my thinking they saw many people outside USA were interested in the project and they found shipping costs were too high to cover with the money. Yes they made a wrong step, as many others, but here is a matter of trust, kickstarter is pledging a project not pre-order something (like it seems is like for videogames projects here for some known companies). How is it that there is over $40000 raised beyond the initial goal and backers are asked to add more for shipping? There are plenty of Kickstarter horror stories (Sullivan's Sluggers comes to mind) and I'm afraid that this project is joining those ranks. I'm rescinding my pledge. I'm not questioning the quality. Let me be upfront with that. But I'm used to importing, paying import fees and rather high postal prices which I do normally find a good balance in and calculate in advance as well as possible. I went in with what was given to me but that has now changed. As it stands now I would pay more for shipping then the items itself. I'll be holding out till 2 or 1 day to go to decide if I'll up my pledge to $80 or cancel. There is just one thing that count and is the fact that someone as me wil be *burdened* by 27$ of shipping costs, period. Let's make it clear 500+ pages book, hardcovered, numbered and limited at 35$ is a *very good* price and it's why i jumped here, i like a lot the book and i will not drop my pledge, for this time i put trust in KCP for the first kickstart project. I don't mind the t-shirt thing anyway, now the shipping costs will cover it, and if KCP say everyone will have t-shirt also if it sound "strange", we'll see, surely i will not up my pledge anymore since the end because one time is enough for me. I do hope the tips i told in the past days will help them get cheaper shipping costs in the future kickstarter projects (maybe with a amazon stockplace in europe for instance and so on). I was hoping it would not have been such surprise because i think we'll not get to the 1.500 books sold that could have been possibile earlier (and so get inside the book). Also i was thinking to get a book more for a gift to a close friend, but will ponder until the last hours being short for other pledges... Never had to pay so much for stupid shipping ever i still payed the stupid 45 usd that i won't get any out of i even had to go to amazon again, i hope that means i at least still get my animation cel that was only for the first 500 where i was in, i was in the first 200 for that matter !!! If this weren't Tezuka i'd probably would have canceled it @Jamie. So you are okay with someone gouging your pockets up front but can't appreciate that some people (eg Kansai Club) are trying to get a book to you as cheap as possible? I think Kansai Club could have gouged our pockets from the very beginning and save themselves this headache and scorn. @Ossian Hawkes -- Oh, I get that. The problem is, I don't think this Kickstarter was underway *before* the last postal increases. Someone else mentioned LEANING GIRL, which I also back, and which specifically addresses these concerns up front. I ordered the recent Suede album from the UK and spent a ridiculous amount for their limited edition, mostly getting dinged on postage--so your pain is something I can understand. I at least knew it going in. Also, it seems to me that every move that the Kansai Club is making is getting oversight from the Tezuka folks is very reassuring as well! @Daniel The increase in shipping cost by USPS caught many projects off guard (have a look at the NeoLucida) and are having the same issues regarding collection of additional funds from backers after this increase. It seems to me that Kansai Club IS trying their best to find the best compromise, so I take that as a good sign on their part. If you want to see a terrible Kickstarter project and utter sketchiness...please look at the Blue Laser Lamp...it is a TOTAL mess! @ Mark. Very true. I've imported many a trinket from Japan and USA and i'm familiar with hefty shipping costs. Just concerned with how far out the shipping costs were. To offer a t-shirt in with the bundle they were clearly expecting extra expenses but to not do proper research into the basic shipping costs is fundamentally flawed. I have no doubt the final quality will be superb as they're clearly big fans themselves and want the book translated as much as we do. However... It leaves me wondering whether everything else was properly budgeted... Will this shiny deluxe cover be payed for or will we need to chip in an extra $10 at the end?! Leaves me wondering... @Daniel Have a look at the shipping cost for the Leaning Girl project. Its $30 for the paperback and $45 for the hardcover. Keep in mind, that book is at 176 pages and the total cost for the (for Int. buyers) paperback is $30+$30 while the hardcover is $100+$45. Given that this book is a hardcover book with more than 500+ pages, the Crater is still at a steal with the shipping costs. If anybody is peeved, I would be glad to buy extra copies of the book and sell it on eBay at 3x the cost...that way, the shipping rate will "look" more reasonable. $18 to $45 dollars is a massive difference. Well over double. I'm really looking forward to getting this but i'm seriously weighing up whether £29ish shipping for a £23ish book is worth it. I know you want this book to be of the highest quality possible but wouldn't it be more sensible (and logical) to release this one in paperback? Get the product out cheaply to as many happy fans as possible, then release future titles in swanky hardback with more financial backing. As much as i want this book, i have to cancel, $80 is horrendous, with shipping being more than the actual book itself, even if the book is of such high quality, not even to mention that there's an exchange rate making the price go even higher, sorry but this whole thing was planned out terribly. Hope every else gets to actually enjoy the book though, seeing as I cant now. This user's account has been deleted. Ok I changed my pledge amount. Expensive, but I do want the book & cel! Also...these guys are new at this so maybe we should give them a break. If you are really disgruntle about the shipping cost, take it up with your congressman.... <url>"budget" for the t-shirt might not add up to the new costs of the additional pages and new postage increases by the USPS! "The best laid plans of mice and men often go astray." ~Steinbeck @ Jamie. Spare a thought for those of us in the UK where a $2 increase has become a $27 increase! That kid's going be able to buy a brand new bike soon! @Paul I agree with you 100%. This all still irks me. We're talking a campaign that has exceeded its goal by more than 13 times with a week left to go. What was the initial number for? Why weren't goals made to cover cost accurately, and stretch goals thought through so that buyers weren't being punished? If you elect to change the product and it effects your shipping, as publisher, that's on you, there should be preorder price guarantees. In fact, there kind of are, since when we all authorized our pledge, the language at Amazon basically says "you will be charged NO MORE than $x." Even if all 1,071 backers currently pledging are in the U.S., that's $2,000 more being backended onto this project. As you said, essentially money apparently funding T-shirts we are opting out of. Let's not even count the added $3. I feel like I'm in BETTER OFF DEAD, and Kansai Club is the newspaper boy on the bike. "I want my $2!" Mark, my question is, why are they printing 900 extra "free" t-shirts at all? That suggests that there's at least a couple thousand dollars in their budget they decided to spend on shirts. I don't see any basis to spend that money on t-shirts when they're simultaneously asking the backers to pay extra for shipping. @Paul You forgot that they are expanding the book as well! So the cost from that plus increase in shipping and the cost of a t-shirt is probably beyond the overhead that they can afford. There's something that's still baffling me about this whole t-shirt and shipping costs issue. It was announced that "free" t-shirts would be produced for everyone who ordered a book (over 900 people), and the shipping costs for the t-shirt would be $3, and that an additional $2 shipping would be charged for the book. I'm not quibbling over the cost of shipping, but I question how sensibly the budget for this project is being managed. These t-shirts, presumably, aren't free. Even if someone was printing them for pennies, the shirts themselves cost money. It's pretty difficult to get t-shirts custom printed, even in an edition of a couple thousand, for less than $2-3 per unit, because of the cost of the shirts themselves. Presumably shipping the shirts isn't free either, and the $3 cost is in fact for shipping (and not for shirt production costs). So my question is, how the heck is there room in this Kickstarter's budget to produce 900 t-shirts at a likely cost of at least $2-3 per unit, and yet there's not room in the budget to pay $2 per book in additional shipping costs? Only about a hundred backers were pledged for a t-shirt at the time the "free" shirt announcement was made. It seems clear that there was a simultaneous decision to both increase the order of t-shirts, and charge the backers shipping. Why is the money being spent producing "free" t-shirts not instead being spent on book shipping? Who is managing this budget, and what was their rational for making this decision? I emailed Andrew on Tuesday about my confusion over the shipping situation, and he explained it to me in a prompt reply that made it a bit clearer why they chose to ask for additional funds for shipping. However, the more I thought about the t-shirt situation, the less sense it made that they could afford to print t-shirts but not to ship books. I emailed Andrew hours later asking what the per-unit cost was on the shirts, and why they chose to produce 900 additional shirts when they needed to ask for more shipping money. Three days later, I haven't received a reply. This is not an issue of my two dollars; that's reasonable for an unexpected cost overrun. This is about a series of events that, the more I think about it, makes me wonder about the competence of whoever is in charge of this Kickstarter's production budget. I'm not about to cancel my pledge, but I would like some answers. So yeah, I imagine shipping update has to be coming really soon? Only 7 days left. @A G H, while I don't believe this book has already undergone production, there are campaigns out there in which Kickstarter is not the sole source of funding, but only a supplemental adjunct towards product creation. Look at the Veronica Mars KS. The producers are now saying they need additional millions before filming can begin. Whether this was incredibly poor planning on their part or a carefully calculated scheme to gauge audience interest and amass seed money is anyone's guess. However, I've seen (and backed) projects with funding goals that were obviously too low to street the product. In those cases, other revenue streams must've been in place to bridge the difference. @KCP: some news on the shipping costs ? (four days as passed without updates) I am pondering if i i can add one or a two more book but surely the weight will be heavy and shipping will make it really difficult. Also i don't want to lose the pledge order since i was one of the first and don't want to lose the cel. An extra $2 ain't that bad. Looking forward to the book. Sounds like they've relaxed their ToS if they're allowing tiers of 10 or less. When the prohibition was announced, it created a firestorm of criticism from both project initiators and backers (with a few supporters). I personally didn't understand how such a restriction was suppose to protect investors, but (at the time) KS apparently thought otherwise. For campaigns that don't offer multiple reward tiers (like this one), creating secondary accounts is still the only alternative apart from convincing project coordinators to slot additional tiers. If you have a look at other various projects (such as the NeoLucida), nobody anticipated this much problem with shipping. The US Postal Service has a looming debt for the longest time and wanted to cut service down from 6 days/week to 5 days/week. But for one reason or another, the federal govt didn't allow this to happen, hence there was an increase in the price of all services and alot of projects have been dealing with this issue as well. The fact that the Kansai Club are trying to find the best (and cheapest) solution without compromising the quality of the book or have everybody pay an one rate increase is saying alot about their commitment to the ideals that they set forth for the Kansai Club as well as their commitment to us readers! This user's account has been deleted. @Fred Thanks for that explanation. I'll be careful about that from now on. @Reid Do as Fred suggested (create a new account). It's true that many kickstarters use addons to get additional copies, but in this case the books are limited to 2000. If Kickstarter has a rule that selling already-manufactured products is not allowed, this is very close to it (license is bought and 2000 books are going to get manufactured regardless of the outcome). @Kansai Club It's nice that you're probably trying to arrange a very nice postage discount for us international buyers, but current situation doesn't reflect well on your business (at least not in my eyes). Try to contact Rightstuf again if there is some confusion with you two (this may be the reason you haven't yet got the international shipping rates). I do understand it might be a challenge to get an accurate shipping information if you do not know the weight and dimensions of the books. But don't expect us to increase pledge after kickstarter has finished. A good kickstarter is planned well before the beginning. Edward, that might be a semantic workaround that some campaigns are employing, but I'm fairly certain it violates Kickstarter's ToS (at least in spirit). There was a big brouhaha about this when KS announced some pretty tight changes ostensibly to protect backers against creators who either couldn't or wouldn't deliver promised "rewards". At the same time, KS prohibited some types of project photos to ensure people weren't treating KS as an outright store and selling already-manufactured inventory. It's possible KS has relaxed their stance since then, as these were extremely unpopular restrictions, but I haven't heard of it being rescinded. Fred, I hadn't heard that. Technically, you could treat the send book as an add-on reward. A lot of Kickstarters do that. So instead of getting, for example poker chips or stickers (two very popular add-on rewards), Reid would simply get a second book. Reid, project creators are no longer allowed to offer multiple rewards. This is why you don't see "retailer packs" and similar tiers anymore. Sounds dumb, but that's Kickstarter for you. In order to get around this, you have to create another profile with different login credentials, but the same ship-to and payment information. Once the second account is set up, you can then make pledges accordingly. Likewise, if you wanted 10 books, you'd need 10 different profiles. Could someone please tell me how to order 2 books. Do I just select the $35+ option for "The Book" and make it $75 or something?? And when it does go up, please give us info how much would shipping be for 1, 2, 3 etc. books. When will the international shipping cost update go up? @CJ For my understanding, every t-shirt will be like in the example picture regardless whether it's "free" or part of pledge tier. So, is the free t-shirt a Kansai Club-The Crater shirt, or a generic Kickstarter Shirt? I must know this before I decide if I'm going $2 or $5 extra here. 5 people away from the halfway mark of a thousand books taken. 1.000 backers reached, congratulations. Could I even use this name? Or would it have to be alphanumeric (with maybe some basic punctuation available too)? Also, just out of curiosity, will the book be sewn or glued spine? I noticed my name in the FAQ list of early backers listed my username and not my real name so I changed to my real name here on Kickstarter just to make sure thats what gets added if theres a backer page inside the book. As a recent backer, the shipping issue was confusing. I suggest outlining the changes in cost on the front page of the project, rather than just saying "read the updates." The very first thing people should know when they approach the page is that the prices on the right hand side are not accurate. @KCP: here you can find some info regarding shipping costs for board games (lot of weight) <url>"Crater" will be larger for size and pages and heavier for the hardcover but i truly hope the total cost (included the 18$) would not be sort of 30-40$. What makes me sad is not the truth of the reality, but the fact that i feel cut off for the future projects of KCP that sounds very interesting.... I'm not a fan of the increased cost, but I fully support the higher quality cover, and I can understand the shift to better shipping. Hopefully, though, this experience will not turn you guys away from high quality releases like this in the future. While I do still enjoy a manga or any other book even if the material quality is not superior, there is nothing like a high-quality collector edition-style release. I can't wait for this release, or for any future releases from you guys (especially if they retain the quality that it looks like this one will have) I pledged 50 plus, to get the t shirt and book. Now 37 gets you both! I am frustrated by this! I am excited by how the book is progressing (and glad you are pulling out all the stops to make it the most beautiful edition of the book you can). Very much worth waiting a little longer for :) Awesome about the added short story! That really makes me happy!! :) Too bad about the increased international shipping, maybe you could make an option to pass on the stretch goal t-shirt in return for a small discount on the shipping? It would help mitigate the increased shipping a bit, which might make it easier for people to swallow. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @David Choose "Manage Your Pledge", keep the tier level you have selected and input the extra amount manually. How will we add the 5 dollar shipping fee? Y'know I'd be happy to opt out of the t-shirt if (when) you reach 1000 books sold. I'm just interested in the book. I'm from Canada, but I'd like to have the book shipped to a US address to save on shipping. I hope that's ok. I believe that if you're one of the first 500 and after a animation cel, then pulling out now loses your place in the queue if you want to jump back in later. It's kind of a dumb move before you even know how much extra it will be. Actually, I changed my mind, I will drop my pledge now. I'll re-pledge later if the shipping cost increases aren't too much. Ok. I'll up the pledge for shipping to Australia. I assume that next update will be fairly soon? Good to see an update, and I have no problem with the added $5 for shipping fee's. I buy a lot of stuff online so shipping fee's are known to be an expected addition to the purchase. On the updated material used to make the cover, well I'll take your word for it since is not something I know a lot about, but since this is your first book maybe is something that should have saved for later on. The added story is a plus so no complain there. Will you be releasing the list of the first 500 backers who will be getting the animation cell. Good luck and I encourage people to understand the shipping fee's are a necessary evil for a good quality product/ Aww darn the shipping costs are going to be increased. I'll wait till I hear what they're increased to, but likely I'll be outta here. $53 total was already a bit steep for me for one book -_-' June 1st now. Did you hit a snag with what you were going to announce or am I just getting too excited for my own good? :) I'll be sure to let you know! I heard about Tezuka through a discussion of Phoenix, (which I also haven't read) but I'm absolutely looking forward towards this. I've a love for that strange, slightly offsetting style of adult stuff with the supernatural side... it seems like The Crater will be far more to my taste than a lot of the American comics I've been reading. ... This will be the first Manga I have ever bought. I only found this kickstarter via browsing. But I'm glad I did. Even I've heard of Tezuka, and whilst I know nothing about The Crater specifically, I am very much looking forward to this. :) Has Kansai looked into acquiring any Go Nagai works such as Devilman? If there is one manga that I would love to see than any other, it has to be this one. Very good, 900 backers! Halfway and still more than 20 days remaining. I'm no expert, but the Robot6 blog introduced me to Swallowing the Earth in a feature on Tezuka. They broke the news on the DMP release, their Kickstarter drive to reprint it and their subsequent campaigns for Barbara, Unico, Atomcat and Triton so I suggest letting them know. Got my pledge in. I don't think there has been much news about this Kickstarter, because I'd imagine the 2000 copies would have gone really fast if there had been. Dude, they don't charge you until the Kickstarter ends (26 days from now at this point). You had no reason to wait. Kickstarter doesn't charge you until the end. Saw this when it first launched and hasn't gotten paid yet. Disappointed to have missed the cel offering but I'm thrilled at the response thus far! Too bad Ill never have any hardcover Love Hina ;_; @Chris Kirby Yep, if we can get at least one or two of the DVDs sets fully funded it could lead to even more cool Tezuka stuff that has not ever been translated officially. www.animesols.com Happy to see so much support for this! But also want to let people know about a site called Anime Sols. It's a legal streaming service that uses crowd funding just like Kickstarter to provide DVDs of the shows if funded. They have a bunch of great Tezuka anime on there that are not reaching their goals! Check them out and spread the word!! Wow! First kickstarter pledge! I just hope you guys can sell all the books you need to sell, I am also looking forward to your next projects. Just a thought, I know Tezuka is one of the best "classic manga sellers" and its also a favorite of a lot of us, so its easier or more marketable to publish Tezuka titles -and I am by no means trying to disrespect Tezuka, he is the God of manga for something- but I think the american market has have its good share of Tezuka titles while other classic mangakas go unnoticed.. Will you venture into other not-so-known classic manga authors? I read something about Takao Saito some where on your page so that'd be good. But what about Ikki Kajiwara or George Akiyama or.....? I guess you understand my point, in short my question is, any other authors in mind? I mean, I guess publishing long manga like Ashita no Joe its out of question, but some sort of one-shots by other mangakas would be nice :) Luck in your project :) This is great. More Tezuka being translated is always good! I hope this is ok to mention, but I hope some other Tezuka fans on here check out the anime sols website. There's a bunch of great Tezuka anime works up for pledging. Great KCP! One of the coolest update i ever seen on kickstarter, i feel so happy to have pledged the book so early... can't wait for the other stretch goals and for your #2 campaign. Congrats on the success thus far! What are you going to do if you don't have any books to sell at the Supercon? One request that you are not obliged to do, but I was wondering if you could use the updates as a way to share your experience of getting the Crater published. I'll be interested to hear how you got Kansai Club started, the obstacles you went through, how you established a relationship with Tezuka Productions and what is it like working with them. I guess this would be a "production diary" more or less. Best of luck and I'm looking forward to what is next to come! Since you will be sticking to older manga for awhile I hope you will consider Tezuka's "I.L." for publishing (I loved Tezuka's "The book of human insects" and "Barbara" and "Ayako", I.L has been long overdue for a release in the United States). me too Ian, 500 pages are a good number more than expected, can't wait to see it. We are now to 666 backers, 33% of the book funded, a step closer to become part of it. Thank you for your quick reply, it's really nice that you take the time to answer questions like this. 520-550 is even more than I expected, so now I'm even more excited about the book! I haven't read Adolf yet, but I'll definitely check it out, thank you for the recommendation :) Thanks for making this book! I'm really glad I found this project in time as it seems that kickstarter is the only way to get this book if you're european like me. I was wondering if you had a rough estimate on the page count? I have no idea how long these shortstories are (and it probably varies a bit) and it'd be nice to know if I should expect 200 pages or 800. (Don't worry I'm already a backer and even a low page count won't change that, I'm just looking for a ballpark figure, so I know what to expect). As a sidenote this kickstarter has really made me hungry for some more Tezuka! Does anyone have a sugestion for one of Tezukas more mature stories (something along the lines of Ode to Kirihito) which could make the wait seem a bit shorter? :) Thank you for the answer. Now I think about it, my Unico is a paperback release. I am probably faraway your target audience as you do not yet sell manga through Amazon.co.uk or Bookdepository. Nevertheless, I would like to read mangas by Leiji Matsumoto. As you're still a new company, some shorter series might be a good place to start like: * Starzinger: <url>