Check out the complete set of designs on our website. Update 1: A 6th t-shirt and custom Litographs for independent authors Update 3: New t-shirt mockups, and introducing Mother Tongue Books Dear Kickstarter, I started working on Litographs one year ago, with the goal of taking the explosion of digitized text and bringing it back into the physical world. E-books are great for spreading knowledge, but there's something special about having that tangible connection with a book. I love knowing that people all over the world have a Litograph poster displayed in their home. To me, each poster I design, print, roll, and ship signals that love for literature is stronger than ever. And I'm proud to have worked with the International Book Bank to send thousands of books to communities in need overseas. It's been an amazing experience getting to meet so many fellow book lovers, and to hear about the conversations these posters have sparked. Now I'm asking for your help in getting our next product off the ground. With Litographs t-shirts, we're creating a way to literally wear your favorite book on your sleeve. We've worked with an incredible screen printing shop (they do the majority of Threadless' tees) to bring you a truly unique t-shirt, using designs and processes I was told time and time again couldn't work. Well - we've pulled it off, and I need your help to fund the first production run. It will take $15,000, but I know we can make it happen. In return, I'm offering some awesome rewards, and just in time for the holiday season. Check out the details below, and keep reading! - Danny Here's how it works: 1. Become a backer, and choose which reward you'd like. 2. When the Kickstarter ends, I'll mail you a handmade, letterpress gift certificate with a code that you can redeem on Litographs.com. The gift certificate is guaranteed to arrive by 12/24. 3. You or whoever is receiving the gift can go to our website, enter the code, choose any design from the given reward tier, and receive the reward in January. Like our posters, each of our t-shirt designs is created entirely from the text of a classic book. Litographs come in both unisex crew t-shirts (100% cotton), and women's deep v-necks (60% cotton / 40% polyester). We're starting with the following 5 books: We've worked with Sharprint to push the limits of screen printed t-shirts. These are printed "all-over," which means that the design -- the text from each book -- covers every inch. The text is completely legible. Click to zoom. The Alice in Wonderland t-shirt includes most or all of the book, depending on the shirt size. Since the screens themselves are larger than the t-shirts, there will always be some portions of the book that don't make it onto the shirts. In addition to t-shirts, we're also Kickstarting a new line of screen printed posters. We worked with Steve Walters at Screwball Press to get these just right. Compared to our flatbed prints, these screen prints look and feel more hand-crafted. They are distinct in several ways: + With screen prints, the ink sits on top of the paper, so if you move your hand across the print you can actually feel the text. With flatbed prints, the ink tends to be more absorbed by the paper. With both, the ink is UV-resistant so will not fade. + Our screen prints are printed on cardstock from the French Paper Company. Our flatbed prints use vinyl-infused, tear-and-moisture-resistant paper. Both are extremely sharp and durable. + We offer a reward for custom-framed screen prints. This means the prints are matted, and that the frames are built custom for these particular prints. Flatbed prints are not available framed, but are offered in standard frame sizes (these frames look really nice with Litographs). We've designed over 50 Litographs for flatbed prints (you can view the full collection on our website), each of which is available in two sizes (18x24 or 24x36 inches) and in color or black and white. The following 5 books are available screen printed, in color only, and at 18x24 inches: Alice's Adventures in Wonderland On the Origin of Species Moby Dick The Great Gatsby Most Litographs fit the book's entire text on a 24x36 inch poster. But some massive titles - like Moby Dick or On the Origin of Species - are just too huge to fit at a reasonable font size. For these titles, I'm excited to announce a Kickstarter exclusive: XL Litographs. XL Litographs are offered in 3 sizes: 30x45 inches, 32 x 48 inches, and 36x54 inches. The complete list of XL titles includes: On the Origin of Species, Emma, Leaves of Grass, Moby Dick, The Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci, This Side of Paradise, Les Miserables, Pride and Prejudice, The Aeneid, The Odyssey, The Iliad, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Three Musketeers, The Mysterious Island, The Kama Sutra, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, Don Quixote, The Republic, Newton's Opticks, A Tale of Two Cities, and Walden. If you're thinking of selecting one of these titles, have a lot of wall space, and would like to have a poster with the complete text of the book, this is the reward tier for you. Litographs make great presents, and with the holidays approaching I hope you might consider gifting your reward to friends or family. The rewards themselves will ship in January, but in the meantime we're offering Gift Certificates -- exclusively on Kickstarter. For each reward level, we'll include a corresponding Gift Certificate that will allow the recipient to choose whichever design he or she would like. The Gift Certificates were letterpressed at Repeat Press in Somerville, MA, and turned out awesome. They're substantial - almost 6x9 inches - printed on heavy card-stock, and embossed. If you're planning on giving your reward as a holiday gift, I'll ship you a corresponding Gift Certificate, guaranteed to be delivered by 12/24. The recipient can enter their code on our website and select their pre-paid product in any design they choose. We're happy to either ship the Gift Certificates to you or directly to your friend or family. We'll start shipping the products themselves in January. Gift certificate for $40 reward tier. Each tier has a unique gift certificate that indicates which reward you've chosen. A special thanks to: Benjy Brooke - Motion graphics and video editing Soren Nielsen - Videography Ramsay de Give - Photography Alex Howell, Greer Howell, and Liz Conner - Models Music by Delicate Steve. The track "Positive Force" is off the Luaka Bop album of the same name. Steve Walters at Screwball Press Everyone at Sharprint Mike Dacey at Repeat Press Kris and Greg at Cambridge Offset Printing Hi everyone, Today we've expanded our collection of t-shirts from 6 to 117, and added full-color options to the mix. We've also introduced our new line of tote bags , and dropped our color poster prices by 25%. The Litographs.com you see today is what I was dreaming of when I launched this Kickstarter campaign last November. It's no exaggeration to say that this would have been impossible without your help. So thank you again, and enjoy browsing the new store! - Danny Hi everyone, I've been hearing reports from happy customers who have received their t-shirts today and yesterday. We're still working on shipping this first wave of orders (over 2,000 shirts ordered this week!), so if you haven't heard from us yet with a shipping confirmation you will soon. I can't tell you how amazing it feels to see the photos start rolling in. We've accomplished a ton in the last 3 months, and couldn't have done it without you. Litographs will continue to grow and evolve, and I hope you'll keep in touch. This will be my last update on Kickstarter, but I would love if you would sign up for our newsletter. I send out coupons for $10 off each new release, and it's also the first place I announce new products, giveaways, and campaigns. You can sign up at this link: <url>"Kickstarter shipping" option. + Speaking of gift codes, the second batch of digital and physical gift certificates will go out on 1/17. Everybody who responded to the survey before 12/17 has already received a digital gift certificate. If you responded after 12/17, or if you responded before then but chose the "not in a hurry" option for physical gift certificates, yours will go out on 1/17. Thanks! - Danny Hi Everyone, The digital gift certificates all went out Tuesday night. If you chose a flatbed poster, screen print, t-shirt, XL poster, or framed screen print as your reward you should now have a code that you can redeem on Litographs.com . If you did not receive your code(s) and you think you should have, please send me a message. For the most part everything seemed to work perfectly, but this was a lot to coordinate and I'm sure I made a few mistakes. For all other reward tiers, I'll be getting in touch with you directly in January. Flatbed printed posters are available today on Litographs.com , and all other rewards will become available in January. We're still on schedule to release everything next month, and I'll send you a message the day your reward is added to the site. If you sent a gift certificate directly to a friend or family member, you might want to let them know that their reward will be available next month. Next time you hear from me I'll be reporting from Sharprint's headquarters in Chicago. I'll be sure to take lots of photos of the t-shirts rolling off the press. I can't wait. Thanks again for your support, and Happy Holidays! Danny All the gift certificates that need to arrive by 12/24 are on their way, and the codes and digital gift certificates are almost ready to go. My goal is to have those out to you by the end of the night on Tuesday, at the very latest. I'll include detailed instructions on how to redeem your code then. The gift certificates look awesome . I can't wait for you to see them. - Danny Hi Everyone, It's been quite a campaign! We're at over 600% of our goal, and I've been blown away by the kindness and generosity of everyone who's supported us, and particularly those who have reached out with compliments and suggestions. I'll need your help to make sure that I can mail out the gift certificates quickly. As soon as the campaign ends tomorrow night, I'll be sending out a survey. In the survey, I'll ask for your address and whether you're planning on giving the certificate as a Christmas gift. I'm going to be working non-stop to get these out, but I'd like to prioritize the gifts that are on a tight deadline. So I'd really appreciate it if everyone could be honest, and if those of you who can afford to wait a few days indicate as much. I don't have any last-minute stretch goals to announce -- mailing out these 2,500+ gift certificates is enough to keep me busy for now! -- but I do think it would be pretty awesome if we could hit $100,000. It would take our biggest day yet, but I think it's actually feasible if everyone shares the campaign with a few friends tomorrow. What do you think? In any case, thank you for supporting me, and it's been so great meeting those of you who have introduced yourselves! I can't wait to get these printed. Come January, we'll have an army of literary fashionistas taking over cities across the world. I think that's pretty awesome. - Danny Hi everyone! I have two exciting announcements to share. 1. I've finished mocking up the t-shirt designs for Peter Pan and Sherlock Holmes. Rather than having an additional vote between these two designs, I'm going to keep the original vote running until the end of the campaign, and I'll choose the top two designs at that point. 2. Some of you may know that Litographs donates one book to a community in need for each poster we sell, through the International Book Bank. We've partnered with the IBB since the day we launched, and our customers have helped send almost 10,000 new, high-quality books overseas. Last year, the IBB launched an experimental project to publish children's books in the mother tongue languages of developing countries. In some communities, the national language that is taught in schools is different from the mother tongue language that families speak at home. Children who are only exposed to a national language at school struggle to learn the skill of reading in that language -- one they only hear a few hours a day. Oftentimes schools in developing countries lack books and other resources, even in the national language. Rarely will children have access to books that are written in the languages the children speak. The project was a resounding success, and an amazing fit for the Litographs mission. Today, I'm excited to share that Kate Joyce, the former Executive Director of the IBB, is announcing a new organization called Mother Tongue Books that will grow the project into a movement. Beginning today, each Litographs purchase will donate the cost of binding and stitching one children's book translated into the mother tongue language of a developing country. Thanks to you, this Kickstarter campaign means that over 1,500 communities in need will receive a new, beautifully-illustrated children's book. I've worked closely with Kate over the past year, and I've been blown away by what she was able to accomplish at the IBB. I'm looking forward to taking an even more active role in the Mother Tongue Books organization, and sharing their progress with you. Thanks, Danny Hi everyone, Happy Thanksgiving! I haven't forgotten about the voting deadline for the 5th t-shirt design. As of this moment, Sherlock Holmes and Peter Pan are neck and neck: only 10 votes separate them, out of a total of more than 17,000 votes. What I'm going to do is get to work on mocking up each of them as a t-shirt, and once they're posted we'll hold a runoff vote between the two of them. It's just too close to call at the moment, and I think it will help to see how they'll end up looking (kudos to backer Griffin Patterson for the idea). The losing design will still be in the running for our 6th t-shirt, which you can continue to vote on until the end of the campaign. If you're in the US, I hope you enjoy the holiday. I'll be in touch early next week. - Danny P.S. I've added some more photos, with links to full-size, high-res versions so you can see some more detail. Enjoy! Photo 1 , Photo 2 , Photo 3 , Photo 4 , Photo 5 , Photo 6 Wow. Less than one week in and we're already at 200% of our goal. All I can say is that I'm so thankful to all of you for your support, and for making this a reality. I can't wait to get the final designs to Sharprint and Screwball and watch them work their magic. And I'm so excited to start seeing these shirts and prints in the wild. Thank you. To celebrate, I have a few exciting announcements. 1. A 6th T-shirt Over 6,000 of you have cast your vote for which Litograph should be the next t-shirt and screen print. On Wednesday morning at 11am EST, I'll choose whichever design has the most votes and commit to printing it as our 5th t-shirt and screen print. At the end of the campaign, I'll choose the design with the most votes at that point and make it the 6th. The current top 3 designs are: Peter Pan (961 votes) The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (935 votes) Pride and Prejudice (704 votes) If you haven't voted yet, you still have a few days. Click here to cast your vote, and good luck campaigning to your friends! 2. Litographs for Independent Authors A number of independent authors have reached out to me this week about having their work turned into Litographs. One of the early highlights of this campaign has been working with them to find a way to make it happen. If you're an author (or friend of an author), I'm happy to announce a new reward tier for a custom Litograph of your own work. You, me and a professional artist will work together to design your Litograph, and I'll mail you 5 flatbed printed posters of the finished product. I'm offering 5 early-bird packages at $150, to be shipped in January. If that tier sells out, there will be an unlimited number of $200 packages that will ship in February. After the initial 5 posters, the design will be made available to you at wholesale prices so that you can connect directly with your readers. This is an experiment, and I'm excited to see how it turns out. 3. More Screen Print Sets The signed, limited-edition sets of all 5 screen prints sold out in just a few days. For those of you who missed out, I'm adding another tier at the same $200 level which also includes a first-edition set of 5 screen prints, but will not be the limited, signed editions. Thanks again - let's see how big we can make this! - Danny Hey Amanda, Thanks for the comment, and for letting me know about v-neck. If there's one thing I've learned so far about producing apparel, it's that it's hard to please everyone with a single style. We've received some notes about how well the v-necks fit, asking for a link to purchase them in solid colors, and some notes about how a crew neck would be preferable. What I've taken away from all our feedback is that more variety is better, and you'll definitely see that from us over the next few months. I hope our next style of ladies' t-shirt will work for you, and that you'll consider trying it out! Thanks again, Danny Hey Amanda - if you send me an email with your order #, we'll figure out what's going on. Sometimes international shipping can take a while, but I'll make sure you get your t-shirt Hi Christopher - it looks like you may not have placed an order yet. If you get in touch with me directly we'll get everything sorted out. Hey Sebastian - the screens for the Great Gatsby contain the entire book (it actually starts again about halfway down the back of the shirt). The t-shirts themselves will always contain a subset of the screens, with larger shirts containing a larger subset. You can find additional info and some photos of the process on the Kickstarter page. Hey Joshua - skipping and pooling around seams and under the arms is expected and unavoidable, but outside of those areas it is not. Feel free to send me an email with photos and I'll let you know if what you're seeing is normal. Sharprint actually posted an infographic a few weeks ago with info about what they learned during this print run. They are the leaders in the field, and even they are constantly learning and improving: <url>"box 4" is actually the white space from the design itself (the rabbit hole). You can see it on the photos below that box, where the full shirts are visible on the models. The male model is wearing a size M, while the female models are both wearing a womens' S. What I was trying to show in the printing process images is how the designs are burned into a single, huge screen that is used across all t-shirt sizes. Since the unisex M shirt is larger than the womens' S, more of that white loop is visible. The loop continues below where the unisex M shirt ends, so an XL, for example, would include even more. This is also why I mentioned that even for shorter books like Alice in Wonderland and The Great Gatsby, where we can in fact fit the entire text on the screens, it's impossible for every word to be printed on a given shirt. Each shirt contains a subset of the entire screen, with larger shirts containing more than smaller shirts. Hope that helps, and thanks for your support! Danny Hi Maxim, Absolutely. If you'd like 2 custom digital litographs, you can pledge $20. Thanks for your support! Danny Thanks everyone! Johann and Steffen - if you'd like more than one reward, just pledge the combined amount of the rewards you'd like. Here are some examples: + If you'd like (3) t-shirts, pledge $90 + If you'd like (2) screen prints and (2) t-shirts, pledge $160 If you are located outside the US, please add a total of $10 for international shipping. You can choose any reward tier. After the campaign ends, I'll get in touch so that you can let me know which combination you had in mind, and where to ship each reward. Thanks! - Danny My 3 shirts arrived earlier this week. They are even better tan I imagined. Ill be ordering more straight away. Brilliant Job guys So it's been a while but I decided that I like my shirt a lot more than I initially thought. There is a darker vertical line on the left breast and the seams aren't great but that's only when you focus on sections. The shirt on the whole looks great and I wear it with a deep v grey cardigan that really pulls intellectual and classy together. Thank you for making these shirts. I can't wait to get some posters for my house when I finally move. Hey, Danny! I was reading some of the comments.. And I just would like to say that you've created a brilliant tshirt! People were saying that they werent going to wear it, because of some print issues and whatnot.. since we all back your project, it is not always about the money, but the support! I was going thru all my clothes and I've found a top that will allow me to wear the tshirt.. I JUST came back here to tell you that.. I'm so happy because I'm gonna be able to wear it now!! YESSSS!! I dont care AT ALL about those print issues, actually, I think it adds a little to the design.. it makes the shirt unique and different.. and thats awesome! If I could, I would wear this to my wedding hahahahaha thats how truly awesome it is! I got kinda sad when I saw people saying that they werent going to wear it and all that.. so I decided to find something that I could wear with it.. glad that I did! I will definitely keep looking foward to your new creations! :) This kinds of things happens.. just dont give up on it! Hey, you guys! Finally got my t shirt and it is really awesome!! I just wanna point it out that the V neck is waaaaaaaaaaaaaa...aaaaaaaaaaaaay too long. It does not fit me, I gave it to my cousin, but it doesnt fit her either, I tried to give it to my friend.. and guess what? it does not fit her either.. the last person i tried was my mom.. but it does not fit her either.. and yes, we all wear small, except for my mom, she wears medium, but since it was big on everybody else, i thought i would give it a try.. but it was big on her too.. I tried to use with another tshirt underneath, but it looks really weird, i didnt like it.. :'( so, to sum it up: i have the most awesome tshirt of all times, but it does not fit ANYONE that i know. so it would probably just sit there in my drawer 5ever. Kinda sad, but it is still a cool tshirt. Are the online and mailed out codes supposed to be different? I gave them to the person and they weren't sure if it mattered which code they used (both work). ordered mine January 31st.. and it is not here yet.. :'( (BRAZIL) Hi, I just want to check if anybody else in the UK has got theirs yet? Am still waiting... Thank you so much for my very beautiful and special Gatsby shirt. It arrived safely today in Australia, and I am thrilled. It's perfect! x I just got my Peter pan last week and i love it! I think it is a great and a unique shirt! I got the Great Gatsby tshirt. I was wondering, how much of the book is on there? I was expecting the whole book on there but it seems it's barely a few pages? Just curious Also, the steps don't line up on The Great Gatsby. Not entirely disappointed, but I doubt I'd wear it in public without covering up the seams with another shirt. If anything it'll be interesting to sleep in. love my shirt. love it. and really enjoying all the new designs you keep adding. i actually like the fading at the seams. noone was really thinking about READING the whole tshirt, right? this way it looks like a used book, fading at the spine. Got my three shirts in the mail today! I'm amazed at how quickly they came. And just in time too as the one friend that I wanted to give one to is going back to Japan tomorrow. I am a little disappointed in the "all over printing" as for some of the shirts, it's very clear that the sides weren't actually attempted, but stopped the print about 1cm before. Also, the armpits don't look very good. I'm really just nitpicking, as I am overall very impressed with the shirts. They look very good. I don't think anyone will really wear it as just a t-shirt. I'll probably put it under a button down or a cardi so the seams aren't too noticable. The next seams all look really good which I think is the most important aspect. Thanks for the great product, Danny. I'll make sure to keep an eye out for any new amazing things that I can gift to people. While the front and back of my shirt look AMAZING, the shoulders are wrinkled and faded :( Thanks for the prompt reply. :) Did I miss any e-mail updates about the wallpapers? The last I got was on the 5th of January. Thanks for the update. Do you have an estimate for when the screen prints and XL posters will be available? Awesome! Thanks, Danny. I panicked when I saw your final update e-mail. Looking forward to hearing back soon! Did I miss the email on the custom digital Litograph? Is there a way to enter multiple codes into one order? Once I enter a code, there is no longer a space to put in another, and I would prefer to order multiple shirts in one go (and I assume that you guys don't want to process multiple orders unnecessarily)! I'm confused, where do you add the code on the website... Is there a spot in checkout..? This user's account has been deleted. It doesn't give me the option to enter the 3 codes I received for t-shirts. Meaning I'll have to pay shipping three times if I want to purchase. 3 more days until I can order my goods! ok Thank you I haven't got the gift certificate or the email yet ? when will i get it? Ah, Ok I found it. Thanks for the quick response! Okay I got the Gift Certificate but it's completely blank. is is supposed to be blank? I don't know if anyone has asked this already but how can I tell what books are in the public domain? Hey Danny, I hope you are doing well! Sorry to have read such rude comments written to you below by some of your backers... perhaps none of them have ever had a really great product that WENT CRAZY with such success and may have caught you off guard with your means to deliver... anyway, I'm not going to **** about anything, I'd just like to ask which size will be delivered as a reward for the Flatbed print? I'm guessing 18x24 but I'm not sure... please let me know... I'd like to have my frame ready for it when it's delivered!!! Awesome idea by the way, and LOADS of continued success to you!!! :-) Disregard the previous comment. I found the survey :) Could you email me the survey again? I apparently deleted it and I need to fill it out in order to get the t-shirt Thanks, Lisa I didn't realize that the t-shirts would be late January. I was hoping to give one as a gift to my friend before she flies back to Japan. I'll just have to mail it to her i guess. I said I wanted a digital and physical certificate, but a digital certificate first. When will I be getting these (because none have arrived yet)? When will we get the certificate in the mail. I thought it was going to be delivered by the 24th but its not here Dude, where the hell are the t-shirts at? don't see t-shirts on the website??? This user's account has been deleted. I asked for the digital copy, but it has not arrived in my inbox. I was wondering when i would be able to expect it. Thanks Oh Danny-Boy! $100K. Holy shit. That's what I call "The Howell Bump"! Hi Danny, If we asked for a digital gift certificate, when can we expect to receive it. And this is a silly question, but we'll be able to use the digital gift certificate to redeem a gift on Lithographs.com, correct? Thanks! Great Idea !! Excellent timing for the festive season as well !! One question, I didn't see an option asking if i was sending the gift certificate as a gift or not, am i right to assume the address i sent in the survey is where the gift certificate is going to be sent to? What a fabulously successful project! Congratulations, Danny. I'm so excited about this. :) Wow... a nice round number to finish off. Looking forward to getting to the shirts! Quick question. If we were to order the tshirts as soon as the reward hits our doorstep, how soon might we be getting the shirts? This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations!! You guys should seriously look into doing a set for George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series. It's huge now with the show and I personally would buy a print for each book in the series. There, backed! Great Christmas-gift indeed. I wonder if it's normal to buy ~30 % of the Christmas gift on Kickstarter... I'm an addict by now, geez. :-P Hi Danny, do you expect to send out the gift certificates this week? The Peter Pan shirt is irresistible -- great design. All my friends will love it! As nice as the peter pan one is, I think my mind is still made up on the Moby Dick, Great Gatsby and Alice in Wonderland shirts. Buying half of the designs is still sound with me. For those of us who will be receiving the 5 1st edition screen prints, when will the 5th design be chosen? After the Kickstarter ends, will you make more of the posters available as t-shirts? And if so, could we use a gift certificate for a t-shirt outside of the first 5/6? I've got two ordered for Christmas presents, but the book I'd be looking for for myself (The Arabian Nights) isn't yet available as a poster. So... What's going on with the 5th and 6th t-shirt? I pledged for a Litographed picture (super cool idea). Should I just wait for an email? I would love a Dracula t-shirt. Awesome design on the new poster. Just upped the pledge for 3 shirts. Please don't take anymore of my money :P Danny, Your ideas are genius! Perfect for my roomate's gift for the holidays. Will the gift certificate ship to the amazon billing address? Or the address given in the survey that it said you'd send out? I'm a little confused! Thank you! Hey Danny, loved the Designs especially Alice. Just one thing iam curious about, do we get our gift certificates on our mail or e-mails? We want lots of t-shirts! Hi Danny - Our pledge of $100 is for two T-shirts: one Moby Dick Mens XXL and one Alice Womens Large. (not the XL flatbed) We love the idea! -Gene and Janet Newman @Bart Thanks, that's what I'm hoping, but I'd still like official clarification. Also, I think that (just like the non-XL posters) the XL pledge level allows you to get any of those 3 sizes. But I'm sure official clarification would be best. @Griffin: I think it's then only $10 shipping: "The $10 international shipping charge covers one shipment of gift certificates and [...] rewards" I have one question regarding the XL posters: there are 3 sizes mentioned on the main page (30x45, 32 x 48 and 36x54), but there is only one backers level (and price) for them. How does this work exactly? Is each book only available in a specific size? Or can we choose what size we want and is the only limit the amount of space we have on our walls? What about if I'm getting it shipped to the same address? If I pledge to get multiple shirts at the international shipping, do I have to add 10 for every shirt? Think my friends would love one, but they're stingy little bastards any chance the shirts will be available in a "negative". Like white font on a black shirt? Dreaming a dream that sometime down the road Les Miz will become a t-shirt choice? Especially with the Movie launching soon both movie goers and book readers will enjoy it. @Sebastian At the end of the Kickstarter Campaign, Danny will email everybody a survey sent through Kickstarter. In that survey, you will be asked for your Address. When you fill out the survey, Danny will mail you a Litograph Letterpress Gift Certificate where you can go online (in January) and pick out the shirt and size you would like. At checkout, you can enter the coupon code on your letterpress gift certificate and it will drop the price to zero, in standard gift certificate style. Hope that helped. Where can I pick which tshirt design I want? And where do i give my address and size to complete the order? Ahh! I see it now! Looked a little more horizontal than I thought, but I can see the outline on the screen. Thanks. Still left the shipping question to be answered. I assume that since +$10 for outside the US that the shipping will be covered from the website, but I just wanted to ask. great job danny, cant wait for the t shirt, it'll be a great addition to my shirt collection. what a kickass idea. BTW if you havent backed, you got 20 days, back this project and spread the word. Also, on the image of the printing process, there is a strip at the bottom of the shirt that isn't printed on. I presume that its because of either the size of the shirt or a test run on the quality. Will there be any problems with the size variation in shirts and the print coverage? Will the gift certificate cover the shipping for the items pledged for? Hey Danny, I know your mom from temple. I did back you, I think $70 the other day and was a bit confused about the "reward" math so I said NO REWARD. Now, I really want to order a shirt for my mom...Can u e mail me so I can do this? Thanks, Beth Nast, Wellesley, MA <email> ps love your business and have told folks about it, and they love it too... Very special! Just came from the Lithograph site. I see I'll be spending some money. Might I suggest Robin Hood and Three Musketeers for future items? You've got a great thing going. I have been trying to figure out my decorating style for the apartment I want. I've always been passionate about literature and these works of art offer the PERFECT expression of my taste. I'm so thrilled that a friend shared this with me, and I'm SUPER EXCITED to get to design my poster!! I can't believe I'll own something so unique and beautiful! And for so little! $150 seems so small to pay for such a creation - I hope to hear from you soon Danny! My congratulations to you and if I could I'd shake your hand...scratch that, I'd hug you...and I'm not a hugger. AH! I cannot wait!!! :D This user's account has been deleted. This makes me positively giddy! You're a legend, Danny. Thank you! I'm definitely asking for Litograph gift certificates for Christmas and hope to be able to buy t-shirts in the future. Is there a possibility to get 2 custom digital litographs? If yes - how? I love your design! and I'm getting three of them! I know you had mention about shipping in Canada and refund. So I do add in the 10 dollars shipping now and how will you refund later? Cheers! great :D Thanks for answering so fast - I'll do just that! :) I can't wait to receive a shirt! I think this is such a beautiful way to commemorate the books. Great idea! What a great and unique idea. Love the t-shirt !! great project! :D I have to to agree with steffen - it's a bummer that there is no tier with more shirt-options. They look super awesome! This user's account has been deleted. And the wallpapers as well, I would very much like those as well..... What a fantastic idea.... The shirts are super cool. But what to do if I want more shirt? How about creating a reward with all 5 shirt? I would be interested in that. Danny - Awesome stuff you got going on here. I'm in. Hope you're doing well! It's been a long time. This is a great idea - unique and powerful- as a teacher I can see using these prints and tee shirts in my classroom - thank you - D. Robbins