Mansion Lord combines a murder mystery business sim with tile-based world building and turn-based RPG combat. Build your mansion tile-by-tile, invite unscrupulous aristocrats to dinner, and, with the aid of your hired detectives, capture them for bounties after they slay the other guests. You can level up your detectives, equip them with hundreds of different weapons and accessories, and teach them a variety of skills. All in the name of profit! Trailer music: "The Adventure Lights" by Skip Cloud - soundcloud.com/skipcloud/the-adventure-lights Click here to visit our Steam Greenlight page! Available platforms: Windows MacOS Linux Android iPad Distribution options: Steam DRM-free copy from Desura DRM-free copy from GOG.com Pending stretch goal platforms: PS Vita Wii U A note on the "Detective Duo" reward tier: Feel free to choose any 2 of the available (some pending based on stretch goals) platforms for your two copies: For example: Windows and MacOS or Windows and iPad BUILDING SYSTEM: Create your mansion one piece at a time using a grid-based tile system. Place each individual object to gain vital room bonuses to attract more guests - and for your personal sense of interior decoration, of course! TACTICAL TURN-BASED COMBAT: Claim bounty money by defeating the killers using a grid-based combat system. Use a variety of a special skills, joint combo attacks and maneuvering (side attacks and back attacks do matter!) to take them down. SUSPECT DATABASE SYSTEM: Each killer has a unique set of likes and dislikes - tailor your rooms to suit their preferences to lure them to your mansion! Try to draw in the most elusive suspects to complete your "collection." RPG CHARACTER UPGRADING: Improve your stable of hired detectives by earning XP, updating their equipment, teaching them new skills, increasing their happiness with gifts, and even building them their own bedroom! ENDLESS ROGUELIKE ENCOUNTERS: If you want to take a break from management for some old-fashioned dungeon diving, try sending your detectives into the depths of the abandoned basement levels to clear out the ghouls below. The deeper you go, the bigger the dangers (and the rewards, of course)! SOCIAL BOND SYSTEM: Detectives with strong relationships have special abilities in combat. Strengthen their social bonds by sending them out on "dates" every now and then. Who knows what might happen when their relationship maxes out? 100% CHIPTUNE SOUNDTRACK: If it doesn't chirp, bleep, or bloop, you won't hear it in our music. By contributing an amount in excess of your selected Reward tier, you may choose from the following Reward Add-Ons: [+ $10] Connoisseur Add-On A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! [+ $10] Extra Copy Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game without any of the additional content for any of the available platforms [+ $20] Extra Copy w/ Content Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game with the additional content for any of the available platforms [+ $40] Extra Copy w/ Content and ALPHA Access Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game with the additional content for any of the available platforms Grants access to Alpha Testing for Mansion Lord - get the first look at the game and help test and steer the direction of game mechanics throughout development! Gain special access to our closed Alpha forum Your name attached to an equipment item in the game - Just give us your name, a description or quote, and the item type (weapon/clothing/accessory) [+ $45] T-Shirt Add-On Exclusive Mansion Lord T-shirt + worldwide shipping to your door! Your name will be appear in the game's credits in the Special Thanks section Our heartfelt thanks from here at Golgom Games. None of this would be possible without all of you! All above rewards 1 digital copy of the full game NOTE: You may choose from any of the available platforms for your copy. Currently these would be: Windows MacOS Linux Android iPad If the corresponding stretch goals are met, the following platforms will become available: PS Vita Wii U All above rewards EARLY ACCESS to the game ahead of release Access to exclusive, Kickstarter backers-only content: 4 additional Detectives, 4 additional Rooms, and an additional Story Quest All above rewards EARLY ACCESS to the game ahead of release Access to exclusive, Kickstarter backers-only content: 4 additional Detectives, 4 additional Rooms, and an additional Story Quest All Chief Inspector rewards A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! NOTE: This is a STAND-ALONE Reward, which means that it is not included in any other Reward tier, but you can still receive these items as an Add-On (see above)! All above rewards A SECOND COPY of the game with the same early access and exclusive content to give to a friend (25% discount for the extra copy) NOTE: Feel free to choose any 2 of the available (some pending based on stretch goals) platforms for your two copies: ex. Windows and MacOS or Windows and iPad All Chief Inspector rewards Grants access to Alpha Testing for Mansion Lord - get the first look at the game and help test and steer the direction of game mechanics throughout development! Gain special access to our closed Alpha forum Your name attached to an equipment item in the game - Just give us your name, a description or quote, and the item type (weapon/clothing/accessory) This reward will be automatically given to ALL backers who select a reward tier of $40 or more (see reward chart) All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable, randomly-spawned guest that wanders into the mansion - simply choose a NAME, GENDER, and an APPEARANCE ARCHETYPE Once funding is complete, Profiler backers will receive an email form to pick their name, gender, and basic details regarding their appearance - we will have a good handful of archetypes to best match your look! All Chief Inspector rewards Exclusive Mansion Lord T-shirt + worldwide shipping to your door! All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM OBJECT which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM OBJECT which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable KILLER CHARACTER which players can invite to terrorize their mansion All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a playable (!!!) DETECTIVE CHARACTER which players can send on investigations All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own entire STORY QUEST - complete with 1 unique non-playable quest-giver character, dialogue, objectives, and combat encounters All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as the reclusive previous master of the house: you will be written into the backstory of the world, you will make cameo appearances at key story junctures, there will be statues and portraits in your honor, and all characters in the game will refer to you with great reverence (ex. "Alas, things just have not been the same since the days of Lord Steve, Commander of the Seven Fjords.") Your support will be key in bringing Mansion Lord to completion. While the basic framework of the game has already been completed, further content creation and systems refinement will require more time to reach the quality and quantity we want to bring to gamers. 100% of your contributions will go toward development: Labor for art/animation and coding SFX and Music (entirely out-sourced) Taxes Marketing efforts Software license fees Platform testing Hardware for testing purposes (+ additional devices and SDKs if platform stretch goals are met) Spicoli the Mighty is the mightiest robot of all. Golgom Games is a small, start-up game studio founded in Austin, TX by former employees of the game industry. After years of working for large corporations, we have decided to embark on our dream project: Mansion Lord. We love RPGs, business sim games, and low-res sprites. You can find other great Kickstarter projects at <url>"custom content" backer surveys until the end of this period. Until then, tell your friends! If you know someone that missed out on the original Kickstarter drive, let them know that this is their last chance to snag some extra content and early access to Mansion Lord ! - the team at Golgom Games Hello again! This entry in the pre-alpha series of updates is about combat and our current schedule forecast for Mansion Lord . Combat Starting an Accusation If you have at least one piece of evidence (shown in the counter in the bottom-right corner), you can forcefully bring any suspect to the Chamber of Accusation. During an accusation, time is frozen in the rest of your mansion. When an accusation is complete, whether it ended it success or failure, the participants resume their activities from exactly where you found them. An accusation is, in a nutshell, a single round of turn-based combat in a small-scale grid. To prove that the suspect is guilty, you must demonstrate how they did it in the most conclusive way possible - by recreating the conditions of the murder and beating the living daylights out of them (and any accomplices they brought along). During an accusation, your resident detective will explain your actions as you perform them. So every accusation stitches together a short narrative. Combat Phases The accusation is split into 2 phases: (1) an Ally phase where all of your summoned allies take their turns followed by (2) an Enemy phase in which all surviving enemies get a chance to retaliate. If you can reduce the suspect's HP to zero, they will confess everything, allowing you to arrest them for a reward. Each ally summon will cost you 1 piece of Evidence each. You'll have to gauge the situation and decide if you want to save up your evidence for one gigantic accusation, or peck away at a suspect's health little by little with multiple accusations. Certain other actions require "spending" Evidence during accusations, but we'll discuss those another time. Alibis Each suspect can have between 0 and 6 Alibis . An Alibi is a special condition which you must take into account during the accusation. Alibis make things significantly trickier for you as they can modify ally/enemy stats, restrict certain actions, and many other things which we'll let you discover. Schedule Update In the last couple of months, the Mansion Lord team has made many positive strides in the following areas: Design and groundwork of a significantly deeper and more refined combat system Complete UI system overhaul Streamlined the resource model A large-scale code restructuring for easier optimization and testing Identified multiple sources of major stability issues Mansion Lord was designed from the very beginning to uniquely blend aspects of two game genres which we dearly love: business sims and tactical RPGs. We won't be doing justice to the genres which inspired us, the vision of the team, or you, the backers, until both sides of the Mansion Lord game play are absolutely kick-ass. So considering the workload ahead of us, especially the expansion of the combat system with a single programmer, we must regrettably delay the first alpha early access until late September at the earliest. This is not a delay we make lightly, but we must take the surest path to delivering you the best game play experience possible within the scope of our team of two. We have learned a lot about our strengths and limitations, and the thought of showing you guys the results of our efforts is what keeps us going 7 days a week. But let's close with some brighter news - with the foundation of all major systems in place, we are preparing to start sending out the content design surveys to all the backers who snagged a chance to add custom equipment, characters, rooms, or objects to the game. We'll start sending them at the beginning of August, accompanied by an update to help walk you through the process. Surveys regarding other backer rewards will be sent out closer to our release date. This both aids our bookkeeping and allows you to reconsider your options (change of address, considering different platform based on release date, etc.) up until the final release window. As always, we thank you for your continued support. It is our prime motivation during those all-nighters! Sincerely, The team at Golgom Games Items Hello! Today we have a quick overview of just some of the items you can create in Mansion Lord . Items are a huge part of running a successful dinner party. A well-placed item can bring you back from the brink of disaster. As previously mentioned, there are two types of items: Herbs and Traps. In general, Herbs have more support-minded uses and Traps are more offense-oriented. Herbs (produced by a Conservatory) Health Tonic: Temporarily restores a portion of an ally's HP. Energy Tonic: Temporarily allows an ally to ignore the effects of fatigue. Panacea: Removes all negative status effects from an ally Traps (produced by a Laboratory) Chandelier Drop: Causes a chandelier to mysteriously fall from the ceiling. Deals moderate damage to a single target. Useful for softening up targets or finishing them off before they can reach your vault. Floor Spikes: Causes sharp spikes to erupt from the floorboards of a single room, causing moderate damage to everyone within. This trap does not distinguish friend from foe, so be careful! Poison Dart: Shoots a dart coated with a rare, debilitating poison at a single target, weakening them for a brief period. We'll have to keep this update fairly brief this week. We are still cranking away day and night on Mansion Lord and can't wait to show you what we've been working on. Thanks and see you next update! Hello again! Today's update is about Room Decoration. In Mansion Lord , a room can be any width so long as it fits within the mansion's walls - it can even span an entire floor. You can greatly improve a room's utility by decorating it with furniture, appliances, art, or other objects. You add decorations with a simple, grid-based system. A room has 3 stats which you are concerned with: Popularity , Efficiency , and Comfort . Popularity Popularity attracts more guests to the room. A larger supply of guests will keep any potential killers busy a bit longer. This affords you a lot more time to collect evidence. Some items which increase Popularity: paintings, statues, windows Efficiency Efficiency determines how quickly a room can perform its primary function. For example, a more efficient Kitchen will satisfy an ally's hunger faster and a more efficient Library will produce research faster. Some items which increase Efficiency: clocks, globes, shelves Comfort An ally's needs (eating and sleeping) will drain slower in a room with high Comfort. This will save them from making additional trips to the Kitchen, Lounge, or Bedroom so they concentrate on other duties. Some items which increase Comfort: fireplaces, candles, gramophones You also increase these stats by simply making the room larger . Everyone likes having more space and each tile which the room spans will confer a small amount of Popularity, Efficiency, and Comfort. That's just a quick look at some of the considerations of the room decoration process. Hope you all enjoyed it! See you next update. Today's update is about Ally Behavior . In Mansion Lord, you can direct your allies to investigate or perform work in various rooms. However, they are still highly active without your direct supervision. Ally behavior is governed by the following needs: eating, sleeping, and happiness. All three resources naturally drain over time at different rates. These rates also differ between characters. You may find that one character has a ravenous appetite or that another character is more prone to dozing off. Eating When an ally is hungry, they will locate the nearest Kitchen (assuming that you have provided them with one) and eat their fill. Eating also restores a portion of their health, though it would still be wise to invest in some curative items to handle emergencies. If you allow an ally to remain hungry: Weakened combat performance, affecting both offensive and defensive stats Accelerated loss of happiness Sleep When an ally is tired, they will locate the nearest Lounge or Bedroom and take a short nap. Sleeping in a bed is much more time-efficient than using a lounge. If you allow an ally to remain tired: Weakened ability outside of combat: greatly reduced rate of researching in the library, producing items in the lab, training in the study, etc. Accelerated loss of happiness Happiness During a dinner, your allies will collect payment for their services every hour in game time (currently translates to about 4 minutes in real-time). Any budding mansion lord that wants to turn a profit should generally try to wrap things up before the paycheck costs start stacking too high. Staff happiness adds an another wrinkle to your financial concerns. When an ally's happiness falls low enough they will head to the nearest Billiard Room to blow off some steam. However, if you discourage this too often and their happiness runs out completely, they will demand an additional bribe and threaten to leave for the remainder of the dinner unless you pay up. There are also a few little ways to keep your allies happy longer, including giving gifts and placing decorative room objects. --- In conclusion, Mansion Lord players always have to balance efficiency with the needs of their allies. Thanks for reading and see you at the next update! Hello again! Apologies for the radio silence - we wanted to finalize some major design decisions to avoid publishing a misleading update. Sorry if it caused a scare. Here is what the Mansion Lord dev team has been up to during the last few months: Added a new layer for Expanded the options for customizing rooms Major art pass Significantly increased the maximum allowable mansion size and adjusted game-play to scale to the new model. Overhauled the resource model Placing stairs will no longer a pain the a** for the player Streamlined combat We've made great strides and our future milestones are well defined. However, we want to make a final major polish pass before we begin Alpha Tester access. In our minds, an Alpha tester's primary role should be to guide and inform high-level design decisions, not to submit bug reports. To this end, we are pushing back the Alpha test and future projected dates until we tackle the larger stability and performance issues. Our revised schedule is as follows (as always, dates are subject to future change if deemed necessary): July 26: Alpha Tester Access begins August 26: Extended backing ends; all backers receive reward surveys August 26: Early Access begins September 26: Release on Windows/Mac/Linux December 19: Release on Android and iPad On to the good news! Now that we have achieved a certain measure of stability, we are starting a much (MUCH) more regular bi-weekly series of articles to get everyone more familiar with the ins and outs of Mansion Lord. The topics will be: May 15: Overview of Dinners and Room types May 29: Ally Behavior June 12: Room decoration June 26: Herbs and Traps July 10: The basics of combat So without further ado... Overview of Dinners and Room types In Mansion Lord, the player is, above all else, running a business . Your primary source of revenue is holding dinner parties. Running a dinner party is a juggling act between sending your allies between rooms, identifying which killers to target first, and dealing with minor catastrophes. Your main resources are: Reputation - The "health" the dinner. When your reputation reaches zero, the party is over. Your reputation drops by a good chunk whenever one of the following happens: every guest in a room has been killed, a killer reaches the Vault, or an ally is knocked out Money - Not much explanation necessary. Used to build rooms and buy equipment. More importantly during a dinner, however, is its use for paying your allies to keep working. Plants - Produced by a Conservatory and used to produce Herbs: medicine, tonics, and other ally-boosting items Science - Produced by a Laboratory and used to produce Traps: spike floors, falling chandeliers, and other enemy-damaging items. Research - Produced by a Library and used to upgrade the effectiveness of Herbs and Traps Evidence - You need evidence to launch an accusation against a killer. More on this in the Combat article. These are the major points of holding a dinner: A trickle of murderous dinner guests enters your mansion, eats dinner, then wanders upstairs to any populated rooms they find. Every room attracts (you might think of it as "producing") guests based on its popularity. Popularity increases based on size and decorations. Think of the guest count as the "health" of a room. Your primary goal is to capture as many killers as you can without losing all of your Reputation. The dinner ends immediately after all killers have either been captured or left of their own accord. Or when your Reputation reaches zero. Each ally has 3 needs which you need to monitor: Hunger, Sleep, and Happiness A killer will only do the deed if left without supervision. Post an ally to a room to investigate. This task will tire an ally out quickly, but it also produces valuable Evidence . Rooms Types There are 11 basic room types. These do not include rooms created from backer designs or those used as backer rewards. Dining Room - A permanent room on the first floor. The first destination of any Killer Kitchen - Where your allies go when hungry to make themselves a snack. Can support one cooking ally for every stove you place. Lounge - Where your allies go when they need rest. Can support one resting ally per sofa you place. Resting in a lounge is very slow. Bedroom - Can rest an ally much more quickly than a lounge but only supports a single ally no matter how large you make the room. Billiard Room - Where your allies go when they are unhappy. Can support one ally per billiard table you place Conservatory - Produces Plants so that the player can use Herb Items Laboratory - Produces Science so that the player can use Trap Items Library -Produces Research so that the player can upgrade the effectiveness of their Items Study - Trains an ally to higher ranks for the duration of the dinner. This allows them to perform tasks faster and fight more effectively. Vault - A permanent room on the top floor. If a killer ever reaches the Vault, they will immediately leave the mansion with a good chunk of your gold. This also causes a loss of Reputation. Hall - Not technically a room, but rather the lack of a room. Halls are the only place where certain objects (mainly works of art) can be placed which provide a bonus to adjacent rooms. Putting it all together: So what is it? At the highest level, think of Mansion Lord like a vertical RTS. It's a mission-based, room-based sim game about frantically shuffling your somewhat fussy minions between rooms to fend off invaders and ultimately build a tiny empire of your own. I hope this was an enjoyable read. In 2 weeks, on May 29, we will discuss Ally Behavior. Thanks! Hello again! We hope everyone is having a great 2014 so far. It has been a hectic few weeks here at Golgom Games as we've been gearing up for our next development phase. Today's update will cover a couple of important topics. Paypal Backing A Paypal backer option is now available on the Paypal page of our website: <url>"Mansion Lord’s description hooked me with its promises of (not necessarily in the same order) murders, a maid, old-school pixelart graphics, a maid, and building my own dream manic mansion." - Siliconera "When it comes to combining a set of rarely paired game genres, Mansion Lord takes the cake and eats it too. ... You’ll need to wear many hats and wear them well to be the best you can be in this adorable title with designs fit for anyone to enjoy." - SegmentNext (Top 10 Steam Greenlight Games) "Oh, those wealthy aristocrats. When will they learn not to attend a mysterious dinner party being held at a strange mansion? Hopefully not anytime soon, because running that mansion and having those dinner guests murder one another is what will keep you in business in Mansion Lord." - Joystiq "Mansion Lord brings a unique concept to our desk as it combines the classic whodunnit mystery theme with a tycoon game." - ActionRadius "I like management games, and I’m a sucker for anything that plays on the tropes of murder mysteries. This looks like Tiny Tower meets a turn-based battling Poirot. Your mansion contains a “Hall of Accusation”, which all on its own would make me play this game." - Rock, Paper, Shotgun "What do you get when you mix the classic board game Clue with some Kairosoft style graphics and gameplay? You get Mansion Lord..." - Cliqist "We need to support Mansion Lord. It’s a game that’s on Kickstarter and has RPG, general simulation, and even dating sim elements, and it absolutely has to exist." - GamerTell We are thrilled to say that Mansion Lord has been Greenlit by the Steam Community! Many thanks to all Greenlight voters! Once funded, all backers will be able to choose Steam as a distribution option for any of their copies of Mansion Lord! Hey everyone, we appreciate all of your ongoing pledges and support! To answer some of your questions, today we're going to talk about Character Classes . Every person in your employ belongs to a particular class. A character's class determines their distribution of stats and access to specific passive abilities. In the screenshot below, you can see that Dr. Olive is currently a level 15 Surgeon, which affords him access to the Bedside Manner and Precision Cuts abilities. Once a character reaches level 20 in their current class, they may opt to switch to a new class while keeping any abilities they learned. A character can only remember up to 4 abilities at any given time. Also, some classes are gender -locked. For example, a male character could never switch to the female-only Siren class shown below. Finally, one last thing to keep in mind is that well-trained people tend to demand high salaries - so be prepared for that when they come knocking for a raise! We are pleased to announce the introduction of two new reward tiers for Mansion Lord! $25 - Connoisseur We have received numerous requests for the option to receive the game's soundtrack and we deliver! As a Connoisseur backer, you will receive the following: All Chief Inspector rewards A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! Do you want these goodies but prefer another reward tier? Or want more than one set of them? No problem! For every $10 that a backer contributes in excess of their selected reward tier (yes, including the $1 tier), they will receive a full set of these Connoisseur items as an Add-On : A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! $50 - Profiler We want to give more backers a chance to be immortalized in Mansion Lord! As a Profiler backer, you will receive the following: All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable, randomly-spawned guest that wanders into the mansion - simply choose a NAME, GENDER, and an APPEARANCE ARCHETYPE Once funding is complete, Profiler backers will receive an email form to pick their name, gender, and basic details regarding their appearance - we will have a good handful of archetypes (skin/hair/accessories) to best match your look! After listening to feedback from backers, we are happy to announce that all backers who opted to receive a digital version of Mansion Lord may choose to be given a Linux version of the game! Once the project is funded, we will survey all backers to determine which distributions to emphasize during product testing. Zeck at Press Start just featured Mansion Lord in a nice segment in the pilot episode of their new show, Pause Break: Indie Spotlight. Check it out here! <url>#1 question we get is "Will there be a DRM-free option for getting the game?" The answer is a resounding YES - in addition to Steam (pending Greenlight), backers may opt to receive their copies of the game through either the Desura or GOG.com distribution services. If there is another service which you prefer, shoot us a message and we'll see what we can do! If you have a question for us, please message it over. It may take us a day to get back to you in our busy development schedule, but rest assured that we read each and every one. Cheers! @Jonah Falcon: We are opening up Paypal funding options soon if you wish to up your pledge. We'll notify everyone the moment it's available. A big THANK YOU to everyone here - there were ups and downs but we finally made it! Party time! @William Hiett: There's still 8 hours to go. We can do it! @Mike Heim: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: Thanks! I know it's only been 30 days, but has felt like quite a journey we've been on @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Absolutely. We should be able to grab at least one stretch goal. @uhr: Thank you! More content is definitely at the top of our wishlist too. @Sam Stone: A ghostbusters spoof would be amazing. In answer to your question, Sam, the soundtrack/instruction booklet will be delivered as DLC. @Simon: That looks to be the case, yes. It happens often when nearing the end of KS campaign. Still, we are well on track, so we won't have to delay the celebrations for long! Over 1,000 backers and well past the funding goal with over a day to spare! Thank you so much to all for your support and enthusiasm! There will be a more formal announcement later. In the mean time, everyone give yourself a pat on the back - you've earned it! @Benjamin Sinkula: We can't wait to bring it to you! We're right on the verge of funding! @Joni William Ahonen: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: We will definitely explore all avenues to continue working toward those stretch goals. Believe me, we want to make them (particularly the additional platforms) as much as you guys want to see them! @David Long: It is a fantastic track! If you like what you hear, visit Skip Cloud's SoundCloud page and give him some much-deserved appreciation! @Stevey Gonzalez: If the funding goal is met, we will absolutely open Paypal options. We are well aware that Amazon Payments is not every person's primary avenue for payments - we want everyone to get a chance to contribute. @Keri: Thank you very much! We're right on the cusp of funding! @Peter Vanusanik: Thanks, we can't wait to make it! @Guybrush20X6: Correct! That's how our Add-Ons work. @Jana: Thanks, Jana! It definitely helps us out! @DisorientedEffigy: Thank you! We really appreciate it! @Christian: Elizabeth is correct - by adding $10 past your reward tier, you can receive the soundtrack and instruction booklet rewards @Jesper Johansson: Hi, Jesper. We're hoping that one final push can get us past our goal, but we are certainly open to a re-launch if need be. @Andrian von Gegerfelt: Thanks for helping put the word out! @Sam Stone: Hi, Sam. We have (and are still) reaching out through every avenue we can to reach more people! Look forward to hearing more buzz as we approach the final push! @Leonard Knoll: Yes! The Lord/Lady of the Manor tier is once again vacant! A lucky backer could be immortalized forever! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Figuring out who the culprits are won't be the main challenge - finding enough evidence to confront them will be. Also, some detectives are better at investigation while others perform better in the Hall of Accusation, so there's a few things to consider when assigning roles! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Also, while we would love to hit the PS Vita stretch goal, there may be porting opportunities further down the line, particular with Sony's support of indies on Vita. So keep a look out for post-funding announcements! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Hi Elizabeth! Thank you for your support! @Guybrush20X6: Thank you for the support! Do you have a link to your comic for the other backers to check it out? @Rebecca Richards: I know we can do it! @Holisk: Thanks! Clue is one of our favorite films too! But I guess that's easy to tell :D @Jesper Johansson: Hi Jesper, rewards involving in-game characters will work like this: You will receive an email (whichever email address you registered with Kickstarter) which will request information about you including your preferred name, appearance, etc. If we need even more information, we will contact each backer individually. Otherwise, we will create your character and send you a preview for final approval or tweaks! @uhr: Thank you! We're really eager to bring it to you! A huge Thank You to all of our Steam Greenlight voters here! Your voice has been heard! Once funding completes, Mansion Lord will be coming to Steam! @Neil Elcome: Hi Neil! Thanks for your support! Your thoughts are definitely being considered as we move forward with tuning our battle system. I have laid out a few possibilities in the comment below, but please keep the feedback coming! Every different perspective helps us polish the game even further. @Alex Braddy: Thanks, Alex! We can't wait to deliver it to you guys! @Wayne G: Hi! Thanks for your support! We are constantly tuning the look and feel of combat to best suit our theme. For example, we are experimenting with having characters hurl accusations (with elaborate animations) instead of physical attacks, and having Mental Resolve as the primary resource instead of simply using Hit Points. Your idea of having innocents in the Hall of Accusation is an interesting one! We'll keep that in mind as we shape the battle system. We hope everyone had a Happy Thanksgiving! Please stay safe out there on Black Friday - remember, no discounted DVD player is worth a shopping cart to the ribs ;) @Sam Stone: Thanks, Sam. It sounds like we have some things in common! @Jonah Falcon: Thank you! We can't wait either! I feel especially bad for the two people who pledged $2,000. I'm sad at just $50. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. ear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. You and me both, man. it actually looked like an interesting game. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Me too Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm still salty this never got made. +1 This user's account has been deleted. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I like it! Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. "Last login Jun 12 2014" They're long gone, friend :( Plan: Start a new, barebones, cheap-ass game infringing on this copyright, and dare the creator to file suit (thereby outing him). Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. This user's account has been deleted. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Last login Jun 12 2014 - They've definitely scammed us. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. The project creator will likely never show their face here again, but I'll post this message too, mostly as a warning to others and as a reminder to ourselves to be a lot more careful with backing campaigns. ***** Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I wish Kickstarter would stand by their terms, but sadly the guys who made this game are ghosts. There is never going to be a way to track them down unless you can do it yourself. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. @Stone HAHA good luck...the guy cut-and-run years ago... Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. @William Schütze well...the company never existed...no-one connected to it ever gave their real name...everything shown was pre-rendered...and all communication was cut the second it was funded. It was a scam. What actually happened with this project? :( Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I think everyone is copy-pasting the first one who posted the refund request - but honestly, could anyone blame us? Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. nah...I'm here too...checking on whether or not KS will ever actually do what they said they would do in that Terms&Services agreement about failed/scam projects (... ... ...spoiler: they won't.) guess im the only only one who looks at this now lol :/ I'd like my refund for this. It's been several years. I still keep looking at it... and remembering x.x I'm sad about this. I remember being so worried they wouldn't make it and being passionate about it happening and then this happens... First kickstarter I donated to that was a scam, but I'll definitely be more careful in the future. What a shame. This game is gone people, don't expect any updates. It has been over 2 years now.. We were suckered, plain and simple. This is why I refuse to back anything where we don't know the names of the creators or photos / videos of them talking. There is no real way to track these people down sadly. Any news? Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Is there any update on the status of this game? still waiting on that game. thanks kickstarter... At this point, I guess we can confirm it was a scam? *Put a second X in the scam list, right beside Confederate Express. The sad part is, if you look at Golgom's page and the projects they've backed, they've backed recent projects only a few months ago. Why has Kickstarter not tracked them to lodge some sort of punishment or SHUT DOWN the account? I'd just like to re-voice my opinion that the people involved in this project are TERRIBLE HUMAN BEINGS AND SHOULD BE ASHAMED. They are a disgrace to their parents and their family. It's appalling behaviour and I don't understand how they can be happy with themselves. We made kotaku. :) <url>"build your own mansion" and business development stuff. But I might be able to make it so that the killer is a random person instead of a set script. Any thoughts? Maybe we'll see this get resurrected as a F2P iOS game in a few years... @David Scott...if it is the same guy...the game definitely was a scam then...because that creator claims to be a Canadian living in Greece, while this one said he was from and still lives in Texas. Also he has an active KS right now...<url>"Careful who you back. Not our problem they weren't legit after they passed whatever screening we did" and be done with it. The best we can do is try and track down the creators and have them be held accountable. But barring a class action lawsuit which is very unlikely, not sure a lot can be done there. This has me heartbroken. This was the first thing I ever backed on kickstarter and was so looking forward to its release on steam and now it looks like that wont happen... So does anyone know someone that backed through paypal? that should give us an active account to chase down. The requirements for launching things on Kickstarter are a bit stricter now, including the requirement for verifying an identity I believe, which is displayed. I think those changes came about in response to projects like this where everything goes quiet and the backers are wondering what's happened. Unfortunately, and possibly a red flag ignored by all of us, the above video for Mansion Lord does NOT include an introduction from the dev team, it's just all about the game. All links outside go to things tied to "Golgom Games" which may or may not have ever been a real company (S-corp, LLC, whatever) so the details from whois may be the only info we have to go on, assuming that's whoever was actually behind Golgom. It's very easy to create a website, create a twitter account, facebook page etc without including a lot of real traceable info. Like all of you I was excited by the content offered, and ignored the fact that there really is nothing to show us the people behind the project, or their credentials / ability to produce a game. To SVRs point, yes, Kickstarter should have more info, and Amazon who processed the payment will have even more since the process to be approved for Amazon Payments prior to being able to launch a Kickstarter around the time these guys did was far more stringent (SSN, bank account details etc). But I doubt Kickstarter will give that up except to the appropriate parties if someone decides to pursue legal action... and that's the kicker. Who is going to go to that trouble for their $10, $20 whatever. I think we've been had, and that's that. @Sean Perryman <url>"this is between the creator and the backers" - however not sure how the backers can do anything as they don't have a contact to the creator I've just reported this project to Kickstarter; though I can see a number of you have done this as well and clearly Golgom Games are yet to respond and/or simply do not care. Kickstarter's terms are quite clear, as well as how much of a role they play disputes like this (next to none) so to me the question is "Did Golgom ever intend to create this game?" and right now I don't believe they did. I wish they'd prove me wrong, but the unanswered complaints on here, their steam page, and their facebook page are fairly compelling indications they won't do that. I backed this at the $25 tier - hardly the end of the world for me, and a cost I'd happily eat if they showed accountability, demonstrated what they had done, where things had gone wrong, and broke down where the ~$25,000 they netted after fee's has gone. But they don't seem to want to do that either... Not sure the proper way to go about getting a refund in this case. Golgom has failed to provide absolutely anything but pictures and empty promises. Best thing to do is get the word out I suppose. Unless someone knows the process to getting a refund from someone who has vanished. This is absolute BS. These people are are scum. Way to ruin crowd funding for everyone. If this is dead then I want a full refund. I think it's time, past time, actually, that everyone gives up hope on this. I get the feeling Golgom didn't even actually do the work they said they did. I've reported the project for post-funding issues and while KS may not do anything about it, it's about all I can do as well. Though the number listed as administrative contact for the golgom web site comes up as Grand Prairie, TX now. Someone could always call the land lord and see if he's still there. Rosewood Apartments 555 Rosewood Ave, Camarillo, CA 93010, (805) 484-1415 So... This is pretty much dead in the water, huh? Any1 from Camarillo or somewhere near and could check if the dude still living there? I have extremely mixed feelings about this project. On one hand, who comes back to the project after five months if they actually ran away? On the other hand though, who disappears for five months, already leaving people wary, and then now for essentially another four. Their alpha was supposed to go up in September, and that seems like something they'd put out quickly, if they have it done, which at this point, I doubt. Also, they said they'd be sending out surveys for the created content soon (back in August). I doubt anyone has seen a hint of that survey. I backed at the $50 level because I wanted this to succeed that much. And I backed back when I wasn't as wary of projects as I am now. If nothing else, even if the game does get made, the way this project has been handled has pretty much assured I will avoid anything less than a full on already completed game from Golgom, if that. Once again, Golgom, if you're still there, pop up and make me look like a fool again. It's better than knowing you've run. Oh, and come with a demo at least as the updates and scheduling seems like it's nothing more than theorycrafting at this point. I choose to believe as well since this was the first game i kickstarted >.< I'm willing to give them time; they suck at keeping in touch, but I still want to believe they're working on this (I know, I may be naive, but still it is better for me to believe this than to believe they've ran with the money). Looks like this is the one project I backed that I have to write off. Pity. It looked like an easy enough game that it wouldn't have failed, that appears to have done so. I say that as a non-programmer so take that with a grain of salt. And that's assuming it's not a scam and it's just a case of they overshot their expectations instead of taking the money and running. I'm just glad I'm only out $15. Doesn't mean I'm happy being out that $15, but it isn't like I lost a lot if this project went belly up. So Kickstarter just mailed me that they do nothing, If the creator just vanishes. So say goodbye to your money! I am really surprised at how people are taking this, and in a way, I'm impressed. People are willing to be so patient and really give Golgom every chance they could possibly need to get their stuff together. Even if I have been scammed, my faith in people hasn't been hurt by this - but in saying that, I realise that I didn't have as much on the line as other people. It's the bigger backers that I'm worried about, but maybe there is still hope. Earlier on the guys went a long time without an update (around 5 months, Jan to May) so despite the lack of recent updates and their domain name lapsing I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt until the end of the year before I write this off. With that said, like you guys, I'd really appreciate some update on the current state sooner than later! D: If you backed this project, PLEASE contact kickstarter, I don't care about my 15$ I just don't want those Golgom Games asshole to have 30k for scamming people! Still no news about this? Please i also want this game to become a thing i was soo happy thinking the do date that i was able to play was near >.< to find that it got delayed and now looking like it wont exist at all.... I second what Aleksandar said, what you've showed up until now looks very interesting, so please talk to us. C´mon please Golgom crew, don´t let this turn into a scam; it will damage You far more than those cca 20 USD we would lose... I want to see this game published and I really think (among other here supporters, obviously) You made good game concept and idea here. To that I would add that this title if done right would easily pass Steam Greenlight and with it would add some additional income for You, as well as later sales and or bundle-deals; additional and often good extra income could come from cross platform ports for Android etc... Talk to us, it is not to late. Just did some digging through the historical whois on the domain they had. Not sure if this is helpful or not. <url>’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Marissa Reported to kickstarter. I've reported this to kickstarter as a post funding issue. At the very least they should at least tell us if the game could not be done. That I can forgive but taking my money and running is not something I can abide. I wish I could say I still had hope, but the lack of updates in recent weeks doesn't bode well at all. Shame, as I was really looking forward to playing this :( It's a shame they decided to take the money and run. They could have made so much more if they had worked towards a release. @Alexander Hubner Consider yourself lucky... for me, it was 25. So the <url>"requires monthly updates" and that a "late" update is somehow proof that they've been robbed. After nearly four months of silence on ALL fronts. Not here, Steam, Facebook, Twitter, their own web page, nothing. I believe we were all entitled to our assumptions. I expect updates to slow significantly after a project finishes, but a third of a year is a very long time between updates. As Adrian said, a heartbeat once a month that just said 'Hey, we're still alive, sorting out issues, things aren't up with our original plans' etc. Just anything at all and I would have willingly accepted it and moved on. As backers who funded the project, I believe it's only natural to start to think the worst. I'm sorry we can't all be the pinnacle of trust that you are. But I digress. I'm simply content to see an update from them. I still would have accepted one that said 'we're alive' from them. My apologies @Golgom for not having more faith. I look forward to the development of Mansion Lord. At least we all learned something about assumptions, and accusing people of taking their money and running, right? They finally did release an update, and they seem to have a proper plan. I wish they had sent a heartbeat once a month at least. There's always something to say, "we are trying to figure out game-changing design issues", "our programmer has worked on some frameworks", "we are late" etc It's really a shame that they would do this. Really, really sad . . . I'd like to still have hope in them, given the amount of effort they seemed to put into everything, but with the facts as they are, I really can't do anything but assume we've been had. I'm salty about my loss, but I'm more disappointed just that it won't be made. Sympathy goes out to the ones bold enough to back even higher than myself. Yeah, with not a word from them for months I am guessing they just took the cash and ran. it is getting to that points where you start to worry. Even the most basic update just letting know the status of the game would help at this point. Or at least noted that they didn't finish it yet . . . Just something at all, even if it isn't good news. I wouldn't say I'm worried, and while I agree that I'd rather they put their efforts towards the game, when there's three months without a word, well, people start getting antsy. Especially since they said their pre-alpha build would be done by March 7th. You'd think they'd have at least noted that . . . No updates on here or Steam. Not a great way to inspire confidence. I'm not worried. I'd rather they be spending their time working on the game :) I must say that the lag of updates for this game is worrying. Could we at least get a check in about it? Ah, found your update on <url>… Unfortunately, I don't think this was the ideal time to do a Kickstarter, with people having spent most of their cash on Black Friday sales and Christmas shopping, and before people get their Christmas Money gifts… I was super low on cash, else I might have pledged more. In fact, I was avoiding checking Kickstarter as much as possible due to money issues… hence why I only caught it very recently… I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people were/are in a similar position to that over the X-mas period… We're gonna make it! :-D Only $1000 dollars to go! GOGOGO! I wonder if we can make it to 1,000 backers. The Adventure Lights!!! is the best Soundtrack Music EVER!!!! LOVE IT!!! If the goal is met, are you planning a Paypal option? Two and a half days to go and only two thousand away. The reminders haven't even gone out yet either. We're totally gonna make it! Let's go! @Alexis You're right, probably not going to be any stretch goals accomplished, no, but on the plus side, the actual game will be made and they can always host a seperate kickstarter or sell some 'expansion' like updates. If it makes the game better than what it already looks I wouldn't mind paying out some more. Just up'd my pledge! Really want to see this game funded! :) Getting close... Pretty sure this is getting funded, but it's a pity we likely won't see any stretch goats unless new backers start flooding in. Less than $2,500 to go. Less than $3 per backer could make it handily. It would be crime if this game doesn't get Kickstarted and sadly there will be no Murder Mystery RPG to solve it So here is hoping you break your goal. This game is looking bloody magnificent! Can't wait to play it! Done. Hopefully that'll bring us closer to the goal. So I pledge and then add another $10 on top of that to get the soundtrack and manual? You can the Soundtrack as a addon for 10 USD to every tier. I wanna pledge more but I don't want to loose the soundtrack. @Martin - I believe it's saying that, given the price of the tier, your're getting the extra copy cheaper than an add-on or buying the game post-KS. The wording for Detective Duo is strange. Most of it sounds like a second copy for a friend (or yourself) but then there's the last bjt about 25% off discount for the extra copy. Is that the savings built into the tier or is that the actual benefit of the tier, a discount--not a second copy. Game looks cool and that trailer music was rad :) Okay, still got some time guys. I think we can pull it off. We just need to buffer the number as much as we can before the 48 hours notice goes out so we'll be more likely to hit it after that surge. @Everyone who hasn't pledged. Please support this wonderful idea! Ten dollars for a spiffy new game. That's it. I mean, that's like what, two meals at McD's? We should be more encouraging of unique spins on things, not hesitant, so come on and pledge! If it helps, just think of the over eight hundred people you'd make happy! I posted a thing in the Mighty No. 9 forums. Hopefully this'll be heard over the ****storm going on over there. @DisorientedEffigy I know! but I have not yet picked up the DLC Brave New World for Civ V and many other great games. A pledge of $25 I am doing right now is already pushing my budget but can't say it's not worth it! Raised my pledge from $16 to $50. There we go. Nice to see a decent increase in the funds. Way to go everyone. @Sam I was honestly hoping people's impulses were still going. I mean a unique and intriguing new game for ten dollars. Who can pass that up? Oh, I must have passed that up! My bad. I will be increasing my tier for sure. Thanks. I almost did not back you guys. Honestly I do not think this is a good time for a gaming kickstarter because of the upcoming holiday gaming sale on everywhere (steam, gog, gamersgate) I supposed to preorder TWD season 2 but thankfully my gf bought it to me as a gift for Christmas. Still wish you guys the best! With less than $7k I have no doubt that this will get funded. Raised my pledge from Inspector to Profiler, hope that helps. I really hope this project gets funded! Well, just raised my pledge thirty five dollars. So that's ten for me and get's two people off the hook. Now the other 807 need to raise their pledges by ten . . . @Christian - If you add $10, you get all the extras from the Connoisseur tier, including the soundtrack. I really want the soundtrack, but I want to buy a higher pledge. If you offered means to obtain the soundtrack with some of the other tiers (maybe some sort of "Include such and such money in your pledge for a copy of soundtrack") I would increase my pledge and include the additional money for the soundtrack. Otherwise it looks like I'm stuck with the tier I'm at. Hopes to see this. I hope this kickstarter succeeds! If everyone donated an extra $10 we'd hit the goal in no time so please consider increasing your pledge. Doesn't look like this is gonna succeed, even though it's gonna get close to the goal.. Damn. Are you going for a second run? Gotta know so I can pledge again if you do... I've posted in Reddit, Digg, and Chucklefish forums. Unfortunately, I'm not rolling in green either, or else I'd be doing more than I am. Still will most likely. Try and help with that last push and pray it will be enough. If there's a surge, as there likely will be closer towards the end, that's when I'll push for more. Might inspire some others to pledge/raise as well if they see it going up rapidly. That's what I'm hoping at least. Saddly I don't have 2k to immortalize myself... =( I did share this on FB though, so hopefully someone will see it and be interested. After all, the backers share the responsibility of publicizing projects too. =) I think this kickstarter needs a lot more of publicity. I have encouraged people to vote this on greenlight but I think to persuade people to pledge this, a form of publication is needed. Have you tried to contact any news groups on the internet to advertise Mansion Lord? It would help a lot! No idea why this isn't funded already. I hoped the kairosoft army would come and drop some bucks. 4k tier free now by the way @Golgom Games Sure, here's the link. <url>"Connossieur" backer level! Congratulations on Greenlight success on Steam platform!!! Cannot wait for this gem! I will legitimately cry if this game doesn't get made. This is all I want out of life. Go for it guys, I really hope to see this project to completion! Great ideas and hilarious execution XD A few features I'd really like to see: - a development in the relationship with your maid (like lover or accomplice), because maids are awesome XD - the possibility of hiring a different maid, or more than one. Good luck you're half the way, I would love you recieve enough money for the psvita version, I want to play this game on the go. Make another slot for the $4000 pledge so Jonah Falcon can buy it! I want to make those stretch goals!! (Um, plz... :) Oh my gosh, this looks so awesome. I found out about it from Siliconera.com and I came to insta-back and vote for it on Steam. I sure hope it can make the PS Vita stretch goal. That would be the ultimate platform for it, in my opinion. Excited about this! Here's hoping Mansion Lord will keep me busy for longer than with any Kairosoft game! This is already my favorite game and I haven't played it yet. Seriously. Perfect. Nooooooooooooooo! Someone took my $4000 pledge! (sob) I wanted Lord J. Adam Falcon of Falcon Manor tormenting his unlucky benefactors! (sob) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Backed. And have to say that I'm the most excited about this about all the things I backed. Which makes me wonder why it's not blowing up... Like Wayne I'm not quite sure of the combat/battle part, however the rest of the concept looks far too good to pass up. The game already has my pledge. Seems like a fun game to me! I like the idea for the most part...the one thing I find off putting is the "battle" personally I think it'd be better with a phoenix wright type of combat.You need to gather "clue" to successfully have the culprit captured and there should be a penalty for any innocent you accuse. A mix of clue, kairosoft-like simulations and JRPG sounds very much like a stroke of genius to me. :D That said, I must say I find the "totally rad trailer music" purely unbearable. I usually like 8-bit style music, but this one... Bleh... First time ever I watch a KS video mute. :( If the in-game music is anywhere close to that, I guess I'll also play the game mute. interesting pixel game! let's see through the updates what interesting gameplay things it has to offer I'm in for the wii U port, but oh my! it is too much far away.. :_( Wish I could afford the $4000 pledge :p I immediately thought Hisui, too. Obviously, The Brainwashing Detective is key to drumming up more "business" by "encouraging" more murders to take place. Also, I had a question about how the game's RPG system works, but can't find any proper forum for this game, so I put it on the Steam forums, but it doesn't seem like anyone noticed it there, either - <url>"Clue". :D I always love to see new, creative games like this one! ^^ So I instantly decided to back you guys! Btw. it might be coincidence, but I love how the maid resembles Hisui from Tsukihime. Will there be several maids to chose from, or is she the only one in the game? Or is she simply one of the detective characters? Oh, just an FYI, posted last night: <url>