Thank you so much for taking a few minutes out of your day to stop by and consider backing my first Kickstarter project - Meepillows! I want to personally thank you in writing since the producers of the video didn't think I had "it" to speak on camera (self-reflection is very hard). I want to sincerely express my appreciation to you and the hobby that has changed my life - board games! Is it weird to say that? Perhaps. But through all the friends I have met, all the colleagues I have connected with, all the strain my brain has endured at game night, and all the good times it all has brought, I feel that it has changed my life in a very positive way. Now, here I am! Instead of backing another board game on Kickstar... hold on... ...yeah, I just backed another game on Kickstarter... Anyway, I finally decided to create my own board game related project. I not only started my company Top Shelf Fun through my innate desire to be a part of this great hobby, but to bring something different to the tabletop/sofa. By backing this project you are not just helping me bring a Meepillow to your gameroom, but you are helping me set my company up for sucess to create other future projects! There are some pretty hefty minimums from the manufacturer to bring a plush to life, and I am doing it with 6 different colors! It's crazy, but I am confident we can make this happen. I really believe we can do this together! So, once again, a big "thank you" for stopping by while your boss isn't looking to help my dream become a reality! Now, I know what you are thinking! What are 'Thank You' goals? Well, when I started this project I didn't know what to expect. At all. I knew that I didn't have the ability to upgrade the Meepillow in any way as a product (no component upgrades were possible), so I didn't include "Stretch Goals" in my campaign. Since this was my first Kickstarter I also wanted to keep it simple and clean. Fast forward a couple weeks and I was so overwhelmed by the community, the support, and how fast I surpassed my initial funding goal I just had to figure out a way to thank each of you. I wanted to express my appreciation in a fun way. A gamer's way! So, here are the special 'Thank You' Goals we have unlocked thus far: 1. Future Discounts: Each backer will receive special codes after the campaign ends that will entitle them to future exclusive discounts on my website. 2. End of Campaign Game: After the campaign has ended I will be taking a survey. I will ask each backer two questions: A. What was the most popular Meepillow color of the campaign? B. What was the total quantity sold of that Meepillow? The backer who was closest to the correct answer of the correct color (you can go over) will win a free set of all 6 Meepillows! In case of a tie there will (of course) be a D20 roll off which will be recorded on video. 3. Official Meepillow Certificate: At the end of the campaign every backer will receive a link to a set of "Official Meepillow Guarantee" .pdf files. There will be 6 .pdfs (one for each Meepillow color) and these particular certificates (blue shown below) will be exclusive to Kickstarter backers only! The Meepillow Guarantee! Again, thank you so much for all of your support. I certainly couldn't have done it without you! A "meeple" is a little wooden pawn used in many modern day board games to represent a player. "Meeple" is believed to be a combination of the words "my" and "people." The meeple originated in the board game Carcassonne which was released about 15 years ago and continues to make gamers out of unsuspecting people today! Glorious Meeples!!! Since then, meeples have been used in countless other board games and have become the unofficial symbol of modern day tabletop gaming. Nowadays, meeples are not only used to represent people, but animals, creatures, monsters, and much, much more. You see them in logos, t-shirts, playing cards, and many other suprising places! They're everywhere! Meepillow Blueprint Meepillows are my interpretation of what the offspring of meeples and pillows would look like. They are soft, huggable and will definitely liven up any room in your home. They are 15 inches tall, almost 16 inches wide and 6 inches thick. They were born out of my love of board games and the tabletop game industry as a whole. The original 6 colors were chosen based on popular player colors used in modern day board games, but from this Kickstarter I hope to grow this business with new sizes and colors! I knew from the beginning that shipping would be a challenge. Unlike other projects, this one would pose a logistical problem of shipping many multiple large items together. The Meepillow is already quite large and an odd shape, and adding multiple units makes the shipping box huge! So, I decided to absorb shipping costs best I could, offer discount tiers on different reward levels, and ship from multiple fulfillment warehouses that will help offset the insane costs. "Dimension Weight" is my least favorite combination of words right now! 1 Meepillow: US $8 / The World $10 2 Meepillows: US $15 / The World $18 3 Meepillows: US $20 / The World $25 4 Meepillows: US $25 / The World $32 5 Meepillows: US $29 / The World $40 6 Meepillows: US $32 / The World $47 Many months later of pulling my hair out it turns out in the end the cost to ship was simply unavoidable. I stopped worrying and decided to just love the project. I hope you do too! I went through a few companies and prototypes until I fined tuned the meeple shape that works best as a giant huggable plush. Even though the shape is simple, it is iconic and it needed to be perfect. Otherwise it would have just been a blob or a weird starfish shape. Making the shape work was surprisingly more difficult than expected. Receiving these prototypes was so amazing. All the hard work was starting to pay off. Having them in hand and being able to show people validated what I already knew. These Meepillows were not only cool to look at, but incredibly soft and quite epic! Prototypes in all their meeple glory! Since the prototypes are just, well, prototypes I needed to test multiple colors as well. In the end the Purple Meepillow (which is clearly more of a lavender above) and the Yellow Meepillow will see the biggest changes. Please note that your screen will not accurately portray the colors exactly how they will be in final product. Between the camera used to photograph the fabric, the lighting, and your computer/phone screen it can be difficult to show the colors exactly as they are represented. Have faith though! They are vibrant and accurate to my specifications! Final Red Swatch Final Blue Swatch Final Green Swatch Final Black Swatch Final Yellow Swatch Final Purple Swatch Help spread the word by downloading these cool Meepillow avatars and using them on different social media sites! Top Shelf Fun was born out of a love for fun, geeky and just plain awesome stuff. Board games, action figures, comic books, pop culture memorabilia, and video games are just a few of my favorite things. When there is no room left on my shelves, the toys will walk the earth. As Top Shelf Fun was indeed born out of a love of board games, Meepillows are the first board game products to be born out of Top Shelf Fun. With your help I will not only kickstart Meepillows, but it will be the foundation of all future products (in which I have many)! I can't thank you enough for your support! A very special 'Thank You' to the following people who helped me get this project off the ground: Kristan Delle - Wife and big-time supporter of my shenanigans. Rob McClure - Actor, editor, and all around great guy. Maggie Lakis - Actress, director, and best friend. Keith Bailey - Art assets and long time chum of immense talent. Brae Howard - Photographer extraordinaire. Kiril Tchangov - Top Shelf Fun logo & Meepillow Certificate designer. Newsworthy? <url>"Thank you!" Never forget that you helped me start my business and make my product a reality. Without you none of this would have been possible. Just think about it. Really consider what you have done for me. My company would not exist. Meepillows would not exist. And all the new ideas I am working on would not come to fruition. So when I say "thank you" I mean it. My life has changed because of you and your trust in me. ThinkGeek Some of the biggest news is that ThinkGeek is now carrying Meepillows ! I consider this one of my crowning achievements and love that we are continuing to spread the love of board gaming. If you log in to the desktop version of ThinkGeek.com you can leave comments there via Facebook. Please share the link and let ThinkGeek know how awesome the board game community is. Leaving a comment or sharing the link helps more than you know! Orange is the New Black In case you missed it, Orange Meepillows are coming in September! <url># of Meepillows ordered when the contest was ran through Survey Monkey. The second winner will be based on the actual number of Meepillows sold after backer drop-outs that happened because of a variety of reasons. The difference isn't much, but enough to change the winner! So, I multiplied the # of the original winning Meepillow color sold by .991 (20 Meepillows) and came up with the second winner #. Crazy? Perhaps. But I wanted to be absolutely fair and because math. Of course I can't just announce the winners without a little fanfare and game of course. There are 6 videos below. Each video is for one of the six different colored Meepillows. Which color did you pick? Watch the video (which are listed in no particular order) and see if you are the winner! Good luck to everyone and thank you!!! Please note that the winner information is linked as a pop-up inside one of these videos. If you are using a mobile device you may not see it and have to view my YouTube Channel for the video. Did you pick GREEN ? Is PURPLE your favorite color? Are you always the RED player? Do you always reach for YELLOW ? Is BLUE a popular color in your group? BLACK is always easy to see on the board! Hello everyone! Just a quick update to tease everyone out there... But first!!! The Meepillow contest will be closing tomorrow night: October 1st, 2015 at midnight EST. If you haven't entered you can still do so here: <url>"Some of the color breakdowns are so incredibly close that I cannot at this time pick a winner because I have just 9 backers that have not filled out their survey." How do you feel about your choice? :) We (mainly you) did it!!! Words can not express my profound gratitude for all the support you have shown me. The entire process was simply amazing and quite eye-opening. I already believed the board game community is made up of the nicest people on the planet, but this simply proved it. The following are just a few celebratory images of how excited, grateful, and proud I am to get Meepillows into your homes: The next step is that you will receive a survey from me (in the next couple weeks). I'll collect all the information I need to ship your Meepillows (including your colors), and then we'll do the contest which is super exciting! Stay tuned and thank you for making this man's dream a reality! With just about 40 hours to go in this campaign I wanted to once again thank everyone for their generosity, excitement, and support for my project! I've backed quite a few Kickstaters myself and I can certainly appreciate every single dollar that has been pledged to make my product possible. With all the other crowdfunding projects out there vying for your hard-earned dollars I am incredibly honored to be the one you chose. The Meepillows Kickstarter campaign will end on Saturday September 12th at 6pm EST. Just enough time to get a few games in with some close friends and family and reflect on the last 6 months and what this project means to me. I hear that there may be a meeple-shaped cake in my immediate future as well. I will post pics. Thank you! Hello backers! What an incredible journey it's been so far. With one week to go I wanted to give you a bullet point list of some information I thought would was interesting. I mean, who doesn't love bullet points? As of today 9/5/15 at 1:00 PM EST: 600 Backers $36,182 raised 241% funded 5976 video plays (which means 5976 times people saw a picture of me - sorry!) The One Meepillow reward level is the most popular w/ 210 backers. These numbers are blowing me away with one week to go still! So, I will take this opportunity to once again thank you for all of your support. You are the best. I also wanted to direct you to a new podcast I had the absolute pleasure of being interviewed on. I almost didn't agree to it since I've a) never been interviewed and b) never been on a podcast. But Scott and Jonathan from the Super Board Bros were absolutely wonderful and I couldn't have been more proud to be on their show. If you have time you can listen to the episode here or like them on Facebook here . Continue to share and spread the word too. It's been amazing seeing the encouraging posts and comments. And don't forget the more Meepillows you buy the cheaper they become per unit! Perfect for game groups or if you simply plan on building a Meepillow fort. Have a fantastic weekend and if you play any board games this weekend I would love to hear about it in the comments below! Hello everyone! So, a couple of days ago I posted my thoughts on having a contest at the end of the campaign to give away a set of SIX Meepillows. I was super excited and thought it would be a fun way to end the campaign on a gaming high note. Turns out that "Contests, coupons, gambling, and raffles" are prohibited on Kickstarter as per their guidelines along with: Drugs, nicotine, tobacco, vaporizers and related paraphernalia. Offering alcohol as a reward. Pornographic material. and oddly enough: Offering a genetically modified organism as a reward. So, this obviously means no contest through Kickstarter. Also, I have had to put a freeze on my funding to genetically alter Meepillows into living plush creatures. Quite honestly the results were frightening and you could say they were becoming nightmarish abominations. Live and learn! So, what this means is I will most likely run the survey through Survey Monkey after the Kickstarter ends. If anyone has other suggestions on how I can do this I would be open to hear them! Thanks again for all your support. Please continue to share this project on your favorite social media sites. I've been completely blown away by the places I've seen Meepillows covered and it makes all this hard work worth it! Hello everyone! An amazing milestone is about to become a reality. Something I never thought could even happen. Thanks to every one of you I will be doubling my initial funding goal of $15,000 in the next couple days. This is ridiculously awesome and almost beyond words for me. So, I have an another idea in addition to future discounts. Something a little more fun. When this Kickstarter ends there will be a survey and I will collect all the information needed to ship your rewards. This includes names, addresses, and equally important: Meepillow colors! Currently, the campaign rewards are based on quantity, not colors. So, like you, I have no idea which color is the most popular at this point. And this is why there MUST be a contest! In the survey I will ask what you think the most popular color is and how many of that particular color sold. The backer with the closest correct answer (yes, you can go over) will win a complete set of Meepillows (1 of each color). I will supply you with the total quantity of Meepillows sold to get you started as well. In case of a tie I will do what any self-respecting gamer would do - D20 roll off! I will of course record this roll off and post it! This Kickstarter is a dream come true and considering it is based on gaming I thought this would be a fun way to celebrate. Thank you for everything and stay tuned for the next fun extra I have planned! Hello all! I thought I would send out a fun little update of some of the "behind the scenes" pics of the Kickstarter video we shot. Some of these were posted on my website a few months ago, but I think this would be a better forum to share. Please enjoy! Little known fact: Through the craziness of preparing for the shoot we forgot the wine. We were forced to improvise by using beet juice. I am completely shocked. Completely and utterly shocked. Not just by the generosity of all you wonderful backers, but by what I saw when I went into my gameroom: Word of advice: Meepillows do not know how to mix liquor and gaming. I thank each and every one of you for the generosity in your pledges, for the kindness in your comments, and the excitement I see online throughout different social media outlets. You have made this possible and I now know that my company will succeed. So thank you for making this happen in a ridiculously short amount of time. Perhaps now my palms will stop sweating and I will be able to hold my wife's hands again. Hello you wonderful backers! First, I love you all. To say the last 24 have been stressful would be an understatement. Medically speaking, how long can one have sweaty hands before they should see a doctor? What about elevated blood pressure you can feel in your ears? This Kickstarter is my first created project and it's been a roller coaster ride since it launched just 24 hours ago. But, because of you it has exceeded my expectations thus far. All because of you. So, thank you from the bottom of my meeple-loving heart. You are the reason this project will be successful, and I can't thank you enough. Keep letting others know that you are a proud backer on your favorite social media sites. I love seeing all the shares and the support the board game community has shown me so far. So, now it's time to unglue my eyes from my laptop right after I check "monitor eye strain" on WebMD. Thank you! You'll be able to order them at www.meepillows.com. So many colors so little time! @Matt S - Thank you so much for the information. There definitely were numerous benefits to using the fulfillment house I did in China, but there were some unfortunate issues I ran into as well. Thank you for your support and being a backer! @Joel M - Went to check your tracking and looks like it was actually delivered today! @Everyone - Thanks for the kind words, I'm so glad you like them. Keep posting those pics! @Samantha B - I'll inbox you better tracking. It's so close! :) @Rob R - I'll message you momentarily. Thanks for letting me know! @Mark - The US sorting center has been quite the pain, but a lot of packages have been freeing up from there over the last few days. I'll keep an eye on it as well and inbox you. Thanks for letting me know! @Domenic T - Schrodinger's Meepillow is my new favorite phrase. Rest assured your packaged is waiting for you. Thanks again! @Joshua W - No worries, your other packages appear to be arriving this week while one straggler Meepillow will be fashionably late next week. Since the fulfillment house processed in batches this is not uncommon, but the holidays did cause numerous delays in shipping. If you need any more info message me - thank you! @Bridget E - Looks like they made it out of the holdup and are on their way! I'll inbox you the details! @Kevin S - So glad you like them! Thank you for helping bring this project to life! @Thomas E - Excellent! The tracking info was definitely a not great with the company I used which I will definitely be posting an Update about shortly. Thanks for the info! @Dennis B - Yes, many people have been receiving their packages over the last two weeks, but there were regrettable delays due to the holidays. I'll inbox you the tracking info. Looks like you will have your 3 packages before the end of the week! Bertrand - I'll inbox you your tracking and any other information I have! @Zen L - looks like the rest are just about to be delivered too! @ Rimas K - Wonderful! I'm so glad! Also, I'll send each of you a message very shortly with any new information I can find - thanks! I see that quite a few packages were delayed at the Sorting Center. They are definitely not lost, but taking more time than was expected by the carriers, possibly due to the holidays. I will continue to monitor orders as best I can and answer any questions you have. Please make sure to INBOX me with any tracking concerns. Thank you to everyone for your continued patience and excitement as the Meepillows are making their way to everyone around the world, just some places faster than others. @Rimas K - Just inboxed you! @Amanda - Soon enough... soon enough! @Michael K - Blue / 766. You got the color and came pretty close! @Nathan J & Jason W - I'll inbox you the tracking information - thanks for letting me know! @Titus - The average delivery time has been 7 to 10 days from date of shipment that I've seen. I'll look into your tracking info and inbox you! @Iain S - More product will be available once the rest of the Meepillow hit the US. They were due in December, but with the shipping delays it will most likely be January at www.meepillows.com. I will be working on implementing special discounts just for KS backers as well! Thanks for all the wonderful confirmations! I love seeing where they are popping up around the world. Be sure to post fun pics with you and your Meepillow friends! @Andrew P - So close!!! @Paul B - So glad they surprised you! Please be sure to post pics! I am working on the video and will send out an update with the winners VERY soon (by the end of this week)! @Michael B & Richard R - That is music to my ears - thank you and enjoy! @Claude V - I certainly apologize and continue to work on getting information out to everyone as it comes in to me. Please let me know what else I can do for you to make this an enjoyable and worthwhile experience for you. I want you to be happy and proud to have backed this project. Inbox me any time! @Nikolai - Already inboxed you and they are on their way - thanks! @Richard R - Can't wait for you to get it! @Marco C - Please send me pics or post them on my Facebook page - thanks and enjoy!!! @Ronn A - I'll inbox you shortly (your orders did ship). Thanks! Just a friendly reminder everyone, please direct message me through the Kickstarter messaging system. It makes it infinitely easier to keep track of everyone's information, questions and my responses - thank you! Jenn M - Looks like it was shipped and there is movement. I'll inbox you the tracking info to make sure you have the same number. Thanks! @Amanda - Great! @Michael K - Great x2!! @Sarah R - Great x3!!! Yes, the e-mails are sent out when the order is processed. It may take an additional day or so to start seeing movement. @michael K - I will loo into this for you and Message you back. Thanks! @Zen Liu - All 6 of your packages are shipping according to my screen - no worries! they just may be processing at different times. @Amanda - Both of your orders have processed and 1 already has shipped (they are shipping in batches). Keep an eye out for another e-mail and check that spam filter. No worries! :) @Dan - no need to worry! Shipping began this week and there are quite a few packages to go out. They are going in waves so you should receive your notice in the next few days. If you don't please message me directly. Thank you! Hi everyone! Please do not worry! The descriptions should only list the colors and not the quantities. So if you ordered 1 of a color or 3 of a color it simply just lists the colors. This is just a "descriptive field of items" and not a packing slip per se. I have confirmed with the fulfillment warehouse and everything is A-okay! @Mariam G - Unfortunately addresses have been submitted to the fulfillment house in China already. If there is anything I can do to update it I will! Send me a PM and I will get back to you. @Elizabeth - I will be sending out an Update as soon as I receive confirmation that the packages started shipping from China. If the fulfillment goes as planned everyone should be receding their Meepillows in the next two weeks! Happy day! @Steven - Shipping is starting this week and I will be posting an update VERY soon!!! :) Hello everyone! Shipping Update coming very soon!!! :) @Karen - Fulfillment should be starting next week from China - very exciting indeed! I expect backers will start receiving their rewards right at the end of the month into the first week of December as long as there aren't any more delays (fingers crossed)! @Elizabeth - I will be using a company in China to ship direct to each awesome backer. Yes, the plan is for everyone to receive their Meepillows well before Christmas! @Matthew H - The winner hasn't been announced yet, but will be closer to when shipping starts towards the end of November. I will be posting an Update this weekend - stay tuned! :) @Dan G - Production is underway, and I am still shooting for a VERY late November shipping, but could spill over to early December. @Mike T - Once shipping starts in November I will have to make a final decision. I suspect I will have all the backer information by then. If not the contest will have to go on without them! @Dan G - As of 6:12 PM EST on 10/5/15 I still have 6 backers that haven't responded. I'll be sending reminder e-mails again tonight! :) @Chuck C - First, thank you for your service. Second, I absolutely love your ideas. I have a lot of ideas planned for Meepillows, but the ones you listed below did not occur to me. As I continue to build this brand I will definitely consider your fantastic recommendations! Thanks! @Dan - Fantastic! That's what I like to hear! @Chris E - That is awesome! Most likely I will send an update out for anyone who would like to order additional Meepillows so I can organize all the requests at once. Thanks again! @Steven R - I don't have a great answer at the moment on adding additional Meepillows, but I will add you to the list and let you know! @Jazzy - And I will input all the data into my super computer and a it should spit out a ticker tape with the winner! @Elizabeth - Whew! :) @Dan G - I am working on the surveys now and hope to have them sent out in the next few days! @Sarah R - Thank you! Can't wait to send you your Meepillows! @Wing - I am so happy you were a part of this journey. I can not wait to bring some of my other ideas to fruition! @Courtney B - I just read your comment to a group of people celebrating here at Meepillow HQ and an amazing electricity filled the air. I am truly grateful that my intentions were met with such open arms and minds! Thank you. @Everything Epic Games - That means a lot - thank you. @Adam S - Thanks! And a HUGE thanks to making those awesome BGG ad banners for me! @Scott M - Whoo-hoo!!! @Kevin L - Appreciate the support, thanks! The only option at this time is to pledge separately so you can have multiple shipments. I am in constant contact with the fulfillment warehouses trying to figure out ways to help backers and if anything changes I will update everyone regarding customs, etc. Thanks again! @John W - Thank you for the awesome words of encouragement! The vacuum sealing is something that my fulfillment warehouse does not offer. It's a great idea but I am also a little concerned that it could affect the Meepillow in some strange fashion. The last thing I want is every backer to get a defective item! @Jazzy - Thanks! I can hardly believe it. It's like a weird dream! @vdb - That is a great question. It may be cheaper to actually do two separate orders depending on the threshold of customs in your region. I know the fulfillment warehouse we are using will be declaring the appropriate value of the shipments. Inbox me so I can find out where you are. Thanks! @Mark - Definitely can understand your concern, but the time frame was supplied by the manufacturer and I also added additional time as well to cover any minor delays. Fingers crossed that we run into little-to-no issues! @Johan D - Thank you so much for your support! Most of the rewards will ship from China from a fulfillment warehouse and have to be invoiced as is. However I am continuing to research other shipping companies and well and things could change after the Kickstarter ends. If they do I will certainly update everyone! @Chuck - Thanks for listening! I won't have orange (and other new colors) until after the campaign ends and the dust settles. I would anticipate first to second quarter 2016. Thanks! @Emma - That is fantastic! Perhaps you'll win an additional set as well! :) @vdb - if all goes well and I get REALLY lucky perhaps next year! @Kevin S - Awesome! Can't wait for you to get the Meepillow as well! @Benjamin S - You will be able to pick colors (and play the end-of-campaign games) once the Kickstarter ends and I send the surveys out. Thanks! @Chuck C - Thank you so much for the awesome comment! I'm so glad you enjoyed the video. When I was writing it I knew I needed something unique in order to sell the Mepilog in a fun way. Something "out there." I hope to have a new blooper video put together after the campaign to show all the ridiculous outtakes. Thanks again! @Lynsey - I would absolutely love to be able to do something like this, but it is not possible on large large production runs like this. Great idea though! @Flashs - At this time I don't have the logistics and shipping costs worked out for more than 6 at a time. Please inbox me so I can add you to the list if I am able to make this happen! Thanks! @Tahsin S - That is incredibly kind of you to say - thank you! We had a tremendous amount of fun filming it. A fun fact: we filmed it on an iPhone 6. I cannot believe the quality we got from it. And the actor in the video, Rob McClure, did an amazing job editing it together. @Jens B - I totally understand. That is why I tried my best to discount multiple Meepillows as much as I could. If anything changes before this Kickstarter ends I will definitely send out an update to everyone! @Mark G - Thank you so much! It feels like a crazy dream! @Tim D - I am as confident as my manufacturer has allowed me to be! I anticipated there could be delays so I also added extra time to my time-frame. Of course, anything can happen, but I was diligent in quoting a proper delivery time. Thanks! @Dez - Wait until you see the next "thank you" i have planned! Backer Sarah R was a big inspiration below for me. @Vegard M - Thanks for the question! Unfortunately, I won't have production samples until after the Kickstarter is funded and I pay the manufacturer. They will be the final production copies that will be shipping. At that point I will be posting plenty of pics. However, I will check to see if there is anything I can do! @lichwest - I will do my best to make sure you aren't forced out of your home! @Catherine M - I agree this is a great idea. Thanks! @RIchard R - That. Is. Awesome!!! @Steven M - I think KS has a policy against such rewards. Thankfully. @Jamo - Sorry to say I don't have plans to expand the color selection in this Kickstarter. The 6 colors alone are keeping me super busy and the space requirements are quite big. However, after this Kickstarter ends I will be working to bring new colors to the market. Thanks for asking - I see orange is the biggest request so far! @Adam S - They're going to look like stick figures after this! @Paul M - And I own each and every one of those games (with Euphoria probably being my favorite)! Thanks for putting together that list. When I put this project together I took polls and asked a lot of people about player colors. And even through the many years of playing countless games orange was a more prevalent available color, but I found more people actually wanted purple. Absence makes the heart grow fonder I suppose! With all that being said, I certainly plan on adding orange to the mix after this project funds! :) @lichwest - I've heard a few people mention this and I think it would be a very cool idea. I am certainly interested in this! Thanks! @Matt H - Good question and this is something as a project creator I have struggled with since the beginning. The main answer is because of something called "Dimensional Weight." It's a way for shipping companies to account for the size of larger packages even when the weight is lower. The reward level you are referring to at $15.00 shipping is actually for 2 Meepillows. In that case the size of the box actually doubled. When you add the cost of the boxes, the pick and pack fees, and that actual cost to ship with Dimensional Weight it gets pretty pricey. I tried to mitigate this the best I could by offering discounts per reward tier and finding reliable fulfillment warehouses to ship from that offer the best prices. @Patient 0 - Thank you for being a part of it! @Michael K - The final purple swatch is a royal purple if that helps. Definitely deeper and more appealing! @Sarah R - Thank you so much for the ideas! The certificate is definitely a fun one. I have a few things I am working on, but that certificate is making my wheels turn... @Patient 0 - Actually, one of the first ideas I had was to do an exclusive Kickstarter green Meepillow for backers. However, after putting it together I quickly realized it wasn't feasible at this time do to minimum production runs, product and shipping costs, and then the leftover product would be a big problem. With plush, each color is it's own production line so I am currently doing 6 production runs at this time. Whew! However, I am working on some ideas for backers that may be a special 'thank you' for helping me get this off the ground. :) @Mark R - Great question! They certainly aren't dishwasher safe I can tell you. I will be posting more information about cleaning them this week as per the manufacturer guidelines. @Michael B - I can hardly believe it! I really can't. Makes all the hard work to get to this point worth it! @Min - NEVER!!! :) @Jordan P - Thanks for being a part of this! I'm in favor of many more colors too! After this KS funds, and as I continue to build my company, I will need to figure out a better warehouse solution for sure with all these requested colors. Where was the warehouse at the end of Indiana Jones? @Patient 0 - Thanks! Shipping was the hardest obstacle for sure. If this Kickstarter funds (looking good!) I would love to produce more colors in the future! Pink seems to be one of them! @Jazzy - Another Kickstarter? I don't know if my heart could take it! But yes, I would LOVE to bring orange, white, pink, and even plaid out. Imagine... a warehouse full of meepillows... :) @Jake R - I can't believe how well this is going - thank you! This project was intended to be straight "all-or-nothing" from the start for the original six colors. Afterwards I would be able to focus on growing my company with more colors, different sizes, etc. thanks to backers like yourself! @Erin P - Pink is on the list of colors I would like to produce after this Kickstarter! The KS survey will be a big help for sure! @Michael B - Duly noted! @Sarah - Thank you so much for supporting my project! As long as this Kickstarter funds and there continues to be a need I plan on coming out with a bunch of new colors! Wouldn't that just be wonderful! Orange and white were definitely high up on the list. @lichwest - Not many purple meeple games out there that's for sure. Another one is Municipium (which I haven't played). Therein lies the problem though. I found there was a need for purple meeples! All the research I did and purple was one of the most requested colors! Would you have guessed? @William - That is funny. From what I heard they are like Gremlins. Don't get them wet! @Elizabeth - Thank you so so much. We had an absolute blast filming it! The actors in it our some of my closest friends and did a bang-up job. @Clifton - That is definitely going to be the next color I produce after this Kickstarter funds (fingers crossed)! It missed the short list by this much: | | @Mark - I know they are "virtually indestructible" but I don't think they would survive vacuum sealing very well! Also, the fulfillment houses I use don't offer that service. ;) @lichwest - Thank you so much! We had an absolute blast filming it. I am VERY fortunate to have wonderful friends! Please check out their links on the page! @Marco - Want you to know I certainly have worked hard making it as resonable as possible. But these boxes get big when shipping. Very big! @Robyn - I'm glad you enjoyed the video! It was a lot of fun filming as well. Shipping definitely gets difficult when shipping large boxes. In this case very large boxes. I did my best to mitigate and even absorbed as much as I could. Thanks for understanding! @Caz - Orange almost made the cut. If this project funds I certainly plan on expanding the selection! @Jazzy - Good eye! November is still the plan, as I padded the production times given by the manufacturer. I anticipated some delays, but I believe we should be okay! However, that is not to say that there won't be...don't even want to think about it... unaccounted-for delays... Regardless, thank you so much for your support!!! @Adam - Thanks my friend! I owe you TWO cheesesteaks now. @Patrick - My wife's favorite is purple as well - thanks! @Sarah - Thanks for the support! When (fingers crossed) this Kickstarter funds I definitely plan on expanding the color assortment. These six are the foundation to start! @Erin - I'm excited that your excited - thank you! :) @Richard - thank you! Your support and enthusiasm has been great! What's the address to pre-order the orange? Also, please consider teal as a new color - it'll look great on my couch.... :) Glad to see you are expanding the colour range, as soon as you get to Pink let me know :) My Meepillow finally arrived in Italy today! It's fantastic, thank you! LOL of course the one day I dont go to the po box. Thank you for checking sir I will go out tomorrow and rescue him from the postal service. Just some feedback: Love my set of Meepillows. I am sure my boardgaming friends will love them when I surprise them with their gift. The email I received from the dispatches with my attached invoice I was unable to open on any software on my computer. I have a Mac and tried a few versions of different software to no avail. Also one of my parcels had a huge Lithium Battery sticker on the side suggesting my parcel contained batteries so I am no sure whether this may have slowed the process down of delivery. Once again a huge thank you! I love them. Last info I received on 12/27 was my purple meepillow is in the USA at the sorting center! I keeping checking daily but no movement from the sorting center :-( Anyway, I see others have received theirs , so hopefully the lil guy will arrive soon. Then I get to ship him to my eldest :-) poor guy is going to be tired by the time he arrives at his final destination...lol Hello, My childrens have (finally!) received their meepillows yesterday! They are VERY HAPPY!! (me too!) Thanks ! My final guy arrived today, I now I just need to have friends come over to show them off. Received my two meepillows today. Very happy with them! For others who haven't received theirs yet, take heart.....I never received a tracking email. Last info I received on 12/25 was my purple meepillow is in the USA at the sorting center! I hope it arrives this week! My pillow came last Thursday! Yay! Meeple the Dog loves his new pillow friend! Nothing in Ireland yet and that tracking website is almost incomprehensible. When I've managed to get it to work it tells me it's still in China. Mine came in the mail today! Thanks a lot! Quite pleased with the outcome. The only complain I have so far, is that the tag on my blue meepillow, says "Yellow Meepillow" Nothing received yet (notification or pillows!), I'm in the UK - @Top Shelf Fun - is there a way to check mine are on route? I am having flashes of Toy Story 2 where all those packages where zooming around the airport but the one I'm looking for is nowhere to be seen. 5 of my 6 have shown up in the Burgh of the Pitts. but Yellow is still lost in the void that is the sorting center. Received it yesterday on the 31th. Great timing. The kids love them. Good service and quality. I may or may not have a meepillow (or 2) in the UK. Apparently there's a parcel for me at the office, but asking for package details from my coworkers got nowhere. Also that I never got a tracking email. First day back is this coming Monday, so firm updates then. But I also do like the idea of a Schroedinger's Meepillow. Just thought you needed that mental image. Mine arrived in Australia today and they're amazing. The last of my 5 Meepillows showed up today here in North Dakota! Thanks so much for your hard work on this project. My kids and wife love their new Meepillows! My green one arrived in Finland today! They arrived, and they're beautiful! I have to post them to my friends because I missed Christmas, but at least they're here. Thanks. So I have only received 1 of the 6 Meepillows I ordered so far. It came about 2 weeks ago before we went out of town and I assumed the rest would be waiting for me when we got home yesterday. Only got one shipping email so far and I guess it was for that one. Should I just keep waiting, or do you think there's an issue? Have any US backer received theirs yet? Mine arrived today in the UK which was a MASSIVE relief. Eventhough they arrived today I have to admit that the tracking wasn't that brilliant. The link to the chinese depot said it had left the depot and then never updated. The Royal Mail (postal service in the UK) link I received kept saying the tracking number was invalid. The Meepillows look (and feel) great though :) My and my girlfriends turned up this morning in the UK, great Christmas surprise :) Mine are stuck in China at the sorting centre too. Sad as I wanted them to be a Christmas present. Not to make more work for you but could we have a Christmas certificate or something? I have received the green meeple out of my 6, hopefully the rest come soon. All my meeple have safely arrived by DPD today! Hello, I did not receive my meepillows and i did not receive any news about them... I am very sad because it 's for christmas for my children... What can i do ? Yeah, both of mine are still at the sorting center in China still it seems. They have been there for quite a few days. Three of six received, all yellow which is good as that's the yellows done. Are they shipping in colours separately? I received 2 (red and green) of my 6 six days ago, but no sign of the others yet. Any idea where they might be? both of mine are stuck on "arrival at sorting center." they have been since the 15th. i got the emails on the 10th and 11th. Mine is stuck at "Arrival at Sorting Center", too. @creator - I sent you a message regarding the shipping status of my orders, but I received the important one in the mail today (the green one). That's a Christmas present. The other one is for me, so there's no immediate concern there. I'll live if I get it after Christmas. My red meepillow arrived today. My purple meepillow still shows it's at the sorting facility in China. Hope it's not lost! :) I wish I knew where my orders are - for the last 4 days it has said "Arrival at Sorting Center". I am growing more afraid my kids will have a Meepillow-less Christmas. If the average is 7-10 days, I'm bummed that mine are taking longer. I got the notices for both of mine on 12/10 &12/11 but the 12/10 says it is still in China while the other hasn't moved from NYC since Saturday. Oh well. Can't wait to meet them! @creator: the last shipping updates that I see are "Broken down in orders and handed over to final carrier" and "Handed over to final carrier" in Amsterdam on December 17th. That's 5 days ago, and there haven't been new updates on SFC website since. Is there a way to check for further updates please? No new tracking info since "arrival at sorting center". Now that's just teasing, lol. I had received my tacking info on the 18th but it seems to be wrong. Royal mail doesn't seem to recognise the number. I'm holding out for a today or tomorrow delivery though. I need to get it wrapped. � Is there a way to find out what our guess was for the contest? I literally have no idea what I guessed since it was so long ago... Received one of two so far in California. The wife is loving it as it was her color that arrived. I have not received my tracking information either. I have checked my spam filter but there is nothing fitting the guidance from the last update. Please send me an update as these were supposed to be Christmas gifts. @Mark, when did yours ship? Mine shipped out in the 18th and I'm hoping it arrives before Christmas... Wondered if it's possible to order more? Received two of three in separate packaging (California). Arrived! (in Scotland). One red, one blue. My wife and I are very pleased with them, thank you! No tracking email received yet i'm hoping I don't get one and my meepillow turns up like a few others. the person whose xmas present this is is going to love it! wish I got an extra one for me now. My pillows are on their way! My pesky spam filter ate up the emails telling me, but I was able to find them. Can't wait for them to arrive :) Status update... I just had a knock on the door 10 minutes ago and was presented with a very light box, instantly knew it was the Meepillows from it being light and not making a sound when shaken (hope I didn't disturb the little guys from their slumber). The box was just the right size for my three Meepillows (red, yellow and blue), they were packed in just tight enough to keep everything still but not so much that they'd get absolutely squashed. Each one inside an air-tight plastic pouch so they were safe from the constant rainy weather here in the UK. Quality of the Meepillows themselves is very high... very pleased with the outcome of them. Meepillows have landed in Portsmouth uk! Am so pleased they look amazing, shame I couldn't take them to see Star Wars last night! Oh well will have to go again with my new friends x @Top Shelf Fun. Thanks look forward to the video. I Have posted a pic of them in their new sofa home and already several of my friends want to order some! Any idea when you will make them available for retail? Red and Blue showed up this morning, Green showed up this evening. Hopefully the rest will show up tomorrow. Tracking says mine is at the main sorting hub in London so will hopefully be on its way to my local depot and at my door for Christmas or just after. Can't wait to open the little box of joy and fluffy squishiness. :D Didn't receive a tracking email and assumed I'd have to wait a bit more but mine turned up today. Great job, glad I ordered. Any news on the competition and colour stats? Yay the Meepillows have arrived! I don't know what it is but they are just so huggable and adorable. Great Job Top Shelf. Just got mine this morning in the UK, they are so soft and squishy! I'm sad that we keep getting these general updates with such vague information! The comment :"Any other time of the year a few week delay would not have been an issue for most people, but this project just happened to fall into that time period that can cause the most stress. I agree however the previous post of:" Shipping Meepillow production has begun and we are going to be cutting it very close to the November delivery time frame. As you may recall I padded my times to account for a variety of possible delays, and I'm super glad I did. Everything is still looking good, but I would like to say that there is a chance deliveries could arrive in early December. It's certainly not a major delay, but I will keep you posted on all information regarding shipping since they could be gifts for your friends, spouses, and game groups. Or simply because you deserve a present for yourself (which you most certainly do)!" Enough said! Sadly, I still haven't received any shipping notification. I've been checking my inbox every time I pick up my phone....... :( Yuuuuu! Today my 3 meepillows knocked at my door. I've to admit that I was a little bit worried about not receive the parcel for Christmas, but then...here they are! Thank you again Top Shelf Fun. Great job! Well my tracking informs me that the Meepillows have reached the Royal Mail hub in London. Should not be long till they get to their new home here in Scotland now :) Getting excited for the new additions to the family. Should we all have received shipping and tracking info? Thanks in advance for your time, R Whoops. Just went through my spam and found the Green notification. NEVERMIND :) Got a shipping notification for my Red one, still looking for my green one. :) Do we get to find out who guessed right on the numbers?! Hiya, I seem to be the same as Jenn M - a tracking number that isn't recognised I got my shipping email but my tracking number isn't recognised. Here's hoping it will turn up on the system in the next day or two :D So I got an email, but when I put the tracking numbers in, nothing came up. So I'll give it a few days and hopefully it'll update. But if not, I'm just happy to know they're on the way. I also just got another shipping notice for another blue pillow. @Top Shelf Fun thank you so much!! :D looking forward to them! Based on everything you've said so far, given that I ordered 2 purple, my shipping notice should just have one line, listing purple. But my shipping notice has 5 lines: purple, green, black, purple, purple. Am I getting someone else's order? Or do they sometimes just put extra info in the shipping notice? aw, no tracking email yet... :( But thanks for the thorough explanation of what's going. I'm having the same problem, I backed for a blue and a purple, and my shipping notice only says purple. I bought the one of every color option but my tracking email only says Black meepillow. Is that normal? Yay!!!!! I got my shipping email. Alls well now just to hope they're here in time for Christmas. I hope these Meepillows are not too prolific breeders ;) I got my shipping email! :) How long until we receive our shipping emails? Or should I start worrying now? Same here. I have selected three Meepillows (1 green and 2 blue), but the mail said: "Item Description: green meeple-shaped plush pillow,blue meeple-shaped plush pillow". I wonder if they doesn't count multiples of the same color... Hi I just got my shipping email and I'm worried there might be a mistake with it. I pledged to get 5 Meepillows... 2xBlue 1xRed 1xBlack 1xGreen But the dispatch email only mentions this in the Description... "Item Description: blue meeple-shaped plush pillow,red meeple-shaped plush pillow,black meeple-shaped plush pillow,green meeple-shaped plush pillow" Is my order missing a blue meepillow? Who should I contact about this? Cheers, -Iain Update please. Hi! I just changed the delivery address for my meepillow, but I saw you already started shipping them!! Is it too late to have done this? There was still an "edit address" button under my address in my "view pledge" thingie Any news on shipping? Fab news, thanks for the quick reply, so excited! We can't wait for cuddles with our Meepillows it's so wet and rainy in the UK. Any ideas when they will be shipped? YAY! Looking forward to hugging my Meepillow on Christmas morning Everything will be sent with time to spare for Christmas though right? It takes 3-4 weeks sometimes to get to Australia. Can you please post to international backers first as it takes longer to arrive? So... do we have any results from the contest? I never heard how this was resolved... Any update on shipping? ETA at all? :) Great idea to reduce guesses by 0.9892%. Seems like a perfectly reasonable approach. Unless of course I've won with my original estimate :-) I'm curious, from an operations point of view, at what point do we write off the last 6 non-responders? So...have the 9 finished their surveys so we can get our pillows? :) @Creator Top Shelf Fun... I'm an American! A US Army veteran soldier! My heritage is Scottish, German, Welsh and Lakota Sioux. I would love to see Meepillows in the future (because I'd buy them) that embraces these themes...and more of course from other people. A plaid Meepillow for my Scottish side! A Black, Yellow and Red wavy striped one for my German heritage. A red & white striped body Meepillow with a blue head (with stars) for the All American! And a woodland camo Meepillow (That was my uniform pattern back in the day)...with other current camo choices. William...you get the idea! You're going to make a killing with themed Meepillows!! LOL Hah! I too have realized that I'd like to order more meepillows as four isn't enough! lol! I'll put the survey through, however, please add me to the list! thx:) Add me to that list as well. Now that I filled out the survey, my family decided that we need one additional meepillow. *sigh* Can I order another one? After arduous research, statistical analysis, head scratching and guessing... I have filled out the contest! LoL! Never mind. Figured it out! Silly me... I completed my survey and went to enter the contest but it didn't work. Are you able to send the link to the contest again please. Thanks! Looking forward to my pillows! When will the surveys be sent out? Yay! Congrats on doing so well! I can't wait to get my meepillows! Congrats! Will, CHEERS to you and your HOME RUN success for the MeePillows. Always stay hungry, and lookin' forward on future projects and stories of your success! I'm so excited, but not surprised, the campaign was funded! Not only is this such an amazingly awesome idea for kids, but also allows those of us who are demographically adults, but psychologically children an even better excuse to play with toys and have board game battles! The obvious sincerity in every update, the campaign notes, and emails is so refreshing and makes me even more honored to back this project, but also you! It is people like you who make this world beautifully unique and inspirational! Thank you for so freely sharing your ideas, enthusiasm and emotions via the Meepillow! I cannot wait to have them in my home soon!! Congrats....it is much deserved! Courtney Awesome Campaign! Congrats! Good luck down the stretch... Great campaign, looking forward to getting my meepillows! Loving this last big surge you're getting! Come on $60k!!! I pledged for some meepillows, can they be shipped seperate as to avoid customs. Live in Belgium. Shipping costs quite big.... like the idea of vacuum pressure in box . Can't believe I just found this. This is simply brilliant. Nicely done. (Forgive me if another has already made this...) Suggestion: Vacuum seal the pillows for shipping. You'll be able to fit 15-20 in a Large Flat Rate box. Logistical nightmare, but drops the dimensions down so incredibly low the savings just might be worth the effort. Told you so... "Ur gonna hit 40-50k" from our PM on marketing! Great job and congratulations. Ok, I wanna go for two instead of one. My daughter wanted to buy one with her own money but I guess a good man might bring a present for her. The question is: I wanna avoid customs so It would be better to split the shipment and send me 2 packages (I'll pay for any extras that brings). What is the best way to realise this? Which level and what amount to pledge? These look great, but I must admit I am a bit skeptical about two month delivery with well over 200 pillows being ordered. Just backed your wonderful meepillow project! Is there any chance this can be shipped as a gift? Belgian custom fees can be a real pain in the .... @Creator - Top Shelf Fun...I just heard a podcast with Will Faust and the SuperBoardBros...and there was mention of an "Orange" color being available in the future. How soon in the future?? Like, this week when the campaign ends??? Just wondering because it's my son's favorite color!! :) Well - I'm in for 6 - actually that's not true. There's a couple of us from my game group who are pooling our resources! Can't wait for these to arrive! Looks great. Any chance this Will be in Essen? I'm in for one but would order a few more if I could pick them up there The video totally sold it for us :) When can we pick our colors? @Creator Top Shelf Fun... Ooops! I forgot to say that the message below was for you! @ I will echo Tahsin Shamma's comment! Too many people who put up Kickstarters projects must not care about their professional image. Either don't have a video at all...or they have an extremely poor quality video! Some people have sounded so depressed or monotone...that it makes for a boring video. How can I get excited about their product if THEY're not even enthused!?! Your video on the other hand was a nice bonus all by itself. I laughed and laughed as I watched it over a few times...and then watched it again when I showed my wife and son. Your comedic approach was spot on! We are also very impressed with some of your props...like the giant Carcassonne tile (you obviously took time to make) that was to scale with the Meepillow on it. Nice touch!! The Meepillows I ordered are going to be a big hit with our kids! Guaranteed!! Thanks!! Would it be extremely cost prohibitive to offer monogramming as a stretch goal? I would totally order one for each of my kids. If I want more than six meepillows I add the cost of the additional ones plus shipping to my pledge? OH... MY... GAWD... You guys have done an outstanding job on this video. I would have donated just for the video. But, since you guys are selling awesome pillows, um, excuse me, Meepillows, I just had to have 3, one for each member of the family. Congrats on lapping you goal!!� How confident are you in your November shipping date? I ask because this would be a perfect Christmas gift for somebody. This user's account has been deleted. If this was EU-friendly I would back it. I'm so excited that these are becoming a reality. Now there won't be any fighting at colour choice before games "no you can't be blue, I'm blue! *holds up meepillow* see! " awesomeness I think it's a little difficult to choose between some colors, can you please post a picture of the meepillows with the updated colors, before the project ends at sep13? Future discounts so that way when we get more colors it will bankrupt me slightly less to order all of the meepillows! Future discounts for backers would be fabulous - I for one don't think I can get enough of these... Made the Dice Tower News. <url>"what games use purple" question to Reddit. If you're a fan of purple and want to know, here's what people are coming up with: <url>"Man in a bear suit" delivery option? Grease optional. I don't know if anyone mentioned the idea, but if you go for more intricate designs a wood grain meeple would be fantastic. Why does it cost 15 to ship a pillow? Congratulations on hitting your funding goal The purple prototype looks more lavender than purple. Is it going to be darker than that? (the final purple swatch looks like a good color, but I can't tell if it's actually different than the prototype or just the lighting was different) @Top Shelf Fun - Welcome! I can't wait to see what you decide on! I have two ideas for KS thank yous. Both are printable items that shouldn't cost too much from a local printer, but even if they are too much for your budget, you could release them as pdfs and people could print them. 1. A booklet in the shape of a greeting card. It's a high score tracker. The front could have the color of meeple on it that a person bought and it also has the text "Keeper of High Scores" Then the inside of the greeting card has lines where people can write down the name of the game and the score they got. 2. A certificate that has a picture of the colored meeple and it says something like "Show this certificate before picking colors in a game and you get to play the color shown here." You'd probably want to fix up that text because it's not quite right. I just realised, there isn't a 'Kickstarter-Green' limited-edition meeple that is only available exclusively to backers of this campaign as a stretch-goal. A gaming related kickstarter without exclusive content for backers and stretch goals seems like it is missing something :) Are they washable? Boom! two thirds of the way there, So exciting! I am only in for 3 as its all I can afford, but if these go into full time production after the Kickstarter then I will eventually get all of them Stop posting adorable pictures of your Meepillow prototypes on your facebook page. I'm jealous and want my Meepillows NOW! Im in favor for all the other colors! I can't wait to see how this KS progresses Thanks Donny, I appreciate that. I love your eyes. So far so good, $10 isn't too bad for shipping to Oz but it is still a shame about the vacuum packing, I would have picked up a second one just watch them inflating out of the envelope. If you add a pink one later in the campaign I will pick one up, that would be another Christmas present sorted! So next KS we get orange, pink, white, sand/beige, AND Mini-meepillows, right?!?!?!?!?!? My new Meepillows will want their own smaller ones to snuggle when I am not around, Lol! And jealous pets too! Half way in a day! Any stretch goal plans? I'd love a pink meepillow! :) My wife would love for pink to follow orange. I love meeples! These are so cute! I couldn't resist! Wish I could get more, but two will have to be a good start. I do hope you'll expand to more colors later. Interestingly, the color my husband usually plays is white or natural (wood). This is due to his vision disabilities, the bright color pops off the board better. What games have purple meeples other than expansions to carcassone and 5 tribes? I plan to put my red Meepillow and yellow Meepillow in their own room for a few days, with the door closed. I anticipate an orange Meepillow will eventually come waddling out. Gotta LOVE the video!! Seeing that orange fabric on the final blue swatch picture got my hopes up, but alas no orange meepillow! :( When someone showed me this last week i was really on the fence about whether it was worth it. It was the video. I am buying one for now, but if I find my funds are higher at the end i might get two or three. After all I could use a deep sea diving buddy with blue, A friend to help me smith in the fires of mount doom in red, and a buddy to help me create my own franken monster in yellow. Have you thought about vacuum packing them?I've gotten a king size mattress delivered that was the size of a large duffle bag. Please help EU backers with tax and shipping cost! This is by far the best kickstarter video ive ever seen Yay finally im so excited!!! Sad though because I was planning on getting five pillows but the shipping kicked me right in the wallet! I know that cant be helped though. If there's ever an occasion where shipping costs could go down during this kickstarters run I will def up my pledge! Sad there isn't an orange one :( it's my favourite colour :; Can't wait to get the pillows but I think you delivery time of November is already gonna be shot by your own estimates. There is a 2 week lag on payments, so that will push until Oct 1 and then you have 2 steps at up to 6 weeks, so that is three more months and through the holidays. So I am guessing these are more for New Years! I'll take them! Good luck Will! These little dudes are so cute. I'm stoked you have purple. In for a dollar. If there were orange I'd have backed for more. Good luck! I'm so excited!! Awesome! :) Yay I got to be First Backer these are so freakin AWESOME!!!