Imagine if you could see and understand the invisible activity of your brain. Could you transform how you work? Improve the way you meditate? Find a new way to be creative? Melon is a headband and mobile app duo that tracks and helps you improve your focus in relation to your activity, your environment, your emotions, and any other behavior you want to track. A Lifestyle-Inspired Headband. From the beginning, the Melon headband was built to be worn while engaging in a variety of activities; from working, to studying, playing sports, dancing, practicing an instrument, programming, painting, or doing yoga. How Does the Melon Sensor Work? The Melon sensor turns focus into something measurable, understandable, and improvable. The Melon headband is a wireless brain-sensing device that uses EEG (electroencephalography) to measure your brain activity. From this activity, our algorithms detect your focus, and we use that data to give you personalized feedback on how to improve. We have partnered with a top producer of EEG signal processing chips to access the best available algorithms for mental state detection. EEG has been used widely in the medical and research fields for over a century, and we're excited to make the technology available to you through Melon. (Headbands are available in white or black.) Improve What You Do By Understanding The Things That Affect Your Focus. Input tags indicating activity, environment, behavior, and more. Wear the headband to monitor focus and learn what affects it. Melon learns about and displays your focus for you. Get personalized tips (optional) when your focus dips too low. Each time you use Melon, it learns about what helps and hurts your focus. Insights appear at the ends of sessions and are stored as trends. Understood Self. Melon Provides Personalized Insights. At Melon we are really interested in the idea of Understood Self, which we are trying to add to the movement of Quantified Self. We want people to have a great feedback system for the data we're capturing, so it can help with the activities users already do day-to-day, go beyond numbers and scores, and move towards insights and understanding. Find Your Focus With Origami. Play games to challenge yourself and achieve longer periods of focus. Better focus lets you fold origami faster and complete more complex creatures. The Science Behind Melon. The brain consists of billions of interconnected neurons. When a single neuron fires, it creates an almost imperceptible amount of electrical charge. During normal waking states, millions of neurons are firing collectively in your brain. The cumulative electrical activity that results can be measured on the forehead as brainwaves. Melon measures this global electrical activity by placing three electrodes on the forehead region, with the primary electrode on FP1. This allows Melon to monitor brainwave activity in the pre-frontal cortex. Melon is partnered with NeuroSky, the leader in consumer EEG technology. The Melon system benefits from NeuroSky's 9 years of experience with the following: Signal amplification, which makes raw brainwave signals stronger. Filtering protocols that eliminate known noise frequencies such as muscle movements and pulse. Notch filters that eliminate electrical noise from the grid, which varies from 50Hz to 60Hz, depending on geographic location. Filter technology remains at the forefront of NeuroSky R&D. The NeuroSky chip, used by Melon, filters out the ambient waves present in most uncontrolled conditions and effectively measures neural activity in virtually any condition with 96% accuracy relative to similarly configured research grade EEGs. Become A Melon Developer. Do you have ideas about how to use Melon’s technology in a new and creative way? We are excited to see how the Kickstarter and hacker community at large promotes innovation using the Melon system. The possibilities are endless. Create your own hardware and software applications using the following: Software Development Kit SDK for iOS and Android apps Access to focus data Access to raw EEG data List of algorithms for different mental states (meditation, sleeping states, and more). Connect to and control other Bluetooth devices Hardware Hacking Documentation Instructions for hacking into Melon Create external hardware devices that connect to and work with Melon Limited Edition Poster Designed By Nicholas Dupey: About Us. Founders: The core Melon team includes Arye, Laura, and Janus. We aim to help people understand themselves better through products that are based on human-centered design. Melon is the result of all of our passions and beliefs. We have combined our backgrounds in cognitive science, computer science, measurement devices, electrical engineering, and product design to create Melon. Daily life can be complicated, cluttered, and confusing. We at Melon believe that when people improve their focus, they feel more mindful, confident, and productive in their everyday lives. That's why we are turning to you. We need your help in order to manufacture and deliver our first large-scale run of the Melon headband. And, we are eager to listen to your feedback once you receive your Melon. If you believe in our mission, our dream, or if you just really like us, then please purchase a Melon or donate to this project! We Need Your Help! We currently have working prototypes of the headband and have begun manufacturing small-scale batches. We're also finalizing the design to make sure it meets the manufacturing and testing standards for a commercial product. The funding from this Kickstarter campaign will allow us to set up the tooling and order the components to complete our first large scale run of the Melon headband and launch the Melon app. Your funds will help us: Order the electronic components for our first production run. Move from rapid prototyping to designing and producing the tooling for molded parts. Finish development of the mobile application (iOS and Android) and SDK Package and ship the Melon to your doorstep! Thank you for supporting Melon. FAQ Will the Melon fit my head? Before we ship your headband we will prompt you to pick a size--Small, Medium or Large--based on your head size. Don’t worry, we will make sure you get a Melon that fits! How many electrodes are in the headband and where are they located? The Melon headband has three electrodes. Our primary electrode is on the forehead region known as FP1, where Melon can monitor brainwave activity from the prefrontal cortex. You've probably seen similar setups in the Zeo sleep headband, and the NeuroSky Mindwave (which has an ear clip). What sort of data is available from the headband? The headband tracks EEG data, which can correlate to many things such as sleep, focus, meditation, and relaxation. Developers will have access to all of these different mental states and more in our SDK. Do I have to charge the headband? Yes, you have to charge the headband using micro-USB. It will last approximately 8 hours on a single charge. Can I exercise while wearing the headband We created the Melon headband to be the most portable and functional EEG device on the market, and it is designed to allow for use in active settings. The headband is made of a molded rubber exterior that is lined with a breathable, athletic neoprene meant to be soft on your forehead and to allow for athletic use. That said, extremely vigorous movement or excessive sweat could disrupt signal quality. Hey Backers, Hope all is well! This update is focused on timeline and how we’re approaching problems. Some info on remaining orders: When your headband is processed in our warehouse an email is sent to you with your order number and tracking information. This email is standardized from our warehouse and is sent automatically. So, if you have not received this email yet, your order is still in our warehouse, soon to get processed and shipped. Shipping has taken longer than we thought in part because it has been more expensive than expected, so we’ve made sure to improve our shipping methods to be more cost-effective and to ensure that all Kickstarter units will be shipped and Melon can continue to provide support and grow. Now that we have some more of the kinks worked out (although certainly not all of them), we expect shipping speed to pick back up next week and the following. Our top priorities are making sure that everyone gets their Melon and that the team can continue to improve the product and provide support once everything is all shipped. Delivery schedule: As of today, we feel confident that all units will be shipped in the next 20 days. Once we’re done shipping all of the orders, we will be sure to announce that to all of you. So, it’s going to be an exciting and busy 20 days for the Melon team. And as mentioned in our last update, we’ll also be working on improving communication, transparency, and support during that time and afterwards. Android: As we mentioned in a previous update, while the Android app is not currently ready for release, the Melon team is hard at work finishing it and preparing it for launch. We have enlisted extra support specifically around Android to make this launch happen. The Android app has been our most requested item and with that in mind, we are working to release it as quickly as possible. We’ve asked this new Android team to provide us with an estimated launch date for us to post in our next update on Wednesday, January 25th. iPhone4S and iPad compatibility: This is developed and will be launched in the next version of our iOS app, which we are submitting to Apple next week (in 4-5 days). Happy weekend to all of you, and we’ll be in touch soon. All the best, The Melon Team Hey Melon Kickstarter backers! It's Melon mass production and shipment time! We have accepted all testing that we previously mentioned: production of 100 units (tested, found some issues, and fixed), and production of 500 units (tested, all looking good) and are now in mass production for all of your units (2,723). Packaging is finalized, signal quality is stable, the app is in an exciting stage, Android will ready, and our researcher and developer platform is in good shape! Now it's just a matter of completing mass production, shipping your units, and making sure all the software is live. We hope that everyone has updated their shipping addresses, but if you have not, now is the last chance to do so. You can do this via your Kickstarter account, or you can message us directly via Kickstarter. Also, once all of the headbands are shipped, we will transition our communication with all of you to email, so please make sure that we have your preferred email address. This is also important for receiving your tracking number! It has been a very long path to get here. It has not been easy. It is still not easy, and we are working through weekends and day/night to build this product and company. The fact that you are all still here, supporting us, caring about us, and understanding the effort it takes for a small team of 5 to build an amazing product is what keeps us going and truly means so much to us. Also, a nice surprise - the team recently found out that we were named a Fast Company Design Award Finalist in 2014 for the Health Category, check it out and tweet about it here: Melon Fast Co Design Award . Also, a few nice pictures of Melon in action :) All the best, Arye, Laura, and the Melon Team *This update contains information only on our SDK and researcher/developer tools. An update on shipping will be posted next week.* Hello Developers, First, I would like to say that it’s been almost a year since I joined the Melon team, and I am very excited to be so close to launching our software (and, of course, delivering the Melon hardware). I was really excited about the opportunity to join Melon, because I love building technology that has awesome potential to improve people’s day to day lives. The last year has been filled with amazing times and incredibly challenging, exciting, and fulfilling work. We all appreciate your patience as we’ve worked so hard on the product. In order to get our app out by the time we start shipping, we have pushed the first launch of the SDK to Wednesday, June 11th. We have been using the SDK to create our mobile app and have worked during our development process to pull out the most useful and exciting parts of what we’ve built to put them into the SDK to be accessible to our developer community. Over the last few months, we have also built a graphical UI research/developer platform that will be made available around the same time as the SDK, because we believe this will be an important tool to many who want to build things and perform research with the Melon headband. Here’s more info the on the SDK and research/developer platform: Melon’s SDK (internally known as the MPlatformKit) is built to provide a set of tools that allow you to establish a connection with the Melon headband, read EEG data streams from both channels of the Melon headband (left and right hemisphere prefrontal cortex), control different EEG classifiers (our first algorithms will be for focus, stress levels, hemispheric correlation, and blink detection), applying filters to raw data (FFT, band pass, etc.), and requesting specific filters (alpha, beta, theta, delta, gamma). Additionally, the SDK supports seamless multiplexing of multiple headbands and devices in real time, providing you with a pretty simple way to create complex applications and perform research with data from a group of people. We’ve built the SDK to be accessible to a wide range of developers and researchers, from those familiar with EEG and who want the raw data packets, in all of their noisy glory, to those who prefer filtered data showing cleaner signals or classified data such as focus scores. Classified data will be displayed on normalized scales (e.g. 1-10), which will allow you to create apps that use this linear scale as a controller or measurement that drives action in the app. The Melon SDK will require you to sign up on our website for full access and register for an SDK key for each application you build. The Melon developer/researcher platform will act as a graphical user interface that allows for EEG data recordings, visual manipulation of filters, data to text file exporting, visualization via spectrogram, and classification analyses (e.g. blink detection). This platform is flexible and will allow for developers and researchers to create custom modules that can be placed into the platform with just a few lines of code. Our hope is that this platform will easily extend into whatever research and/or development tool you need. Compatibility: iOS - Done Mac - 95% Windows - In development, will be in V.2 update Android - In development, will be in V.2 update If any developers have suggestions, comments, or just want to offer us help :), please message us or email us at <email>! All the best, Eric, Arye, Laura, and The Melon Team Hi Backers! We are sending you this super quick update to let you know that later this year we will be sponsoring an epic hackathon in Los Angeles with our friends from OpenBCI! Details will be announced at a later date, and, of course, all of you will receive an invite! OpenBCI ( currently live on Kickstarter ) believes in giving everyone access to high-quality brainwave data and has created a customizable and fully open brain-computer interface platform. Melon totally stands behind their mission, and therefore is teaming up with the folks there to create an awesome experience for developers, hackers, and everyone interested in working on meaningful EEG projects. We showed our support by purchasing one of their ‘Hackathon’ levels, and wanted to share their campaign with all of you before it ends on Wednesday, January 22, at 8:00pm EST. If you love what Conor and Joel are doing as much as we do, please share their campaign and/or support it, if you can! All the best, Arye and Laura Hey Kickstarter Backers! We wanted to update you on what the last few weeks have been like at Melon! When we have news regarding an updated delivery schedule, you will all be the first to know. Until then, here’s some of what we’ve been working on: Software Because we won’t be there to guide you through your first Melon experience, we’ve been designing the app to teach you how to use Melon. This includes learning how to connect the headband, navigate through the app, start a monitoring session, play the origami game, and more! We’re making sure that everything is as intuitive as possible to use, so that your training period is short and you can jump right into enjoying Melon. Headband The hardware is getting closer and closer to its final design. Lately, we’ve been testing different manufacturing processes before finalizing our tooling. This is so we can be certain that when we make thousands of Melons they come out with the same detail as our prototypes. We’ve also been working a lot on our packaging design and making it functional and reusable. Melon Labs As we get closer to the production of our headbands, we have been engaging with doctors, researchers, and our advisors to think about how we can create research studies using Melon. There is a lot of desire to see what EEG data looks like in situations where that type of data has never been captured. Melon’s comfortable and sleek design makes it an enticing research tool to many. Growing the Company We’ve been growing the team and will begin introducing all of the new Melon-heads soon! Thank you all so much for your amazing support over the last few months while we have been working to build our dream project, the Melon platform. We love all of the awesome feedback that you send our way, and it’s truly awesome to see your enthusiasm for Melon! All the best, The Melon Team Greetings from the Melon Team! The Melon team recently received the first batch of designed-for-manufacture headbands. That means we’ve been busy testing and finalizing the hardware before purchasing the custom tools that will be used to build all of the devices ordered on Kickstarter. As we close in on the final design, here is some of the Melon team’s daily to-do list: • Building and testing the Melon mobile app. • Creating the API for Melon developers. The developer docs will become available several weeks before delivery of the headband. • Rigorous testing of the headband’s electronic design, firmware, Bluetooth reliability, battery life, and industrial design. • Developing the Melon website and web dashboard for data analytics, downloads, and storage. • Growing the Melon team. We’re adding outstanding people to the team to help us make Melon even more awesome! As you all know, we have made several big and exciting changes to the headband since we launched the product on Kickstarter, thanks to all of your insightful suggestions during the campaign. A couple of the larger changes included adjustability and the incorporation of a 3-axis accelerometer. At the time we launched Melon on Kickstarter, we did our best to predict an accurate delivery timeframe. Unfortunately, it has taken longer than expected to incorporate the new components and headband design into our manufacturing process, so we have to push back the scheduled delivery date since. The team at Melon apologizes for any inconveniences caused by this change. More details about our updated schedule will be posted soon. If you have any questions, please send us a message and we will do our best to provide you with a prompt response. We can also be reached at <email>. All the best, The Melon Team Hey Backers! Preparing to manufacture the Melon headbands is going great. We’ve sourced all of the components, finalized the electrical and mechanical designs, and, most importantly, figured out the best way to make the headbands adjustable. The #1 question we received from all of you was, “Will the headband be adjustable?” So, we spent a lot of time working to make that possible without sacrificing the industrial design (style of the headband). Below, check out some pictures from the design process: Each headband will come with 5 interchangeable units (XS, S, M, L, and XL). Melon headbands will now be able to comfortably fit most people, ages 10 and up. Also, with 5 sizes, Melon headbands will be even more secure during activities requiring movement, such as yoga or other exercise. Now, we are going through a process called RFQ, or request for quotation. Basically, we’re just finalizing which factory is going to be making your Melons! Once that is complete, we will be testing our production lines with a couple runs of approximately 100 headbands. Check out this article about our process so far: <url>’t wait to see how you help us create a platform that is powerful and informative to all of our end users. Stay tuned for updates on our test runs! We love you guys &amp; thanks for all the support :) All the best, The Melon Team Hello backers! Thanks for waiting patiently for our latest update on Melon. The first news I wanted to share was that thanks to all of your support on Kickstarter, ESPN's award ceremony called "The ESPYs" thought our product was so cool that they featured it in this years VIP gift bag for the athletes and celebrities that attended. We were really excited about this opportunity! Now, here's the product update: 1) The software is coming along great, and our ability to generate insights about your focus is becoming more and more refined every day. 2) Headband sizing: We have designed what we think is the best possible solution for allowing the headband to fit any head size, while still keeping the sleek design of the Melon headband. We are really excited about this decision, and once the design for manufacture of this part is finished we will be well on our way towards tooling, the next big step in production! (We'll also share some pictures in our next update) 3) Lastly, Melon took a trip to NY last week and tested one of our new features. The location mapping of all the places you use Melon, and tagging of your average focus. Check it out: Thanks for all the support and we've been working really hard so look for some bigger updates in the next few weeks!! All the best, The Melon Team! Hey Backers, Here's what we've been up to since the Kickstarter ended: Meeting with our manufacturers We're all so excited to start manufacturing thousands of Melons. Finalizing our manufacturing contracts and converting our prototype manufacturing setup to one suitable for larger scale takes time and careful planning. We've been working with our team to set this up and start assembling a few smaller test batches. Finalizing headband sizing One of our most important challenges as we go through the manufacturing process is designing our headbands to fit different head sizes. We have spent a lot of time over the last couple of weeks testing different materials, finalizing the industrial design, and creating manufacturing tools that will make the headband size flexible and able to fit many head sizes while staying true to the design of the headband. Creating new games for Melon On the software side, we've been creating new games for the Melon app so that you'll have plenty of fun ways to wear Melon and train your focus when you get the product. We're really excited about this feature and everyone in the office is addicted to the game we call "Focus Birds." Check it out: Thanks! The Melon team is hard at work to deliver an amazing experience. We will continue to update you on the important moments of the process as we work towards delivering your Melon to you. If you have any questions or comments, you can always reach out and send us a message on Kickstarter! All the best, The Melon Team PS: Check out how Melon looks with Google Glass, worn by Co-Founder Arye Barnehama. Hey Backers, Wow! The whole Melon team is thrilled by how awesome the Kickstarter experience has been. THANK YOU SO MUCH to all of you who supported us and are helping turn our dream into a reality. Also, thank you to all of you who shared Melon with your friends and family! Your help growing the campaign was amazing. We received $290,941 from 2,732 backers , an overwhelming show of support for our company! Our goal is to make the invisible activity of the mind visible and to help people understand themselves better in their everyday life. With your support we can now launch our first product that helps people understand and improve their focus! We can also launch the SDK to grow the Melon platform. As you know, we lowered our stretch goal to $300K in the final few hours of the campaign. Since we almost made it, we have decided to go forward and build the web dashboard , hopefully in time for delivery! Next for Melon: Please stay tuned to our updates over the next few months for important news about the product! Also, we will also be sending you a survey to finalize what colors you want, what size , what address you want the headbands shipped to, as well as other details. This will likely be sent out in the next few weeks as we finalize the production plans! Thank you again for being such an awesome community behind Melon; we love you all! All the best, The Melon Team Melon backers and friends, We're so close to the end of this amazing campaign. We wanted to thank all of you for your support!! This is the last offer of the Melon campaign but if we reach $300k we will add the Melon web dashboard for larger scale analysis of Melon data. That means for those awake for the next 6 hours you can help by: -adding $5 to your pledge to get Melon stickers. -adding $40 to your pledge to get the limited edition Melon poster. -or share Melon with someone you think will be interested. The support we have gotten has been more than amazing and we cannot wait to deliver to all of you the amazing product we believe Melon is! All the best, The Melon Team Hey Everyone! Exciting news! As a team, we have decided to lower our latest stretch goal to $300,000 for the web backend. We need your help to make this happen! Please take a couple of minutes tonight and ask a friend to support the project! Thank you so much for supporting us! All the best, The Melon Team Hey Backers! Over here at Melon, we can't believe that there are less than 24 hours left in our campaign. Thank you again to all of you - we are so excited by all of your support and enthusiasm! Help us finish strong! Please click the link below to tweet and let people know that today is the last day to order a Melon on Kickstarter. <url>’s time to announce our final stretch goal: a web dashboard! The Melon web dashboard will have analyses and visualizations of your historical data and personal trends, all designed to provide you with as much insight as possible. Our goal for this is $350,000 on Kickstarter. We have one week left, so please help us spread the word. Help us out by liking Melon on Facebook! <url>’re halfway through our campaign and amazed that we’re so close to reaching our stretch goal! It's time for a big push, can we get to $200k by the end of the week? Announcing the new Melon Pledge Level: For $500, get 4 Melon headbands and special office hours with the Melon team via phone or Skype to support project/research/development setup... or just to chat :) All the best, The Melon Team Today at 3:18pm PST Melon reached its funding goal on Kickstarter. Thank you again to all of our amazing backers! Reaching 100% of our funding goal will allow the team to manufacture and deliver the headband, mobile app, and developer package to our backers! Based on your feedback, the Melon team has a few ideas for features we'd like to add to the Melon. The first addition that we'd like to add to the Melon headband is an accelerometer . Although it would cost more money for the team to develop, an accelerometer would allow the headband to measure physical activity . A number of unique insights could be drawn from correlating movement data with brainwave data. The accelerometer would also provide another source of data for Melon developers. We are setting a stretch goal of $200k to add a accelerometer to the Melon headband, based on our estimates for the additional development required. If you support this goal, please help us share the word: Tweet about Melon Like Melon on Facebook Also, check out the awesome video discussing Melon on Mashable . Thank you again to everyone for all the support! It truly inspires us to hear all of your kind words about Melon. All the best, The Melon Team Melon passed 100% funded mark a few moments ago. The team will be sending out a more in-depth update this evening, but we wanted to take a moment and say a huge thanks to all of our backers! This is a really special moment for the team and we owe it all to you! All the best, The Melon Team First and foremost, we'd like to give a big thanks to our backers . We can't believe that we are already over halfway funded, and we are so grateful for all of your support. Melon was lucky to get a lot of awesome press today: TechCrunch by Ryan Lawler Fast Co Design by Kyle VanHemert PandoDaily by Michael Carney Greatist by Zachary Sniderman Medgadget by Shiv Gaglani SoCal Tech by Ben Kuo What's next? The Melon team still needs your help spreading the word about the campaign! Tweet about Melon Like Melon on Facebook Lastly, we launched a beta version of an interactive website today. Check it out at www.usemelon.com Thank You So Much! All the best, The Melon Team @BC - the support team will contact you directly to troubleshoot and help resolve the issue you're experiencing. @Pablo- the support team will contact you directly to troubleshoot and help get you up and running. @Cheryl - Thank you for your feedback! At this time, the Android app is available exclusively for download in Google Play Store. A Quick Update: The Melon Android V1.0.3 app is available for download in the Google Play Store. <url>’ve shipped headbands to all backers who have confirmed their shipping address and provided a phone number for delivery purposes. If you have not received your headband, please contact <email> for assistance. If you ordered a special badge when you backed Melon, those badges will be shipped separately from your headband. Please stand by for details and a target date for shipping. For Android beta app support, to report a bug or provide feedback please email <email> For general headband questions and support please email <email> Thank you! @Marcel -- There is an accelerometer in the Melon headband that is not yet accessible to developers in the SDK. Raw data is accessible via the iOS and Android SDKs. Please check out the SDK documentation for additional info. *Developers can email <email> to send feedback, questions and direct support. A Quick Update: *The next Melon Android beta app update is targeted for release on Thursday, August 6th. For Android beta app support, to report a bug or provide feedback please email <email> For general headband questions and support please email <email> If you have shipping questions please email <email> Thank you! Hello all, shipping to backers in Italy and Germany is underway and will continue next week. If you have responded to the Melon Team to confirm your current shipping address and phone number, you will receive an email with tracking info at the time of shipment. For all other shipping questions or issues please contact <email>. Happy 4th of July & great weekend wishes to everyone! Hello all, just a quick comment today, with more information coming later this week and next. We are finalizing options for Italy and Germany customers and we plan to reach out to all of them. As we mentioned, the team is growing, and once they're all caught up to speed we believe this will help improve frequency and speed of updates. Hello everyone - We just wanted to post a quick comment and let you know that more frequent updates will resume in June, starting on the 1st. As a team, we've had to focus our full attention on some pressing matters outside of Kickstarter for the past couple of weeks. But now we're thrilled for 5 new team members to be joining us full time on June 1st and for things to continue to progress on our side, faster than ever!! More next week... :) Hey all, Just a quick heads up - the post with details on the android beta-app launch, and how to access the beta is scheduled for tomorrow or Friday depending on how quickly turnaround in the google play store is (we've heard it's very fast). At that point we will have more details to share, so we figured this was best. Thanks! Melon Team Hey all, Just a quick update on Android. We have a version of the Android app working. It still has a few known bugs. Many of you suggested that you'd be happy to beta-test the app just to get something working with your headband. We looked into beta-testing options for Android and we're preparing a version that we'll be opening to beta-testing before we launch the app fully to the Google Play store. We will be posting information on joining the beta-testing in our update this Wednesday, and we appreciate the feedback and ideas. Looking forward to having Android soon! -Melon Team Hey all, Just a heads up, Android is not live yet. That said, we'll be posting our weekly update tomorrow with more thorough details. Thanks! Just to give everyone a heads up, this weeks update will be posted tomorrow :) Talk soon! - Team Melon Karl - Yes, we are still shipping! We've just sent you an email from our <email> email address. Note to developers: Please 'buy' the SDK when you are ready to download it. The download link is only good for 6 hours. That said, if you already 'bought' it and missed the download window, we can reopen your link for downloads later. Just send us an email at <email>! We hope everyone has a great weekend! Hey Everyone, The iOS/OSX SDKs (in beta) and Android SDK (in alpha) are available to download at developer.thinkmelon.com Also on our developer page is a forum for everyone to help each other out, suggest changes, and interact with our developer. Again, we're really excited to see what everyone builds and eager to help! SDK Release Moved to Wednesday the 18th We've created the email "<email>" so that you can start having technical conversations with our team about your projects. We're really sorry for any inconvenience this delay may cause anyone. @All - we've worked through almost all the emails sent to <email> and appreciate you all providing us with the information to help make international shipments happen more smoothly. We're continuing development on Android, iOS update is accepted by Apple and should be released any time early this week, and SDKs are on target. We'll be providing our weekly update but just wanted to let you all know what we've been up to! @Remiam, battery doesn't run down faster if the two ends are connected. Thank you all and we'll post an actual update with more info this week! Note to all custom badge backers. No custom badges have been sent out yet, these are being taken care of and sent out separately after headband shipments are complete. Update #37 now posted :) Have a great weekend! We have updated our website: www.thinkmelon.com to include a more extensive Support/FAQ section, which acknowledges most of the questions asked on our comment board and in emails. We hope this will be helpful, and we will continue to grow this information base over time. Hey all, update #36 posted. We are posting an update tomorrow, keep an eye out! Update #35 is up with the latest info - hope everyone has a good holiday season! Hello Everyone, First of all, based on all of your feedback, we want to let you know that we're working on putting together more comprehensive user information and plan to share it all in an update and on our website as soon as it's ready. We're doing our best to respond to all direct messages in a timely manner. Since we are seeing a lot of the same questions, we're posting an FAQ here, but generally direct messages or emails are the best ways to get individual answers. Where is "track"? In Explore, you can currently view your data in real-time and experiment with the focus algorithm. The next app update will allow you to save this data with tags at the end of a session. Over time, this section will get the most updates based on our users. What's new with Android?/When can I get the SDK? Based on all of the feedback on the iOS App, our developer is hard at work fixing known bugs and this has affected timing on Android and SDK release. This is because in addition to updating the iOS App, we're also in the process of incorporating the changes and your feedback into Android and the SDKs, as well. How do I connect via Bluetooth? To connect the device, you must be in the Melon app. Make sure the device is on, with the LED blinking blue. Bluetooth on your phone must also be enabled. Then, go into the headband menu in the upper righthand menu to connect to your Melon. How is EEG data incorporated into the games? When wearing your Melon, the background gradient changes colors based on your focus during the games. Blue means most focused, and red-orange is least focused. The graph at the end is a summary of your focus score throughout the games. Soon, we will be adding a Trends section where you can view your improvement over time. Why does the EEG data get noisy when I move? This is true of all EEG, and we're proud to say our signal quality is great (more on this soon). At Melon, we feel strongly that we do not hide the raw voltage data from our users, and we're the only mobile EEG we know of that displays raw voltage in real time. All EEG data behaves this way, and just because you see it get noisy doesn't mean that the data isn't meaningful. EEG is not meant to be analyzed by eye. In addition, we've gotten lots of feedback from users who want to learn how to interpret this section better, and we're putting together a guide for that. My headband isn't turning on. We have a fix for this! It's a little long for this update, so please email us at <email> and we will send you the steps ASAP. Also, we're working on a firmware fix. Are all headbands shipped? Not yet, we're still shipping, so if you don't have yours yet keep your eye out for tracking info! Please keep in mind, that the Melon team is only 4 people. Shipping has been a massive undertaking, but we're doing our best for all of you. And, we're not going anywhere!! :) Status of android app will be in the next update so that everyone can view. @Dave - The app is called Melon - Brain Training, and is targeted for iPhone but will work on iPad. We really appreciate how excited you are for the product and couldn't be more excited for you to have it! We're working hard to make it great for you, we'll make sure to keep updating you all, and improving the product! Everyone have a great weekend! All the best, The Melon Team @Joseph - we'll reach out shortly. Hey all, We've submitted an expedited update to the current Melon App. We know there is a bug being experienced when opening the app, and this new version will fix it. Hopefully it will be up ASAP! Also, we just wanted to say, we appreciate all the positive feedback from those that have received their headbands. For those that have not received their headbands, tracking information is still being sent out along with headbands each day, so don't worry! Once the updated version of the App is live, we'll be publishing an update with more info on headbands and software for everyone. All the best, The Melon Team Hi Everyone - Posting an update this afternoon (PST)! :) Hello all, Just wanted to let you all know the next update will be posted this Friday. We appreciate the comments and are taking them into consideration while writing the update. All the best, Melon Hey guys, we have read these and are incorporating into the future update. Appreciate all the positive vibes after our last update! @Mark, please see last update/comment from our team re giving a firm timeline, we work to explain why this can be difficult but we're doing our best and will incorporate this feedback into next update. @Dmitry, glad you got the early bird deal! Shipping is being organized by location with our new distribution partner's protocols. @Remiam, we've posted a number of updates, which you should be receiving via email. If you haven't seen them yet please check them out via Kickstarter on our project page :) From our latest update: "Giving you an accurate timeline has been the hardest part of building Melon since our Kickstarter campaign. We constantly work with our factory and contract manufacturers, experts in the space, to give you the best estimate possible, and we update you almost as regularly as we receive news ourselves. And we ask every day! Seriously! All of the kinks in the complicated production of our product were resolved by the beginning of September. Something we've since learned is that factories will delay smaller-sized orders from new clients (AKA Melon doing its first production run) for larger orders for standing clients. Often times, we go without news, too, or receive inaccurate quotes about timeline. So, it is frustrating for all of us. As of right now, we do know that production is up and running. We're shipping a large number of units to warehouses next week, and distribution will begin again once those are received. Week of Oct 20th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses Week of Oct 27th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses + Distribution This will be the continued pattern until all units are produced and shipped." @Abed - Just messaged you! Please message back with updated address. @Xuzi - Nope! Please see latest update for more info. @Nachi - We’d love to be showering our awesome backers in swag, but if we had that kind of cash we’d be using it for more speed :) Hopefully someday we will have that luxury! @Ben - See above :) @Lars - Tell us about it… ;) We feel the same! @Mark - Sorry we did not respond to your earlier post, we appreciated today’s comment and took it into account into today’s update. @Xuzi - Sorry you feel this way, hope our update helps shed light on how building a company/product goes. We have aimed for transparency throughout the process, even though we haven’t sent updates as often as everyone would like. New update posted!! @Fed: address updated! @Ninad we have responded to you via direct message on Kickstarter. Please check and reply there. @Elizabeth, you will get your Melon. Stay strong! We're sorry for the delay but obviously doing our best to build something innovative, and meaningful! Hey y'all, we've been waiting on news from our factory about shipments to update you. But, it's Golden Week (<url>"beta" pushes of the app via TestFlight, an app distribution service, before releasing it to the public via the App Store and Google Play. 2) iOS will be released first ,because it is further along. A version of Android will be released shortly after. So that you all understand, we are a very small team and we have more experience developing and launching for iOS than we do launching for the diversity of hardware devices running Android. Besides focusing on getting hardware out the door, finalizing the app for both platforms is our top priority. We actually have no lives outside of making this happen, so we appreciate your patience and support :) Lastly, all address updates can be sent as direct messages. Hope everyone is well! All the best, Melon New update posted (pictures included). Hope everyone has a great weekend. Melon Hey all, Update will be coming tomorrow. Finalizing all the work that will go into the update today and we should have some exciting pictures and info. All the best, Melon @Mikhail please message us with your updated address. @David we will be providing another update this week :) Hey all, in Hong Kong and just posted a new update. Brief, but more to come soon. Hey all, schedule update coming next week. We arrive in Hong Kong on Monday and will outline our schedule from there. All the best, Melon Team Hi everyone, To update your shipping address please message us on Kickstarter. Also, @courtney, there will be an Android app available. All the best, The Melon Team Hey all, new update posted! Developers, initial SDK docs can be found here: <url>#21 for the latest on shipping, and we'll be posting another update next week with further updates :) @Everyone - Available to all is an update (#22) on our plans for launching the SDK and a researcher/developer platform and what capabilities each of those will allow. A new update is up for Kickstarter backers! To those looking for more developer info: Included in the update is an announcement that our CTO will post an SDK-specific update available to all backers and the public next week. Hey Everyone! Just wanted to let you know that Melon is at Neurogaming Conference today and tomorrow, and an update is coming on Friday! @Pablo and @Aleksandrs - That's right, the headbands are now adjustable. Love to see our backers helping each other out :) @Dmitry - Look for the update on Friday for API news + some exciting developments @Brian - We're going to post the limited-edition badge colors in our next update, so you can pick then. They're not on our website because the custom badges are only for KS backers of that particular level! @Naga - We've sent you a direct message on Kickstarter ~Mini-Update~ Today we sent out final surveys to all headband backers. We are preparing a longer update, which we will share next week. Schedule is as provided in our latest updates. Please send us a message if you have any questions! @Nicholai - We really appreciate your continued support and patience! Yes, delivery is scheduled to occur starting at the end of May and continue through June. Should anything happen that further delays shipments, we will inform everyone via an update and give you a chance to re-confirm your shipping address. The last thing we'd want is for a change in address to keep anyone from getting their headband after all this time! :) To Everyone - If you wish to double check or change your listed address at any point in time from now until you receive your headband, please send us a direct message here on Kickstarter and we will edit our records! @Michael - Sure thing! Just sent you a message. @Kadar - please check your direct messages! @Nitzan - We're happy to send an invoice in advance of delivery! Sending you a direct message now... @Felipe @Emma @Tito - A new update is up! Hello commenters! @Pim, @Jelena @Media, @Jimmy - Please check your direct messages for more information. @shahbaz - Our apologies!! This was taken care of today. Please DM us if there is anything further we can do for you. @Jack - Thank you for your comment! We appreciate your advice. Hopefully our upcoming update will restore your confidence that we are 100% delivering the product, although, as everyone knows, rather delayed. @David - It’s coming! Any specific details you’d like us to include? This blog post, written by founder of Kickstarter, may provide useful insight to all those who visit Kickstarter, whether you backed Melon, another project, are considering backing a project, or are thinking about becoming a project creator: <url>’s sake that you would like us to share, please feel free to DM us at any time. We are a small team of 5 and spend all of our time working to craft the best product possible and deliver on our latest schedule, but we will get back to you! Promise! To all non-backers, please visit our website: www.thinkmelon.com. You can now preorder the device for $149, with delivery scheduled for this summer. @Andrew @Chi-Hime Again apologies for the delay, a team member is reaching out to you via direct message on Kickstarter. @Paul- Info on developer tools is included in the latest update :) Hi Everyone!! Thanks for pushing us to provide an update. The latest is now posted to backers. For all of you non-backers, you can now preorder the headband on our website at www.usemelon.com. Kickstarter backers will be getting their Melons first, and once those are all delivered we will start fulfilling preorders from our website in the order received :) @Paul Hey @Jimmy and @Luke, We did attend CES, and even bumped into some backers! It was a great event, and we'll work to track down some of the photos of Melon in action. We'll be posting an update today, so stay tuned! Thanks for the continued interest and support! Hi Everyone - Just wanted to post a comment and let you all know that we're spending the next couple of weeks prepping to give demos at CES in January. If you will be attending, we hope to see you there! Happy holidays :) @Joshua and Charles - The headband, while not designed for sleeping, is certainly suitable for taking measurements during sleep and we believe that you'll find it comfortable enough to wear all night! We posted the below comment in response to questions asked about our latest update, and just wanted to also share it here :) Hi Everyone, Thank you for your comments. We apologize for being vague about delivery schedule. We hate disappointing our backers, which is why we have been waiting to give a precise date, but by waiting we have still upset a number of you. On our comment board, we did give a rough estimate of “first quarter 2014.” This is holding true, with production occurring mid-February and shipping in March. Rest assured, Melon is healthy and working hard to deliver an awesome product! In the past few months we have not been posting updates very close together, but we understand that many of you would like to see photos of our progress. So, we will prepare a photo journal to share with all of you that shows the progression of the headband from before Kickstarter to now. In addition, we will post a more thorough schedule, but please understand that it may be subject to change. Expect to see this update early next week. Thank you all for your support, and keep an eye out for our next update. We hope it answers many of your questions. All the best, The Melon Team Hi Melon Backers! Hope everyone had a great Halloween. Check out this awesome interview of Melon's CEO and co-founder, Arye Barnehama! <url>#melonheads! The future for Melon is extremely exciting and now we get to share it with all of you! Update coming in the morning after the team gets some long overdue rest :) To all our supporters, you are amazing! Thank you all so so much, we can't express how incredible this moment is. All the best, The Melon Team @helder, we just spoke with our manufacturers today about the possibility of making the headband resizable (still an option), and as discussed before we are working to create the best possible user experience, which we believe should be a highly personalized experience, to give individuals insight and understanding around their focus. Many other consumer products such as Nike Fuelband, Fitbit, and Jawbone UP have also taken this approach and they come from much larger companies than us. This decision will continue to be made during the manufacturing process and we will take into account all suggestions during the process but there won't be news before the end of Kickstarter. The poster and stickers are not stretch goals but rather for people interested in supporting Melon more and receiving some limited edition Melon gear. @Melon backers thanks for the support! All the best, The Melon Team 40 hours left and we just sent out our latest backer update! If you want you can now add $5 to your pledge for Melon stickers or $40 for the limited edition Melon poster. Final hours of Melon let's see if we can end with a bang Melon supporters! We are so grateful for all of your support and help already. Please feel free to share with all friends you think would be interested, they've only got 40 hours left to purchase a Melon until November. All the best, The Melon Team @ravi, the origami game is a really exciting part of Melon. It allows you to improve your focus while doing a fun activity. We will definitely continue to update the app after the initial launch and add features but are until launch we will be perfecting what we've already been building. That said, we are launching our SDK early so developers can get a head start on building apps for Melon, some of which could be awesome games! All the best, The Melon Team @maxime, @helder thanks for the support. We are working very hard on providing the optimal headband solution with enough flex and adjustability to be the best headband for everyday use. Many wearable devices such as the Nike Fuelband and the Jawbone UP come in sizes to allow for optimal performance and sizing for the user rather than trying to make one size fit everyone. That said, we are taking all options for headband sizing into consideration and you will be updated on our progress along the way. Thank you so much to everyone for the support! All the best, The Melon Team @emilychen, totally agree! Leap Motion is great and we have some friends there. Can't wait to get them integrated and see what happens from there! Thanks for the support we really appreciate it. All the best, The Melon Team @helder, thanks for the questions. We will be surveying all users asking for specific measurements after the campaign to make sure we provide them with the proper sizing. We are looking at adding the feature of adjustable sizing to the headband but want to make sure the design stays beautiful, and functional for use in day-to-day activities as we believe that is core to the user experience of Melon. Hope this is helpful. All the best, The Melon Team Hey everyone – We just sent out an update with our final stretch goal: $350,000 for an awesome web backend! @Chhon - We are using a chip that allows for backwards compatibility :) @Courtney - Love that idea! @NY Thank you for expressing your concerns with us. Here at Melon, we have already been working really hard on creating the best possible product for almost two years, and we waited to go on Kickstarter until we were very confident that we could deliver! It is not our intention to mislead or fall out of communication with our backers at any point during the campaign, from launch to delivery. In fact, after the Kickstarter closes, we will not be accepting any more orders, so that our primary focus can be on delivering the product to our backers on schedule. As noted in the "risks and challenges," it is possible that unforeseen challenges might present themselves when manufacturing a larger number of units, but we do not anticipate such challenges and we will keep backers updated throughout the process. We intend to send regular updates to our backers as relevant or interesting news about the project becomes available. Please know that between updates our top priority is delivering to our backers! @Yoni and @Jeff, Arduino hacking is definitely a cool option for interfacing Melon with our devices. Since Melon uses Bluetooth 4.0 LE you can also use the Arduino Bluetooth shield to interface wirelessly. Great to hear some of the cool projects people are thinking about building with Melon!! All the best, The Melon Team Hey all, we agree heart rate/hrv is really interesting but it would require too much development time and money to add to this product. We are working on what we think is a cool next stretch goal and will keep you all updated! As always, we appreciate the ideas and support! All the best, The Melon Team Thanks for all of the congratulations and comments! We will be announcing our next stretch goal, but before we do we are taking the time to consider all of your awesome ideas. Please keep an eye out for our next announcement! Hey everyone! We just wanted to say thank you for all of your amazing support and let you know how excited we are that we hit our 200k stretch goal! -The Melon Team @Kadar, thanks for the support! We are really excited and would love to reach our stretch goal as we think it will provide an awesome experience for everyone to have the accelerometer in their headband. Also, we love the enthusiasm! All the best, The Melon Team @Perry, we are still discussing this with NeuroSky. As a bigger company they have to take more time for their decisions but we are working on it and I think the answer will be yes. All the best, The Melon Team @Ronan, awesome! Thanks for the support and mentronome looks super cool. We're looking forward to you making it work with Melon as well! All the best, The Melon Team @helder Thanks for supporting the project! Unfortunately Kickstarter guidelines recently became very strict about what types of package levels they will accept, so we cannot offer a package of two! It would be amazing if one day we could have a one-size-fits-all headband, and the family insight that might result could be very useful. @András We definitely agree that putting EEG into a hat would be cool. Right now, the headband could fit under some hats. Glad you're excited to develop apps with Melon and can't wait to see what you build. @CK Melon uses three electrodes on the forehead region to monitor brainwave activity in the pre-frontal cortex and proprietary algorithms to detect mental states. There are a variety of ways to measure and analyze EEG data. Our three sensor method has allowed us to develop a desirable form factor and obtain the signal quality that we were aiming for. Sizing information will be released after the campaign, and all sizes have some stretch built in. The battery-life will not be noticeably affected by adding the accelerometer. @CK thanks for the support! The Melon headband come in small, medium, and large and each size allows for some flex. This was done in order to allow for the sleekest design possible whereas a adjustable is a lot less stylish and less streamlined. Also, Melon detects all brainwaves across the frequency spectrum, Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, and Gamma. @Maxime Thanks we've emailed them and are excited to connect! @Secret Labs, Arye from Melon has emailed you and we're excited to chat about developing an app together! All the best, The Melon team @CK and @Maxime, AGENT seems like a great project and we agree that syncing to a watch display could be awesome. We'll reach out to them and see what they say, I'd also suggest you guys comment/message them because there's nobody better than your backers! All the best, The Melon Team @Yoni, that is amazing! We're so happy to hear that you are so excited to work with Melon and that you are passionate about some amazing projects! @Kadar, thanks for the awesome words of encouragement. At Melon we totally believe that allowing our device to work with other devices such as FitBit, Nike Fuelband, Jawbone, etc. is the right direction. We are working hard to make our SDK compatible and to see where we can build integration. We agree that this is the best user experience. All the best, The Melon Team @Maxime and @Yoni we love the idea of integrating different sensors into the Melon device or creating more devices that fit into the Melon platform. Hear rate sensor is a great measurement and is something that the team has definitely looked into. Based on where the sensors need to be, size, etc. it would not work for this device but could make sense as a future device made by Melon. Thanks for all the support and keep up the suggestions, we love them! All the best, The Melon Team @Caleb, we sent you a personal message that was hopefully helpful on this topic. @Ao, After the Kickstarter we will ask you for your characters to be engraved. kanji/hiragana/katakana will work! All the best, The Melon Team @CK for the black headband we offer custom colors for the $129 pledge level and you get one of five Kickstarter only custom badges in either yellow, gray, lavender, orange or blue. Also, the $159 allows you to get a custom engraved aluminum badge. All the best, The Melon Team @Cameron, we like where your Melon is at! We're always looking into new sensors that could add insight to the Melon platform as well as extend the potential applications for the developer community! @Domen, thank you! We're really excited and we believe that IFTTT and connectivity with other automation devices is a very compelling usage case -- stay tuned for announcements in the next couple days :) @Dung, thanks we so excited by all the support! @Jimmy, thanks for backing Melon! We've built Melon so that it gives you insights into what helps or hurts your focus and also so that it gives you tips to stay focused while working. Also... if you want a break from your exam studying you can train your focus using the origami section of the app and be more focused when you get back to studying! All the best, The Melon Team @Martin, Thank you so much for the kind words! We're definitely excited about the SDK and being able to work with the developer community around expanding Melon's functionalities. All the best, The Melon Team @Tyson - Thanks for your support of our project! We have not used Melon to detect seizures yet, but we are really hopeful that it can become a useful tool for seizure detection with the help of experienced developers and researchers in that area. @TekSpree Thanks for your support! There's always the SDK @Sanju, what we are looking at is an onboard 3-axis accelerometer for fitness/health related activities, correlation of head movement to focus, and for developers to have a second data source to work with. The VectorNav is an awesome chip, currently we working with the STMicroelectronics LIS3DH 3-axis accelerometer. Regarding spatial orientation sensor... love the idea, a definite future possibility. @Deepak we are creating an SDK for developers to work with Melon and will be releasing documentation for iOS, Android, .net, Arduino, Processing, among other platforms. The SDK will ship early to give developers a head start. @Linus delivering a great experience to our backers is our #1 priority and part of that is shipping on time. We have taken a lot of early steps to make sure that we will manufacture on deliver on schedule. Thanks for the support, really excited to have reached our goal! @Maxime thanks so much for your support of Melon! A very special moment for the team to see it go over our goal. There will be a carry case don't worry! @Joerg couldn't have said it better ourselves! So excited and can't wait to work with all of our backers! The SDK and hardware docs will be released prior to November! @Chong Thanks for your interest! We built the headband to have the highest possible signal during physical activity, and we're excited to see how you use it. @Riccardo Melon uses the same signal processing chip as NeuroSky, so it will have some similarities and some differences. The headband has three electrodes, all across the forehead. @Russell Sakolsky Not to worry, there will be a sizing guide sent out that will allow you to get the Melon that will fit you best. It will not be subject and we want to make sure the experience is very personalized and enjoyable from sizing to using the app. Thanks for clearing up, I'm sure many people have the same question and we will add it to the FAQ. All the best, The Melon Team @Arnout Kazemier The headband comes in three sizes, small, medium, and large and each size has a built-in flex to allow for variation of that band. We are not making a child-version headband right away, so children under 10 may need special padding for a proper fit. I believe the usage case you are describing is extremely interesting and we would be glad to chat with you more about it and see how Melon can help. All the best, The Melon Team @Mauricio Shanchez we will definitely be releasing both iOS and Android apps. The Android app will be similar to the iOS app shown in the video. All the best, The Melon Team @John Greer, the song is by Truce Lee and can be found at premium beats dot com. Also, I agree with the potential for interesting findings in your proposed study. Will you be testing this when you get Melon? All the best, The Melon Team @Kevin Long The signal processing chip we use has been tested against research grade equipment and has proven to have 96% accuracy relative to the research equipment. @Sara Bruns Thank you so much, your support and kind words mean a lot! All the best, The Melon Team @KickStar Thanks you so much for pledging, everyones support means so much to us and we are so excited! Regarding your question, Melon is definitely comfortable enough for sleep and with our SDK we will be offering access to algorithms around sleep. This definitely seems to be a popular area of interest for those looking to extend the Melon platform. Hope this helps and again, thank you so much for support! All the best, The Melon Team Here you go! I have two versions downloaded at different times. There are differences between the two, though I'm not sure what they are. The file with (1) in the name is the more current version. If I find time, I'll see if I can get this pushed as a full repo with the zip files expanded rather than just the two files I have. <url>’t cost you anything at all. I can’t use my melon anymore because there is no app on the App Store what can I do? Can you share everything what is abandoned on GitHub? Meaning sdks, apps? You do not respect customers. You guys were mean. We waited a year to deliver and never updated the app again.****! Hi! I just tried to find the app, but the app is not in the App Store and the website is down. What's happened? They aBandoned the project.... Is there a place to download the final SDK? Thanks for the help Melon team. Has anyone else had trouble with theirs not turning on? I only used it a couple of times. I wanted to charge it and see if there were any interesting updates, it won't turn on. Looking for suggestions. @melon Any news about the SDK update? I wish the android app would support raw data output to a cloud file to post process later. The iphone app appears to do a Fourier Transform to display frequency data on the screen live. I did not notice a counterpart on my android version. BTW, a new related kickstarter that might be of interest to others is: <url>#.VZwMAPl_Oko <url>#.VZwMAPl_Oko DAQRI buys EEG tracker Melon to build out augmented reality helmet <url>€ Tax and 10€ DHL-Tax-Fee.... so when will i be able to use it? (apple-free household) 35€ for getting this piece of **** after 2 years???? I've already paid for shipping, what's wrong with you guys??? Should i wait for an android app or can i throw it in the garbage?... copy&paste from Felipe Again, any updates on melon app for android? im really thinking the melon is just a bad toy for dogs (i dont find any other use for it...) Again, any updates on melon app for android? im really thinking the melon is just a bad toy for dogs (i dont find any other use for it...) Backer from Italy. Please send my Melon or refund me. At least answer to email to shipping(at)melon. You have had my money for 2y so financially I have already more than supported you, If you are not able to fulfill your part of the agreement than just refund -even if I really would prefer to receive my Melon at last :( As a backer from Germany I do not want to wait for my device any longer. I didn't receive a response to any of my messages and I am not going to pay a single Cent for taxes if it might gets here in 2023. Since this is Kickstarter and not a shop, I do not expect a refund, but this project has become a huge disappointment. Nothing happens when I connect my device and start a session. It doesn't matter how long I have it running for. Plaese sent the Melon out to Germany NOW or refund !!!! Waiting... for any news... I am so disappointed in the lack of response. I've not gotten my device .. YET. Is this a scam? It's been over a month since update guys. We were promised an update last week. I bet your busy with the new crew, but take 5 minutes out of your day to address us please. guy I still haven't received ANYTHING! :( any updates on android app? i still cant check if my unit is working Update? Yes, please keep us updated on shipping to Germany or offer us a refund! Please don't only focus on "matters outside of Kickstarter" - I would prefer you to continue shipping to Germany/Italy as soon as possible. I'm quite surprised that the shipping costs are so high, and nevertheless you should have checked such issues before starting the campaign. In case you cannot fulfill your promise, please refund. Thanks. No I still waiting one and a half year for delivery so tell me when I will get my Melon or REFUND !!!! @Melon Any news about shipment to Germany/Italy? I received my headband i december 2014. I does't work at all and you promised me a new one. Now it is nearly 5 months ago you promise me a replacement. Nothing is happening. If you can’t give me a replacement I want a refund. My replacement band arrived and doesn't exhibit any of the issue of disconnecting when placed around the head. I will now give it a full charge and report back. Haven't received my headband, no Answer since late April, nothing... Just frustration!!!... Why I have not received my headband, ask for help~ <email> Is there any ETA for the android final App? Ah, I spoke too soon. After promising to get it all resolved they've gone quiet again :( It's such a shame, the project I was going to use this on has been and long gone. I am having the same issue as Gary Riches. The moment I put it on the connection resets... Does anyone else have this issue? Might be a QC issue... Hello, I think I should have gotten my Melon by now. I've emailed a new address once or twice and still nothing. Can you check to see if it has been shipped, please? D. Barrington Just wanted to give an update. I received an email from Melon yesterday evening saying a new device is being shipped to me. The email address is being monitored and replied to, albeit slowly. Thanks Melody, I appreciate this must be a pretty large and daunting task. I've tried leaving an email, and a comment here but no answer. How can I go about getting a replacement? The device was broken on arrival, as soon as it it placed round the head it disconnects. I'm not sure if this is down to the circuit being pulled as it stretches or what, but I have a device I can't use. Having waited for over a year and paid a good amount of import duty I'd like know whats going on. Can I get a refund. It was meant to come 2 YEARS ago and I still haven't received it!!!! It came today. No customs charges at all :-) and after about one hour of charging it works pretty well. I went through first games and watch some raw data. Seems a nice toy for next evenings. Noticed that better to start the app before turning the melon on, especially when do it first time to establish BT connection. Still completely dead & not receiving a charge (as reported twice previously). You guys need to start responding to the numerous customer issues or I don't think this is going to end well. Thanks. Hi! My melon isn't receiving any charge. Would it be possible to return it and get an exchange? Amy news? or.. refund me now please!! I'll send you my credit card new number for refunding.. I know of multiple users who, like me have attempted connections with differing iOS devices in terms of revision, type and iOS version and all are reporting that taking the headset away from the device, as in, actually putting it on, causes the connection to drop. Beyond which, my primary device os basically DOA and their team has yet to get back to be regarding a warranty replacement despite my msging on Kickstarter and their website. Though, after learning of these connectivity issues and frankly just how useless the app itself is on iOS (Android users aren't missing out) I am inclined to also ask for a refund from the dev team over a replacement device being sent for my DOA. I am Backer #48 and I pledged for a premium unit (of which turns out to be a metal tag, which hasn't even arrived), I would hope that they consider refunding those who, like me have pretty much let them slip delivery to a year and a half plus. I would rather a monetary refund (hell this saves them shipping cost) to be forwarded and put that into an alternate device, such as the Emotiv Insight, they already ship and make Medical/Scientific grade models, hell they launched the consumer grade unit on Kickstarter as well...I'd rather pay a price premium for working gear than...well the DOA unit I have and the unconnecting units others have. I feel that I made somewhat of a bad choice in recommending this project to others. Oh the headband itself also seems rather filmsy and regardless of connectors use, unlatches itself easily... Craspy indeed! Agreed and seconded regarding the beta g+ group. If there are contractual/other issues that would prevent that, just let us know so we don't keep nagging ;) If you guys are planning to tell us about more android delays today, could you set up a google+ group, and allow people to join and download the "beta" app? I really just want to see if this thing that has been sitting in my drawer for months works, don't care if the app has bugs or not. Is there Any refund option? i was supposed to get a working device in november of 2013, so i can say after year i got tired... Any update tonight? Android app? Mine has arrived here in the UK, plus an extra £25 in customs charges. Now to wait for the Android app (as the iOS one requires Bluetooth 4.0 - it would have been nice to know that in advance rather than have to hunt around the web to find out why the headband wouldn't connect to my iPhone 4). Still, hoping the Android app will be out within the next two weeks so that I can use the headband as a demo item in one of my lectures. Your update last Wed said that you would have a stable Android app Wed April 8. As late are you on on delivering that app, it was really cruel to use it as part of an April Fool's joke Any update this week? I'm dying to hear ANY news about android. Also any users able to build so.ething with the SDK? Mine arrived today (Netherlands). Got billed by customs for Euro 28,66. I'm glad it finally arrived, but not too happy about those extra costs. Mine arrived today. Must say I'm pretty disappointed so far. App doesn't hold connection to the device for more than a few seconds and it seems as though my power button doesn't work. I can only turn it on by starting a charge and turning it off when it is briefly synced via the app. Can't initiate a firmware upgrade (not even sure there is one) Just a quick note to the guys in UK who are about to receive the headband. I've paid £25.47 for the customs. Any news about Android App? haven't received mine yet are you shipping still? Received mine today (the Netherlands)! Works just fine, no probs what so ever. Can't wait for more games & software! I wonder if the battery in my melon will still work by the time the I can actually use it... its only a year and a half past ETA Hi everyone :) Who knows what is the latest firmware of the headband? I'm having trouble connecting my headband to the app as well. I've already contacted support on the melon website, however no one has got back to me yet. Is there another way we can contact to get this problem to get it fixed? I downloaded the most recent Update four days ago for IOS. Does anyone know if the battery will run down faster if the two ends are connected for a long period of time without use? Thank You Well, after initially not getting my Melon to connect, following the troubleshooting advice, progress was made and it works very well. Now to explore! Hopefully we will see more firmware/software Updates in the future! To my fellow backers; you didn't pre-order a device, you funded a project, a company. There are always delays, getting to product is a huge achievement. That said, I've broken my refresh button, how much of a bribe do you need to ship mine out next? ;) I've finally received mine, but I'm unable to have it connect to the app. Now, after giving it a full charge, it wont turn on. So far the only thing successful about this product is the packaging the product came in. I have not received mine, nor want to. I have contacted you numerous times to cancel my order. I can no longer back this project. I expect a REPLY from you in 2 days or will take further action. Deb Kalikow-Pluck I NEVER GOT MY MELON!!!! Love the product. I'd love to get a second one, but I'm already on the list. Any way I can get back on the list while you are in this fulfillment crunch? I haven't received my tracking number yet. When will you ship to backers in Norway? Also, as others have said, major disappointment... I'm not sure what the band actually does considering the app "games" do essentially the same thing as Lumosity or other similar brain exercise apps. So far, this was a major waste of time and money. Seems that the headband is just a gimmic. I really hope there's an improvement soon. Does the IPhone app actually show the battery charge? So far I've tried it twice and it only shows the battery half way. I even charged the thing overnight on a wall charger. Really disappointed. The melon is too tight, the app is buggy (just moving your eye brows makes the lines move), and you can tell they're afraid to have a facebook page just because of how shoddy this "invention" an the back lash that will be unleashed. But honestly, I feel bad. I wanted this to succeed so much. But like Star Wars 1-3, it was simply a let down. Is the email which from I will get tracking number ? Wonder if I missed it. But same time had no notes from the post office, so may be it not sent yet. I'm from UK. Just got it yesterday! Super stoked. But anyone have tips to get it started? It's plugged in, but no indication if it's charging. When I press power, the LED doesn't turn on... Any suggestions? I guess the gist of my questions are, now that I've completed the 'game of the day', is that the only use Melon has or is it a work in progress to further the use of the device and app? And will we be keeping an eye out for software updates so that it can have more options? I fully support the work you are doing and understand the workload it takes to be an entrepreneur. I am a budding industrial designer myself and know how difficult it is to create a project from zero. I have sympathy for you towards the amount of people that don't understand that what they purchased is a work in progress and not a final product. It takes time and I hope I can be a guinea pig for your design in effort to add improvements to your work! I got my melon yesterday. Excited as I was, I would like to know if it possible to keep data on my tracked focus and how to do that. Thus far in only see games associated to the melon. Is that the only thing you can do with this? I would like to track my exercise (such as my Fitbit tracking my steps and keeping a log of my daily routine). Also, in order to track do I always need to keep my phone open on the melon app? I don't want to spend my phone's battery life this way. When I backed this project I wasn't so interested in playing games with it. I received my Melon the other day. With the small spacer the band is tight enough that I can only keep it on for 10 minutes before it gets very uncomfortable. The next size spacer is too big. Has anyone come up with a creative solution to make the band fit comfortably with the included spacers? Got mine today, haven't tried it yet, disappointed that I didn't get my PREMIUM BADGE sponsor package, just the Melon (You will receive a Melon headband in either black or white, plus the app. Your badge will be made out of silver annodized aluminum, and you will have the option to have a custom engraving of up to 7 characters.) SDK and Hardware Hacking Documentation available. Please respond Just got mine this weekend. Professional packaging and a durable looking product. I'm super impressed with the professionalism of the Melon team with their consistency in keeping everyone in the loop from start to finish and their overall vision in creating a high quality product that performs as promised. I had a good feeling about this one from the start and the turn out looks outstanding. Can't wait to try it on android. Great work guys! Received my Melon today. Very excited to finally have it even though the app is not ready. I have been following the updates. You guys have been doing a pretty good job lately of keeping up with the updates. Especially about the android app. Just wish it would have been more of a consideration at the beginning of the project. A package came for me today--quite exciting. I tear it open and, realizing what it is, i check the website. I have to admit i was speechless. I had totally forgotten about this project and after two years of development, including being a year late from the promised delivery date, there is still no android app, no windows app, no dev access. Makes one wonder what in the hell has been happening for the last two years. Seems like even one person working on any one of these aspects would have made some progress. If not, fire them and hire someone that can get something accomplished. Looks like i can treat this like a refund on my taxes--a little surprise gift I can use to buy some beer or maybe back some other project that is being managed properly. I finally received my device today and was extremely excited despite it being 1 year 4 months late. Only to be disappointed again. The Android app is not available. I’m sorry guys but you guys still couldn’t get it together after being a 1 year and 4 months late… If I could I would just ask for my money back and go with a different product with a more dependable team. I really just want a refund. At this point I'm going to put of a website to say not to buy this crap... Finally received mine today. Very neat device! I'm curious about the adjustment pieces, though. The smallest piece is *just* too small, making it a pretty tight fit on my head. The next size up ends up being a tad too loose, I believe. Will other adjustment pieces be available at some point in the future? Playing around with the band now and it's kind of neat seeing when I'm actually focused on something (like writing this) and not focused (like when I glance away to see how I'm doing on keeping my focus going.. ;P Turns out I'm pretty focused when I'm not staring at the melon app... ! Could you please address the status of your plans for Windows in your next update? I know you stated your original plans to release a Windows SDK. In consideration of Microsoft's recent announcements including the support of universal apps in which the same code will run across all windows devices plus free upgrades to all win 7+8 customers, do you intend to offer a more robust windows offering including an app? I would much rather have a app on my laptop I could have running side by side with my work as opposed to having to use my phone. Thank you. Is there another way I am supposed to voice a complaint about my melon not charging properly and only getting one use . . . I have attempted all troubleshooting steps and it never charges to the full. . Can someone please advise New update sounds good, export raw data for csv will help lots of problems for sure in lieu of not having full fledged SDK access. I agree with the others on here that you should open it up to the melon backer community at the very least, we paid $99 can't we at least fork some of the core libs or something for our own uses? I can't make money off what i make unless you guys are mass producing a bunch more melons we don't know about :).... i think most Melon backers want this for personal and/or specific research projects, and it's a win/win/win/win if you pop the dev hood open Hate to sound mean, but I haven't touched mine since the first 10 minutes I tried it, with no working apps and no reason to use it again. Can I return it? Received an update email this morning- I really do hope that you will have the headbands shipped by Feb 13- it's been over a year past the initial release date that I backed and while I understand that technical delays happen, it really does seem like this is a bit too much of a delay. Guys. Please respond to my messages. I am living with a DOA melon since Dec 10. I have sent couple of messages requesting your help, and now its like speaking to a wall. I want to support you guys, but if you don't even respond that shows lack of empathy, poor customer support and and inability to address customer complaints. Please, can someone address this soon. hei, i received a notification from DHL asking me to pay USD 60 in tax and import duty and was asked to produced import document including MSDS and COO. we have mentioned this before in messages address to value at USD 45 to avoid this problem. this is absurd since we backed this and our note is not being taken seriously. and now the headband will be returned to you company. or destroyed in custom. Melon Team, READ YOUR NOTES !!! the waiting game, it's no longer fun - I want a refund now A heads up for all UK backers to keep an eye out for a letter requesting you pay customs duty for your Melon. They will only hold it for 20 days before sending it back to be prompt. Payment online is pretty easy however the depot then didn't send the package out and I've had to chase them. All in all my Melon arrive in country on 12th December and will be delivered to my house tomorrow 21st Jan (assuming all goes well). Thank you Have my headband and looking forward to the Android app. USA Backer here. No shipping information or headband as of yet. Can we receive an update that discusses the shipping issues/ updates delivery windows? Backer from china, still no headband... How long should I wait for? Add me to the list of backers with no headband and no shipping info... also no response to a request for hep. Still no headband, no tracking number. I WANT A REFUND. AZ, USA-based backer here. I'm not disappointed that I don't have a headband or even shipping info; I am disappointed in the Melon team's disregard for so many legitimate questions posed in this forum. I'm afraid that we've been abandoned, and my experience here will grossly tarnish the opinions I share and of the project's creators, the Melon brand, and the final product I still hope to receive. So I've received my Melon but it won't stay connect via Bluetooth. I can connect it but that as soon as I put it on my head it disconnects and I cannot reconnect it while it's sitting there. If I take it off and then reconnect it'll stay connected. Again as soon as I put it on my head it disconnects. Anyone else experiencing this? I'm very unhappy to hear of at least one person who bought this product without supporting the kickstarter and has already received his device. I have no idea when my device will ship still. It's one thing to have delays, but another to fulfill non-kickstarter orders ahead of kickstarter. Doing that defeats the point of using a platform like this. Actually, I just tested my melon without anything attached to the electrodes (ie on the table) the readings are still running, including the focus, raw data and power readings, anyone else having the same feedback? TO whom it may concern, I have still not received notification of shipment or any other update concerning the deliver of my Melon headband, was hoping for some feedback. Thanks kindly, Jack Anyone knows or can share their melon readings? Mine seems to peak the delta waves which I read is for sleep, while being very low on beta, not sure if it's a faulty sensor or firmware. (Yes I did this while awake) Got my band, downloaded the iOS app, the band appears in the iOS app, I was able to get it to dispaly a pink light by pressing the power button. Didn't seem to be able to connect. After several repeated attempts it flashed red/blue and now it wont display any light and still wont connect. Trying to charge it now in case power is the problem, but it didn't seem like it. What do I do to make this work? How does it make sense that a company full of electric engineers not able to build a product that charges? And they think they are going to build a brave wave detector? My headband worked for a day. It refuses to charge 99% of the time. I was able to get it to 50% after 8 hours of charging. I reached out to customer server, only to receive the generic list of steps that was posted on here earlier. What I still don't understand is, how do you expect your customers to rely on luck, frantically plug and unplug the device into the outlet, as a remedy of your defective product? There is a difference between releasing a beta and releasing industrial wastes. Update on shipping please!? Emailed you guys before the holidays about incompatibility with iPad 2 and Iphone4s. No response. What gives? Does anyone know of an Android app that talks to this? I tried searching but came out with nada. What are you Android users out there using with your devise? Any Update on shipping? I have yet to receive a number. Waiting for the product...Please hurry and send me my Trackingnumber! Also hurry with the Android app... Hey,Melon!Why are you not responding to any messages?Im trying to find out if I can cancel my order.You've had lots of problems along the way,and it's understable with a new venture but not responding to your customers is not professional and there is no excuse for that.I don't think its goes very well with consumer rights.Would appreciate with any update or answer to my messages. Guys. can you please respond to my emails ? Just saw the videos in updates and noticed you're using an application for testing called "Melon Platform" on OSX. That looks really amazing. Are there plans to release this? Even if the $50 in VAT-related fees to get this in UK was excessive (please get a logistics company! China has many of them) I'm enjoying the Melon. The raw data and powers don't look too bad. Hope the developer API comes out again for iOS and hopefully can be easily ported to OSX too. I'm almost tempted to reverse the BLE protocol, but can't really afford to spend that time right now and there shouldn't be a need for that. Can you publish the Bluetooth LE protocol? I'm particularly interested in combining with other data sources, e.g. the eye tracking contraption I have. still waiting for my tracking number... Rich, as a fellow developer, you must understand that not everyone knows how to code, those that can aren't always universally great at it in every language for every platform, and people can certainly oversell their abilities to colleagues and friends, ultimately needing to be replaced by those who are more experienced, as Melon did here with announcing their staffing changes as it relates to app development. They had stated previously that their team was primarily electrical engineers, and electrical engineering is a different proposition to software development even though there is a little necessary overlap in places. Their change of removing a party who was not as productive and provided an app for iOS only that is in no way what was originally promised or asked for is a very good idea and shows that they're willing to make hard decisions and correct these mistakes even though they've already invested so much into a person that isn't working out. Great to receive my Melon headband the other day after a long wait. Sadly, it got stuck in customs over Xmas and was only released when I paid the import duty which I'd half expected, however, it was based on an over inflated value in the shipping documentation (almost 50% more than I invested) and therefore the import duty was high, please note Melon and deal with your shippers on this. The only winner is the tax man who get more than is rightly due! Any idea when there'll be more documentation to go with the device as at the moment it's a bit meaningless as there's no calibration on the raw data for example. I was hoping to try my Melon headband on my Galaxy S5 Android device. I brought my Melon to New Zealand as a Christmas present but wanted to get started with it by New Years. Unfortunately, hoping don't make it so. As a developer I understand the pitfalls and overreach in regard to a deadline but spending more time on packaging rather than the software to run a product is ridiculous. Vaporware, this project certainly is not. They've obviously not delivered the Android app, which is dissapapointing, or the functionality that makes the headband useful under iOS as it was originally explained for that matter, but they have been able to verify through what has shipped that it is in fact a working wireless, battery powered eeg with a sufficiently high sampling rate to overcome common sorts of noise and interference that would normally require users to be perfectly stationary. The issues that exist at this point seem entirely software, and while that's a bad consideration to be sure it is something that can be overcome with the devices in the field with a little patience. For those with the incorrect customs declarations, yeah, there certainly is no excuse for that and I'd even propose that the logistics company should refund the differences between a normal customs release charge for the appropriate declared value and that which was actually written on the package for those that were affected. I would like a refund as well. I finally got my Melon today, but it's been disappointing. Firstly it got stuck at UK customs, where I was forced to pay nearly $50 to get it released. When I got the package today I was disappointed that the value you had indicated was double my pledge. That means I paid unnecessary custom charges, of which neither you nor I benefit. Next, I had to realise that Android isn't ready yet. After a very long wait plus shelling out a lot more $ that's very disappointing. I'd rather have waited longer than receive something that I have no use for... Hello, I'd like to receive a refund—how do I go about doing this? I have not yet received the product but from the feedback of the community, this looks to be vaporware. Android app? SDK? more info? Please I think you should say a lot of things to the people that trusted you, and quickly. In the Internet, we know all. Thanks. So much for having an Android app available by the end of December here's the email I got back from support about my band not charging: 1. Start by making sure you have charged the band for at least 30 minutes. 2. Please try quickly attaching (no more than 2 seconds) and then detaching the headband to the charger plugged in upside-down while attached to a power source. This will give the headband a power boost and allow it to reset. 3. Try charging the headband for another 15 minutes. Make sure when charging the headband that the charger is plugged in the correct way (both Melon logos should be visible and the groove on the charger should be aligned with the notch on the headband). If the LED still does not light up, re-do steps 2 & 3 until the LED lights up again. 4. Once the LED lights up again, charge the headband for several hours. 5. Do not update the firmware on the band unless prompted by the mobile app. 6. Make sure you press, not tap, the power button. Try this while the headband is charging and also once the headband is done charging. You should see the LED light up. 7. Ensure you have the most updated version of the app. We fixed a number of bugs and the most recent update was put out on 12/05/14. HTH - R No android app after all this time! Complete bullshit if you ask me. Am I supposed to borrow devices from friends? Or is this supposed to be a expensive dust collector? It doesn't sound like I'd be very happy even with the app as almost every comment on here about the iOS app is about how shoddy it is. Over 3x times the funding you originally asked for and all we get is a piece of expensive plastic, or a shitty looking headband, because without the app this is utterly useless. Is it possible to get a response to my email? The headband won't charge and you don't response to any attempt to communicate (Facebook, Twitter or email) I can't use the Melon like this so replace it or refund it. Couple of comments: 1) The instructions in the box on the color light / pwr button aren't adequate. Wasn't even obvious how to turn it on. I certainly don't understand how to do firmware upgrades. Glad it was easy to bind. 2) The IOS app on my iPad 3 doesn't work right. The resolution must be different than expected, because all the games have offscreen content, and I cannot press the "back" button, as it doesn't respond (and it's written on top of other text). I highly suggest you do some basic IOS debug on various more modern devices. It's really unusable, and since I have an Android phone, the devices is just sitting there. 3) I notice that the app claims that the device's battery is low. It's been on the usb charger for 3 days, and it's still low. Is this an app battery calibration issue? 4) Built-in explanations on the games, such as the background turns blue to show more concentration (as seen in your email), would be very useful. As far as I could tell, the games don't really add much value. The raw data stream is more interesting. Thanks. Well it looks like my Melon is going for a second attempt with shipping although oddly enough it visits a few places in the US before it starts heading north! Guess still no band until 2015... Because you have taken so long to ship, my address has just changed again. Who should I let know? Long story short: this team made some very clear promises that they could deliver with 1/3 of the funding they received. They are a year late and have delivered something that is utterly useless to most of the backers. I don't think anyone believes this is a deliberate scam. But it's a huge fail. A disappointment on about every level. Mostly regarding the app. Given two full years to build this single app, how is it still shoddy, incomplete, and non-existent on one major platform? Obviously, the team did not allot necessary resources to the project. And since we provided three times the resources they said were needed, there's not much excuse for that. If these folks want more patience and sympathy from backers, they owe us a lot more information, and a solid apology. Carl, Melon does have technical support but as I understand it they are inundated at the moment with the task of coordinating the remaining tracking numbers for people, additional correspondence that people have, trying to finish up the a firmware update for the Melon Headband to address the power / charging issues that people have been having, and get the Android App completed and released by end of year as has been promised, and get an update to the iOS App out with Tracking functionality completed (which is highly unlikely to be by end of year due to Apple's App Review Team being closed for the holidays). In my personal experience, the present iOS App is simply not working for most intents and purposes. One can play games every third day if the app feels like cooperating, but largely the headband itself has no bearing on the graphs themselves, as having the headband connected yet sitting on my table generates identical graphs during Gameplay as when no headband is connected. The only thing that the headband is useful for at the moment is as you described the raw data views, which themselves can be somewhat spotty at times. As such, it is taking them a couple days to respond to requests. From personal experience -which may help you or may not- I've found that when it doesn't feel like responding correctly, if I force quit the app on my phone, relaunch it, verify that the headband is showing as connected in the app, and blink a couple times, the graphs will raw draw successfully again. The one time that this did not work for me, I rebooted my phone and graphs again drew. If for some reason neither of these work for you and the device *is* definitely showing as paired and you get it's info from the headband info button in the top right corner, you may want to consider uninstalling the app and re-downloading it from the App Store, just in case. I personally have fingers crossed that the Android release that comes before end of year will include the Tracking functionality, and as such we as a community can evaluate it on that platform before iOS. Further, with regards to iOS, I would also like to propose sending out a survey to gauge how many users are on each platform, be it iOS or Android, what models of devices those users have, and whether those users would be comfortable participating within Beta Testing as to ease the task of development for whomever is writing the apps, as well as possibly open the opportunity for using TestFlight for iOS to get more timely updates rather than needing to wait for App Store Reviews, or APK Packages for Android Users who are capable of side-loading for much the same reason. Do you have some sort of technical support? I used the melon great the first time I used it, the headband appeared to read my brain activity and tracked focus as expected. Over the last few attempts at using the melon I've been unsuccessful at getting it to read anything. When I look at the raw data screen the frequencies are either flat or super out of control. I really feel like I've been wearing it properly and haven't change behaviors since it last worked. Its fully charged. I'm using the iphone 5 v 7.1.1 C Masdeu, Melon has stated that everything has been manufactured and shipped, so it is somewhere between China, Customs, their Logistics Company's Warehouse, possibly Customs again depending on where you are, and You. If you are concerned, there is a contact form on the righthand side of this page that you can use to reach out to them and check the status. Toukarin, Melon has stated that the Android App will be released by end of month, and apologized for how long it is taking. Luke, the charging cable is just that, a 2 lead charging cable. All connectivity with the Melon Headband takes place via Bluetooth. At present there are no publicly available PC Apps or APIs published to allow you to communicate with it, however if you put your headband into pairing mode you should be able to see it on your computer at least. Can't do anything with it, but you can at least verify that it turns on and broadcasts it's existence. Javier, I assure you that I am not. I too am an independent party speaking simply from my own experiences from running businesses and trying to scale them along the way while trying to cope with my own personal life, which is really what drew me to this project. I believe in this project because it has the opportunity to provide me with a personal quality of life benefit that I would otherwise be unable to achieve. As an epileptic, I am forced to be somewhat careful in my day-to-day dealings. Even with medications, I must ensure that I don't "overdo it" as to avoid an event. This product by nature of it's portability provides a means to enable me to actively monitor my physiology and know whether I'm really okay or not rather than trying to make vague guesses. As such, the promise of this offering is great for someone in my condition as it will enable someone like myself to have something much closer to a normal life, which is frankly a spectacular proposition. However, the only reason why I am willing to place my faith in this team and offer them the level of latitude that I do is because at no point do I feel that I have been intentionally misled. Have there been things that they have said that have turned out to be incorrect, yes, but they have been honest and upfront about them in advance rather than leaving them for us to figure out after the fact, with the exception of the "why aren't the apps anything like what you've described?" which I've personally torn into them about but they've since answered to my satisfaction. The product that I have today is of no use to me, but I believe based off of the answers that I've received (both in communication that I've had publicly on this forum and that which I've had privately) that the product will still turn into what we've been promised since the start of this campaign. Haven't received package or track code. (Russia) Mail is slow here and also it's the package jam season. I still haven't received my Melon. Is there any way to check if everything's going all right? What about the Android App for Melon? I received the headset but couldn't do anything with it, much less verify that it's working fine. If I don't have an iOS device is there any way for me to tell if my Melon is working? I don't want to wait 3 months for the app and then find out it is not working only to be told I should have contacted them straight away. I plugged it into my Windows PC and it didn't register as a device but it seems to be charging. Is this normal? Me neither Angela! Waiting, waiting, waiting.....Christmas present maybe...? I don't think so. But I hope everyone else who has one(maybe second one) is happy..... I still haven't received my Melon. Can someone please follow up with me? I got my replacement headband after my initial one was DOA. I posted a comment and Melon support reached out to me. I've been playing with the headband for a little while now and it seems to work well. It has been a long ride but I'm happy to finally have my melon. Although it took a while for everything to come together with this product, I don't think we have any reason to not believe anything these guys say they are going to do. They have come through and been transparent about the whole process. This is still a business though and the money they raised through Kickstarter was only seed money. I mean shareholder :-)), not stakeholder Tyson, you seem a stakeholder of Melon Inc. :-) I don't like to monopolize this forum, so I don't do it more. I'm talking about my opinion, my expectactions, and I'm really far to be agree with the "Melon way of do things" (speaking about their long silences, and the "transparency" you're talking about). Best regards Javier, as a point of clarification, while you did give them money a year and a half ago, your product itself is *only* one year late, not late for the entire duration of them having your funds. They have also been very transparent from a very early stage, well in advance of when we were expecting to receive the product the first time around that things were running a little behind schedule, why things were not working as planned, and how they hope to rectify the situation. Further, they have largely stuck to that revised schedule once they identified issues and adapted their plans appropriately. Presently there are a couple gotchas that are outstanding, like the Android app which we are told we will have by end of month, the tracking functionality, again which we are told will be coming in the next update for iOS with the implication that it will also be in Android as it is based on the iOS app as it has been subject to the same bugs, the power issues which we are told will be resolved with a firmware update, and some remaining people like yourself getting your product, which Melon has confirmed have all been manufactured and shipped so that's all really a waiting game while they clear customs and arrive to your hands. Some things can absolutely be handled better, and I've personally said that it feels like we're the beta test team for the product considering the sheer number of issues that have come up, however it is important to note that this is a quite ambitious project with some very profound implications that when fully realized will enable people to monitor their brain function and in particular what impacts and affects how you think in real time, drawing trends and inferring patterns that simply aren't typically possible due to the nature of how a conventional EEG test must be administered. There certainly have been fits and struggles, and the only reason why we have been able to observe them at all is because we have been able to serve as insiders to the operation of Melon throughout the development of their product. In a traditional relationship, we would be completely kept in the dark that they exist until the day that they have a fully complete product that has been fully tested and ready to purchase at your local Best Buy, as was the case with the Microsoft Band, another Heath-centric device that seeks to change the way one lives their life through being able to make testing that was otherwise quite difficult to conduct or aggregate quite easily accessible. The level of expectation setting on this campaign have largely been very good, where the only faults I have observed have been from enthusiasm towards what the product enables, and miscalculating the difficulty in moving from a handmade prototype to a mass-produced product. I can certainly appreciate your viewpoint though, as many view Kickstarer as a store, and some people certainly use it as such. At the same point it also is not an investment platform either. It is somewhere in between where those who choose to back the vision of an entrepreneur can help to bring a product to market that otherwise likely would not be able to for one reason or another, yet at the same point still assumes the entirety of the risks should things not go according to plan. There isn't the opportunity for reaping dividends or having stock; if all goes well, the best you can hope for is actually getting the product, that it is of meaningful quality, and will be supported long term as the company has been able to show that there is viability in their ideas. I really don't want to jump in here just to complain, so I won't. I don't have an IOS device to try out my Melon, that I have received a few weeks ago, but I do have a PC, and access to a Macbook, so I wanted to ask how the SDK was coming along?, It would be really great if Melon would release some way for us backers to use this device, even if it is just looking at the raw data, or not something that is feature complete. For Android you could release the APK, or set up a beta in the playstore. Please keep in mind we are the first to have your hardware in the wild, and while an app or software that partially works might raise some complaints or questions that you may not want to hear or answer, it's better then a product that in many cases can not be used at all. For instance, I had followed you guys since the days of Axio, I told everyone I knew about this great thing you were developing. Family, friends, healthcare workers. And while I couldn't convince any one else to back you when you finally had the kickstarter, all of these people put there eyes to me to evaluate this headband, and see if it is something they would buy once it hit the market..... So now, here I am with my headband, and family and friends have asked what I thought about it, what do I tell them? I don't even know if it works! I have to bite my tongue, I want to tell them I made a mistake in supporting you guys, but I still want to give you a chance. Please, it doesn't have to do everything advertised, or be pretty, or be bug free, just give us something Tyson, with all my respect...not my circus, not my monkeys. It's Melon Circus. I've paid for a product that, one year and a half later...I don't have. Melon team are the responsible for all the process, not me. And in my opinion, if i launch a business, i take care for my business, and the customer, is the business. Reading from Melon, things like "we are only four in our team", one year and a half later...insults my intelligence. They have to send less than 2,500 headbands...no one is needed...we are on 2014...and, also, many headbands (this is say here) were sent to adresses that not correspond to the backers. Time for apologizes, was gone. It's time to solutions. Javier, it is important to note that staff are expensive, and while they did get a bunch more money to build more headbands for people, they actually need to build more product for those customers. Considering that we are talking about hardware, that those products aren't "free" when growing in scale by any stretch of the imagination. The sizes of runs that we are talking about too, odds are that they only saw a 5-7% decrease in manufacturing costs. Hiring another person, and what may have been razor thin profits goes to a net loss. It's all around a hard place to be. We're just not talking about *that many* customers, and realistically after this big wave of deliveries one needs to assess whether there would be enough work to keep a 5th or 6th person occupied long term and contributing meaningfully to the organization. Plus, it would suck to hire someone on and then need to let them go a few months later just as they get into the swing of things. The way this is being handled, while difficult due to the scales involved is appropriate and in the best interests for the viability of their company, which itself is in our best interests as the customers. Melon, thanks for the update as well as the response to my request. Through their guide, I was able to get my Headband recovered in short order. I am glad to hear that the functionality that you've promised and are presently marketing for the product is still under development and will arrive in the next app update. Thank you for the timely response, and I look forward to seeing the product evolve to its full potential. You previously said the Android App would be out by the end of December. If that is no longer likely, when is the new estimate? Hi, first, thanks for your answers, but, I cannot understand that you have 200k bucks more than your initial estimation, and you cannot outsource, or hire, more people. I'm only one, and can pay my melon on june 2013....2013...and take time to enter on kickstarter, and write this. I'm seriously thinking on not take my melon from postal office (i don't have any track number yet, anyway), reading the customs taxes, problems with the app, with the headband, and, in the top of all, the poor customer service offered by you until today. @creator >this has affected timing on Android and SDK release. What does that mean? Are we going to be able to use our Melon's this year? This user's account has been deleted. Preparing myself to pay that extra 40€ for customs, hope my band will work though I don't have an iOS device to check :-/ I feel that I've been about as patient as I can be, but it's time to chime in publicly. My device arrived working, however will not charge and as such its battery depleted soon after its arrival and is now dead and unable to be used. I also did not receive my premium band that I backed, and instead got the basic grey. I emailed Melon twice now, once through the website and once through the contact form here on Kickstarter over a week ago and have received no response. The present iOS app is broken and will not allow moving beyond the 3rd daily routine group to unlock additional game types, or to play different games for that matter. I am quite annoyed that the app itself lacks all functionality as described on this campaign or even present data shownond the Melon website. Frankly as things exist right now, there is no purpose to even have the EEG sensor as the App derives its graphs from how one plays the games only, not from the EEG data itself. Should the product itself actually turn on at this point, it wouldn't make much of a difference as it remains useless considering there is nothing that can be done with the data at this point, and 5 seconds of love EEG graph data that can't be recorded or analyzed really isn't that useful anyways. I can appreciate a desire to get things into people's hands before EoY, but at the same point a sense of communication is essential. Communication has been a huge part of this campaign until this point with what seemed to be very truthful, accurate, heartfelt and timely updates provided on a regular basis on whatever was going on regardless of how it may make you look due to a setback or an engineering issue and we've largely been supporting and accepting of that. There are problems today because expectations between what we were told we would be receiving and what we are now getting are so wildly different. We can understand manufacturing defects or QA issues from a third party manufacturer, but you've been saying that every unit was being tested, and many, many people are reporting DOAs. You have updated marketing materials on your website that are newer than this campaign that promise functionality that simply isn't in the product. That causes disappointment, and for people to seek answers... Yet when we've been asking for you to rectify these disparities there has been silence. Please chime in and give us an update as to resolve these concerns and set expectations for us to what reality should be and why there has been such a significant disparity for people between what you've been telling us and what we've been witnessing for ourselves. I am VERY dissapointed... 1 - I pledged 114$ yet the package value was written as 149$ and I ended up paying full custom taxes on that value instead of the real one (making me lose close to 15 euros in extra unwarranted custom taxes). 2 - The headband apparently does not work. When I connect it to the charger nothing happens, when I press the power button nothing happens. @Phil McCluskey - finally received a reply from Melon indicating that they have no idea why it started and returned right back to the factory after seven days! They said I will be informed when it is re-shipped?! I sure hope it does not take as long as the first time around. I wonder what all this redundant shipping is costing Melon? This is an absolute debacle. I've been able to confirm that the product is technically functional by causing a spike when I kick out my foot while keeping my head still. Other than that, it is utterly useless. The slightest twitch of the forehead makes the data go berserk. The training mode doesn't seem to use the eeg functionality at all. The app is only available on iPhone. No sign of the promised android version, and the iOs version is very shoddy on an iPad. The documentation is virtually nil. This is a completely new product, and customers are left utterly in the dark about how to use it and what the feedback graphs mean. And the company is totally unresponsive to this slew of valid questions and concerns from its trusting backers, who gave hundreds of thousands of dollars in good faith. But, oh boy, the retail packaging is really pretty. It's incredible not have any answer from the melon team to all this messages written by your investors/customers.... You aren't serious... Hi! I am in SF. I have't seen any tracking number yet. Any ETA? Dear Melon, When I offer this criticism, I feel it is important that it is placed in proper context. First, I congratulate you for taking a BIG risk on a technology that has been untested in the marketplace and trying to create something that one day, may prove to be a game changer in the arena neurofeedback. I know that I'm excited about its potential which is why I invested in this Kickstarter campaign from the beginning. And for those who are frustrated with the initial delays and malfunctions of the device and app, you need to remember that the money you forked over was an investment in a startup which is inherently full of risk. With that in mind, Melon you have a duty to keep us abreast of difficulties you are currently experiencing. We are not your customers, we are your investors. We have a right to know what is going on. Promising to keep us up to date when the last correspondence was over three weeks ago doesn't cut it. For those like me, who have received faulty devices, Melon needs to devise and articulate policies that clearly states how we, as investors, will be compensated. Are we to be left high and dry?--that is certainly your right. Will you work with us to ensure that our products work effectively in the future, even if that means replacing them? I feel I have been as respectful and considerate as one could ask for and I anticipate that you will be forthright in laying out reasonable terms as we move forward. Thanks for your time, Jeff Nesselhuf @Mark Wylie The same thing happened to me; I'm in Canada as well. The tracking number shows the unit bouncing around the US and then ending up back where it started. I suspect it's a customs issue. I sent an email to them and haven't heard back. Has anyone in Illinois received a tracking number yet? I see people around the world getting theirs but I have yet to hear anything. @Jonathan Levi Thanks for putting that group together and I agree 100% with the bizarre size gap between the two smaller fit options. For all of you who are eagerly anticipating your headband, or even just the android app, this is to help manage your expectations VS what was advertised... THE APP "Track" Mode - Promised to track your different mental states while going through day-to-day activities. It also promised the ability to tag variables like what you were drinking, eating and your emotional state. With this data you were supposed to be able to spot trends and receive "real time" alerts that aid you in breaking up your tasks to maintain optimal focus. The "Focus Tracking" mode is as close as we get to this promise. In this mode we watch an EEG signal fluctuate with our various states of focus. Unfortunately, it does not allow you to record, tag or receive any "real time" updates. Also, any movement of the forehead or eyebrows sends the readings plummeting. Try doing yoga without moving a muscle in your forehead… Update: They now use a numerical measurement of your concentration that displays an “Optimal zone.” At the end of the session it gives you a measurement of where you started, where you ended and the average level you achieved. "Tune" Mode- Promised to be a companion that helps you attain the optimal state for events, performances or to just unwind. The "Powers" mode is the closest we get to this promise. In this mode we're able to see the real-time readings of your Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta and Gamma waves in the left or right hemispheres. Unfortunately we’d need to search through a large amount of research (much of it questionable) to learn what role these frequencies play in a desired task. Even Melon did provide documentation or specific in-app modes, it lacks the ability to record your sessions. Not having the ability to record your data in your sessions makes training to attain different states essentially a roll of the dice. "Train" Mode- Promised to be the first game that "allows you to fold origami with your mind." By quickly getting into your desired mental state, and continuing to sustain it, you'd be able to make each fold of your origami creation with increasing speed. As you progress you would be able to unlock new and more challenging creatures. The closest we get to this are the daily routine games included in the "explore" section. (Only 1 of which you can access at first.) The games you're able to experience through the "daily routine" drew obvious parallels to the concepts already used in numerous brain training apps. NONE of these games provided any type of real-time feedback fueled from your mental state or concentration. The only feedback from the melon you got was a vague percentage and message telling you how you did ( I only got “poor concentration”) I think we've been very patient about the delays because we all want Melon to be successful and deliver a killer product. But the fact is what they advertised on their Kickstarter campaign and what they continue to take pre-orders for on their website is far from what's being delivered...like really far. So step it up Melon team. Hi guys, My melon arrives on Friday (Oz), but I'll be in the same boat as others without the android app and SDK... Any updates? @Al Robert - Pre-orders have been getting theirs but I'm still waiting on mine. Melon team no where to be seen or heard. This is officially the worst kickstarter I've backed. Received my Melon. The box will make a great paperweight while I wait for the Android app. Really dissapointed that I have a useless piece of tech sitting around but the Melon team don't seem to be making a serious effort to ensure us it will be here and let us know when. Please advise whether all backers should have received shipping information yet. Still no reply from Melon?! Email and post. My "delivery" of my Melon appears to have gone awry. They sent me a tracking number and after tracking the package for a week I find that they say it has been delivered in a different country! Come on Melon - please respond! Hello, I don't have any tracking number yet, where I can find it? Where is the Android App? I can't find it or an announcement of when its going to be available. Kind of disappointed to get the headband and not be able to use it. Has anyone actually received one that works properly? Even stranger. Now USPS says my Melon has been delivered in Bloomington and I live in Canada?! I don't get it. Anyone with an idea what this is about/similar experience? @Jonathan I joined the FB group I have mine for a week and I have charged it and charged it but my battery (per the app) never passes the half way mark...and at best maybe one or two sessions will it last.. I have emailed them with no response.... If anyone had the issue and or a fix please let me know Very odd. Told my band was shipping but it appears to have spent the last seven days circling around Bloomington?! I really don't get it. Here is hoping it might actually arrive before Christmas ...? i received my melon a couple days ago and am really looking forward to the advertised features in an upcoming release! i plan on wearing mine all day long for constant tracking, does anyone know how long the battery lasts? Had mine for a couple of weeks; to be happy nest I'm waiting for all the advertised features in the app to come through. However I'm a bit concerned in that when I charge it (even for a whole night) the battery indicator on the app never gets above half. Worried mine might end up like some of the others that konk out.......... Fingers crossed Hi Guys... Since the folks at Melon are too busy shipping packages with improper customs documentation, I took the liberty of creating a Facebook group where we can all discuss our Melon's... <url>€40,- customs fee. How could you seriously screw this up so bad when multiple people warned you about this on forehand. You even acknowledge that you would prevent this from happening. Since i didn't had the money on hand i left it at the post office. Still if i had paid for it would be seriously useless without an Android app. Then reading about all the issue below i'm considering not even paying for the extra customs fee and leave it there. I seriously regret ever supporting you guys in this project. I either loose €100,- by not receiving the package or paying an additional €40,- for a potential useless product. More of a query to Melon and anyone else who may have found, or not found, this function. The Melon WebSite mentions "Track" - your focus, relaxation and any activity you do. Grabs data about your location and any variable pertinent to mental state. And Realtime Tips for taking breaks. Anyone know where this is? Just received my unit and I had to pay import taxes for more than I paid for the actual unit. On top of that my unit seems to be a complete dud/DOA... Hope Melon addresses these problems immediately. Just putting my thoughts done. Melon arrived a few hours earlier in Switzerland. Custom Taxes applicable. Although makes me wonder why other KS gifts arrived without the need for Custom Taxes. Melon now charged, linked to iPhone and is currently sitting ontop my head. Using the 2nd smallest block. Agree with the comment about moving eyebrows, but then this is likely down to the skin moving and therefore loss of contact between sensor and skin. Comments wise: 1/. metal tabs for charging, am hoping they are sturdy as was worried about them breaking when connecting charging cable. 2/. Will data be uploaded to Melon Website for ease-of-access? 3/. The daily activities, no ability to re-do a current day? Charging - used a usb wall plug and the little light pulsed purple, left for about an hour and according to the Melon App about 1-red-bar or looks about 20% charge. So...so far.....am happy. I'm reading the comments and can't help getting worried when I get mine. I live in the Netherlands and have not yet received my shipping email. I'm reading about DOA's, import taxes, pre-orders that already received there headband. What's going on Melon? Can I expect to show everybody at Christmas dinner a Melon that doesn't work and set me back extra dollars only to receive it and that was due in 2013? I can't believe that, that would be impossible right? Please respond! Update: So looks like my Melon is a Lemon. The support team did reach out to me and gave me some instructions on trying to get the headband going. I have tried the procedure at least 7x at this point and it looks like headband just never starts charging. So I guess mine was DOA. Good luck to the rest of you guys. Just got my melon today, not sure if its DOA or what but I am currently charging it and hoping the indicators start to work. Out of the box, holding down the indicator light had no effect. Have it plugged into the USB port of my computer at work and hoping it will charge! One more suggestion - The charging cable could be a bit longer ! Got mine today, Required charging before use. The app is cute. Excited to experiment with it more and for the SDK! I received my ,Melon :) When do you expect to release the Android app? I invested in an anodized aluminum badge paying $159, but it's not what I received... Is this going to be replaced by what I ordered? Also, when will there be an android app for this? I received my headband today (in Australia). Thanks very much! I would like to be on your list for notification when Android app is out. I'm unable to try this as don't have an iOS device. In the very unlikely case I have a DOA unit, how long will you warrant the device? Enough time for the app to come out? I got mine today, and it is DOA!! I got mine! I love it, it's working very well so far (only had it a few days) but I'm dying to get my hands on the SDK! Any idea when the new site will be launched so we can start building new apps? I got mind one for two weeks ago and stop working at next day. I got mine yesterday and it stopped working already. :( Some more feedback - pretty underwhelmed -any movement of eyebrows causes readings to bottom out... -we signed up for alerts and notifications about our focus (try stretching a bit), as well as tagging and tracking during different activities (like Yoga, etc)... how do we access those features? I don't really care about games - i want to track my focus and learn how different substances and activities affect my focus... I don't see any of that. By the way, there needs to be a size between the smallest and the next up - it's a huge jump in size, and one is way too small, the other way too big... Day 1 - My melon stopped working. It is not charging anymore ! $64 in import duties.. unbelievable. you guys couldn't mark that it's a $100 value item? Got melon. Had to pay 90 USD on import duty. Instructions could be better . How long should we charge before we can use it ? and what is the battery life ? The app only show real-time data. Can i not see historical data ? Just got my melon! looks good, blue light is flashing ready to be used... but no android app yet :( keen to get my hands on the SDK (probably more than the android app) please release it soon. Paid about $30 in import duty =. ( Anyways I think the app especially Focus tracking / raw data and power needs to be tweaked. Iphone won't last a minute or 2 in that screen before the phone closes it self. Setting should be given to let that page stay open. I got my tracking number a few days ago, checked Fed Ex and my Melon is shipping from CA to KY. Kind of curious about where the multiple warehouses are. Since I am on Android, I am in no hurry. Can't wait to be able to try this puppy out! OK so I've been patient but a guy who works here in the same building as me who was a pre-order just got his Melon. Me, a kickstarter back am still sitting here with no mention of when I can expect mine. I know I have to be respectful and considerate but W.T.F. Mellon - How do you reckon its ok to start shipping to pre orders before having completed deliveries to the people who funded you to the point of being able to get to this point? Also - I'd REALLY appreciate an update as to when my Melon is due with some concrete information as opposed to the vague waffle you've been shoveling. Please understand that I have been patient and considerate, but the fact you are shipping to pre-orders before kickstarter backers has gone down extremely badly. purple means flat battery ? its a silly question. can anyone tell me the led indications (colors) and its discription does it have a 3 axis accelerometer build in ? What's the expected battery life of the headband? For those interested in the Android app, I got an email from Melon saying that it is scheduled to be up before the end of the month. Just received my headband and plugged it in to charge. Since I don't own any apple devices, I won't find out how it works until an android app ships. I'm also looking forward to the SDK - I hope to be able to connect to a PC for some brain data logging and analytics. Some minor suggestions for the future: 1. Revise the user manual to instruct the user to charge the device before using it. 2. In a future hardware revision, perhaps consider using a standard microUSB connector for charging. Proprietary cables are a pain to replace if something happens. I understand that the charging points are a structural element in this design, so this would be a non-trivial change. 3. A more complete user guide would be nice, either in the box or on the website (perhaps I missed it), which would go into detail about how to flash firmware and associate with a bluetooth device. 4. For all us makers with weird sized heads - it would be pretty cool if you posted a design file for a spacer to shapeways or thingiverse (or just hosted it on your own site). Then we could tweak and 3d print custom spacers to our hearts content. All of this is meant constructively - I'm very excited to have the headband in my hands, and am very pleased with the apparent build quality. Thanks for all your hard work! For those of you having trouble connecting you headband, make sure that you charge it before you use it. It's confusing since in the manual it that the purple led indicates that you have a medium charge, but for some reason that actually means that the headband is completely dead. When I put on the charger for a few seconds it immediately connected to the melon app and now the indicator led is displaying red, meaning that there is a low charge. Just got a tracking number - excited to receive my melon. I hope it works! Tyson, I wasn't saying that Melon had decided that Android availability would be based on demand. I was more trying to say that they had not given any indication that Android would be a secondary priority when they put the Kickerstarter out and yet that's how it seems to me today. I'm sensitive to the issue because of lot of cool stuff seems to come out as iOS only or iOS way before Android and I don't support those products. AdamLeonard, I would disagree with the assertion that they are considering Android a "depending on demand" platform. The team has openly stated that they are working on it, but that it is slower going than they were hoping for. For what it is worth, the iOS version shipped missing a lot of functionality that they've outlined within their campaign, so it's not like they're pouring everything into iOS and treating Android as a second class citizen, but rather that the two platforms use very different programming languages and tools. For example, the "What affects your focus", "Where you focus best", "Personalized Insights", "Generalized Insights", "Folding Origami with Focus", ... all not there. The app that was offered is a gamified title where through repeated use you can unlock new games, ala Lumocity and those various other cites out there, except there's a focus around "use our headband" when you play our games because it ... um ... If you go to this one menu not *in* the games you can see the past 5 seconds of EEG results. As such, you're not missing much by not having the app, because the app even on iOS doesn't seem to "do" anything special that warrants even having the Headband in the first place. Having the headband turned on and synced up via bluetooth but not worn on your head will present seemingly identical focus graphs after playing a game as compared to actually *wearing* the headband. Is it possible that an update *will* come out at some point in the future that will bring the app more in line with it's promises at the start of this campaign, I hope so as right now the app and headband have no justification for being together. For what it's worth, despite this being a somewhat critical posting, I am very much a supporter of the Melon team and what they've stated as their mission and how they've been handling communication to date. I wish very greatly that this product will develop into one that is respective of the vision that was offered earlier on within this campaign, and at present have no reason to believe that it can not, but that this is simply a situation of "just add time". My melon is not being recognized by my phone or any other apple product. So vet frustrating. It may be a good idea to make an instructional video on how to connect everything. I think I did everything right but maybe not. for the android app, I don't expect it to be perfect on the initial release. I mean you could just release a working beta version so we could start having some fun too. If Google play store is too much of a hassle just release the apk. I'm pretty sure we can figure it out. I really hope the Android App is ready soon. I would not have backed this product if it had been represented that the iOS app would be available at launch and an Android app would be available "depending on demand" or something similar. Melon, that doesn't sound very encouraging for us android users. After all the delays, I really hope there is some good news on the app front. Android app update requested as well What did you search for? Could you re-check and post the search you typed in or a link or something. I think that could be helpful for a lot of folks. Hey Dave, I had a problem locating the app in the App Store as well. You need to search in iPhone apps and not iPad apps only. Once I figured this out it reappeared like magic. I'm backer 2772 so I think I'll need a little magic to get the Melon before the end of this year. Have fun and give us a post how it works! Just got my Melon in the mail (finally) and can’t wait to try it out. Like everyone else here, I've been excited about this product for a year and a half. So I'm extremely disappointed that it's essentially a fancy $100 piece of plastic because there's no app available. I have an Android phone I intend to use with it, and an iPad that could at least let me try the thing out. I can't find the app in either store. Considering that hardware development was delayed for several months for fabrication issues, why have you not been able to complete a relatively simple app within that already extended timeline? The documentation in the beautiful box could practically fit inside a fortune cookie, and there's no help on the website or anywhere online. Supposedly, the apps were already in development 18 months ago, and supporters have provided triple the budget you needed to deliver the goods. I think those of us who have invested a lot of money, trust and patience deserve a proper explanation of what's the problem. This seems like a very promising product, and you have thousands of enthusiastic supporters. I really want to love this thing, and I think everyone else does to. But if you're going to let us down without apology or explanation, you should expect a lot of ill sentiment and bad reviews from the get-go; not a good start for an experimental product in a new market. Asking for an update on the android app again... Why can you address all other issues and leave this one aside. I believe there are more android users the IOS users - so this concerns most of us backers. Please give an update when the Android app is expected to be ready. Thanks Headband won't turn on despite being plugged into USB to charge. No number or place for support. I haven't heard anything about shipping of my band yet. Shall I expect it to arrive before Christmas? I'm having the same issue with app crashing. I emailed them from their website. Anyone find a solution yet? Anyone else having issues with the app crashing on startup? I'm on latest iOS and iPhone 6+ and can't start the app I got mine last week. It's my understanding that shipping priority is going based off of backer $ value, not backer #. As such, teams, premium badges and the like get it first, then others. In any case, the last of the Headbands should be finished and getting to the warehouse soon to get reshipped into everyone's hands per the last update. I was an "early bird" purchaser and haven't heard anything yet. Any chance I can get some guidance on when to expect it? For the volume of units shipped to warehouses I am surprised not more backers responding to receiving products? All I want to know is.... Where is my Melon?! I wish I did not have to see that estimated delivery of 2013 at the bottom of this page... Hey Gents, Are you still sending out tracking info before you ship these units? I was backer #13 and still haven't anything... Got mine a few days ago (Hong Kong). I agree that the documentation/instructions are a bit light. The app will require additional fine tuning as it took me some trial and error to figure it out. Is it normal that mine did not come with a "melon badge"? I guess it's only cosmetic... My Melon was delivered today as well. However - did not have a chance to use is as I do not have an IOS device. Would like to have some kind of idea on when you expect the Android APP to be ready for use. Got mine last night - super impressed with the packaging and product; fits good and not in the way. Would be good to get some more instruction about what the explore part of the app is actually showing me. Plus the 'Research Platform' and website relaunch, would be good to know what will be in these. I guess when I pledged I could see the potential from the hardware alone, but would be good to know what I've actually bought and how it can be used; I'm not an app developer but I am a researcher. But all round well done team for getting it out there - good job!!! @Creator Can I use the power adapter that came with my iPhone 6 to charge the Melon? Literally have noidea when to expect my headband. Just moved and also need to change address. Who should I let know? My melon was delivered about 2 hours ago. Like the packaging, the fit was firm but not tight, very light, didn't need any of the spacers, charging right now. Looking forward to using this every day. Thanks must go out to the @ creators for bringing this to the masses! @Remiam It did indeed - thanks! I'm backer 1321 as it turns out. Hoping I get my hands on my melon before the end of the year, was hoping to use it in a college project. @Dutes If on an iPad I click on Review Pledge at bottom of KS Melon page and a window pops up with my pledge info. If on a Mac, PC go to KS site. In upper right corner click on ME, scroll down your list of campaigns pledged for to Melon. On right side click the + and it will bring up info on your pledge including backer number. Hope this made sense! @Remiam good to hear tracking codes are being sent out. How do you know you're backer 177 though? Downloaded from App Store a few days ago. I really like it. Simple, Aesthetic and thoughtful. Looking forward to working with the band. Just now got tracking number for those wondering if shipping has commenced. Really looking forward to experiment with my Melon! Thanks must go out to the @creator for bringing this to market! I was backer no. 177. @Bryn Edwards. Thank You! The update hasn't really answered the question about how overseas warehouses and from where overseas backers receive theirs? Seems an unecessary delay to go from China to US back to Australia in my instance if that's the case. The app is called 'Melon - Brain Training' as per previous update. H Melon or anybody who downloaded the app. What's the exact name of the app? I was able to find it a day or so ago but couldn't install because it needs iOS 8. I'm ready to install but can't find it now. Thanks in advance. SK I'm pretty sure mine was delivered by the UPS guy neglected to ring doorbell. I'm going to attempt to go to their warehouse and pick it up tomorrow. Unfortunately, I cant find the app. Can we have the exact name? What is the name of the app? The iPhone app is released and I have downloaded it - so something must be happening....... I've not heart anything regarding a tracking number or received a package just yet. Frankly, I am a little surprised considering that the communication from earlier in the month sure made it sound like the first wave of orders should already be in people's hands. Not sure what to make of this considering that they've previously provided honest updates even though things have been at times behind schedule. Considering the fact that they showed the tracking information of the shipment going to their warehouse for distribution to customers, I'm at a loss. Has anyone received a shipping confirmation yet? Any news? Been two weeks no word from you guys. Can you update if things are moving along according to schedule? Out of interest - the warehouses mentioned in the update, are they all US based or global? Being down in Western Australia it has bearing on how long deliveries take. Just sent a message to you through your website contact form, please keep an eye out for it! If there's a better way to get in touch with you please let me know. Thanks! @Tyson -- Thank you for the thorough update. Much appreciated!! Does the Windows SDK support universal apps? In doing so, Windows based Melon apps would work on all Windows phones, PC's, and tablets. Thanks! @Mark Deitch: There's 287 Badge devices going out from the look of it. 5 founder dinners. 44 teams (11x4). 91 premium badge. 147 custom badge. According to the Update that Melon sent out, it sounds like the first wave is still between Manufacturing and Distribution and should arrive on Monday. It doesn't look like any have made it to customers yet. Regardless, Melon said that they will be providing tracking numbers when packages leave their warehouse. Just a few more days until the first group should be hearing something, followed by everyone else over the next few weeks. I am a Badge level backer. Since there are only 2 levels above Badge, with only 16 people in those levels, I have to assume that you've sent 0-16 headbands to those backers. If that's not the case then have Badge level sponsors already been shipped their product and I was inadvertently missed? an update of the app in the app store would be great too, i'd happily be playing with the app whilst waiting for my Melon to arrive Will there be any tracking number? Melon Team, I believe that the concerns that people have regarding the timeline is that your update that you are referring them to simply states the following: Week of Oct 20th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses Week of Oct 27th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses + Distribution Those details are themselves not all that useful, as it does not say whether during the Week of October 27 whether you foresee that all production will be completed and distribution will begin for everyone, or whether production is simply continuing and will be ongoing for an indeterminate length of time, and that said distribution will be taking place in waves over the course of many weeks, maybe months. That uncertainty is what is making people feel uncomfortable, despite the fact that here we are at the very end and you having the finished product right there. What will probably be beneficial here is for a quick explanation of the following points: Is production of all units ordered through this Kickstarter campaign completed? If not, what has been the yield from each of the past few weeks in production? Are there any remaining roadblocks or foreseeable issues relating to getting this product into people's hands (Production, QA Validation, Certifications, App Development for any Supported Platforms, etc.) Basically, is there anything that you know about today that is likely to be a huge surprise for people when they start receiving their product? Communication on this project has largely been honest and to the point regarding what you have, and where things are going. Things have gone a little slower than we all would have thought, but we've been kept informed in a timely fashion along the way and no one can really fault you for how this was handled. In my opinion, this was handled quite professionally. Kickstarter is an unusual beast as it creates visibility into operations that are normally kept entirely behind closed doors. Typically for a business, a product is only announced when all the kinks are worked out and production runs are already underway, or in some cases when the product is actually presently being shipped out to the stores for purchase. Very rarely do we get to see something based off of it's potential when at the prototype stage and bringing it through each of those vital productization steps. Even Apple's Watch that they are bringing to the market this spring exists and is being worn in public by their staff. It just isn't finished yet. Xbox when it was announced was already in the hands of game developers for months so that they could be working on getting some content ready for it's debut. There is obviously a lot going on in finishing up these last hundred yards, and everyone around this table is certainly becoming a little exhausted from this marathon, however it certainly seems as though this is a time for patience, civility, and a redoubling of efforts towards communication to settle some of these concerns that have been expressed over the past few weeks and get everyone not just happy again, but excited about receiving their Melon head bands. So, are you behind your schedule again? Please make an update. It's been a while since last update. Hi, I would appreciate an update re: shipping. Kindest Regards, Jack What is the status of the Windows Phone app? Thanks. When is the next update? Lets try this request again - how about a firm timeline for when we will receive our Melons?! as much as I appreciate any communication from Melon, the lack of details leaves me unsettled. Here is hoping that we will actually see someone get their Melon! Haven't heard anything since last update. I got one of the early bird head bands so I would think that it would be one of the first to ship, but still nada. Has anyone actually received their Melon yet? I have heard absolutely nothing and no tracking number received. Melon, could you please respond to my message. Time sensitive again ! Please have a look and reply Hi! What is the shipping timeframe for the custom engraved headbands? Hi Melon team, will you support the Apple "HealthKit"? thanks. Looking forward to this. Sounds like we're close! Hey Melon Team, keep up the great work, seriously. Bringing a product that the world has never seen before to market is incredibly challenging, and I'm so excited about the progress y'all are making. Keep it up — we're all rooting for you! Here here - keep trucking gang nearly there!! Keep up the good work team Melon! I know how hard you guys are working to make the product and the rollout as perfect as possible and appreciate that you aren't willing to compromise just to get it out the door. You guys are the best and can't wait to have my melon soon any word on the windows phone app? Is this still in the works? Great things are worth waiting for! Look at how awesome the entire campaign is, you can't possibly think they are going to under deliver! Waiting a couple months for a lifetime of neurologic insight seems worth it to me! GO TEAM MELON! Let's go Melon let's go! Keep it going guys! Melon team seems to me a "habitual liar" right now. I just looked on the melon twitter account. It replied to somebody, probably another backer, that "@yonben normal, but we're working on it. We'll be in touch with everyone this week." on Oct 6th, 2014. Maybe their "week" is roughly the size of two normal weeks. I cannot remember how many times this kind of lies have been told by melon team. The silence is deafening. No response to my post from some time ago. How about a precise timeline like my melon is shipping in X days? If all is going so well can we not have a firm deadline to expect our products by? A concerned backer. Its so annoying waiting for a year now... I agree with what Nachi Farkas has to say Hi Team Melon, I think it was a real mistake promising shipping would be starting soon without a timeline. After waiting 17 months for this project, these past 3 weeks have been agony. Clearly you have created a tremendous amount of hype, but the extended timeline comes with a loss of vested interest of backers in helping the company once we get the product in our hands, especially if it does not live up to expectations. Having backed other projects, I am always impressed when responsibility is taken and if delays occur the company finds other ways to keep their backers happy (sending them swag or upgrading them in some way). Sadly from you we have only excuses and intermittent radio silence. Just consider that we will be the first reviewers of Melon when it first comes out. So, shall I forget about my Melon until next year? Hi Melon! Can you please get in touch with me I'd like to confirm what address you have on file as I recently moved~~~ :/ no news on my shipment yet.... @Melon I sent a message a while ago trying to give you an updated shipping address. I have not received a reply - could you also please reply with my estimated ship date? Cheers. @Melon team, I have requested a response by sending you a message through your website and comments here. Please can you let me know how do I cancel and get a refund? Welll this was my third project all around the same time and none have come through yet. All were funded in excess of their goal. Today I funded another project for pavlok.com on indiegogo. I do hope this comes through. My estimate receipt date is April next year. I will not hold my breath. I do believe I will get this melon one day. My bamboomi, I don't think will ever come and my $ is gone. It is too bad, all of these products are great, but it seems without business experience estimating expenses involved in manufacturing is greatly underestimated. I do hope I get my melon soon. and of course, how is the golden week in China, 80% of the world production of all kinds of products, has been stopped like the melon, right? Don't kidding please... I'm thinking that when the melon finally arrives to me, the human race there will already developed telepathy.... Dear Melon, This morning I woke up(Amsterdam, Netherlands) and suddenly thought about the melon headband. Didn't I invest money in this project 17 months ago? Along with other backers? But why didn't I already receive the headband? What's the status I thought. I had been reading your updates and was reading the disappointing feel of the updates. Every time there was an "excuse" for something that went wrong or was out of your hands. This morning I read something in the public comments that again is disappointing. Again there is a delay due to something you might have seen coming. I can understand some of the backers' reactions. And I understand the process you are in. My suggestion: Try to be the best of your ability and don't make promises you can't keep. And sometimes it helps to say 'I'm sorry '. Thank you in advance. Oh, I guess the melon team is on a happy happy vacation (according to Arye's facebook page) and they just forget there are 2,723 backers out there waiting for their headbands which were supposed to get shipped last year. "Fantastic"! 2,723 students learned the lesson and paid the tuition. :-) Still hoping for an update with some concrete information. Melon Team? Hey, Melon, you forget to "be in touch" AGAIN What are the chances of getting the app to plug into health kit released in iOS 8? :) #Ninad - think you need to review what kickstarter is about; you don't just decide to bail and ask for a refund mate..... Hi there!so when do I receive mine?is it possible to cancel and get refund?can you give any more or less exact dates?it has been sooo long... I guess there is something going south? Don't just say "an update is coming" and then silence. Please can you let me know how do I cancel and get a refund? When will this be shipping? Hi Guys, Any news? Please keep us posted. Bryn, unfortunately HealthKit does not yet have EEG capabilities. There are some places that data could get shoehorned into such as "Sleep" tracking, but for the moment that's about it. Should there be a need, there's certainly the chance that people could convince Apple to add another category to HealthKit through a future iOS Update, however at the moment it is a non-starter. I appreciate the extended time it has taken to get the hardware out; but software is moving on - so my question is what's the readiness like for integrating melon signals into Apple's forthcoming Health app on IOS 8? Will be impressed if this is released before 2015. Are you really still working on this thing?? Jason, I completely agree with you there. Melon has been quite communicative, and that is what sets apart the usual Kickstarter scammers from the rest of the pack. And for what it's worth, I'm bundling the likes of "we have a completed product that we just need funds to produce, but oh darn, turns out there was an 'unforeseen' manufacturing issue that requires a massive retooling and a complete redesign that makes the product look and behave nothing like what we 'showed' you originally." in there with scammers. While they ultimately produce something, they did so based on a lie and would likely not have received our support if they had been upfront about "we have nothing but an idea and a photorealistic render". Melon's *honesty* sets them apart. Sure, they're behind schedule. Sure, they've had issues that have popped up. And if you placed an order from someone like Emotiv, then the answer is "we just wouldn't have told you the schedule, or that the product existed until we received our certifications and entered manufacturing." Companies are forced to alter their deadlines all the time. The difference is that not very often is the customer made aware of it, let alone to the level of detail that we are. And considering that there has been a continuous flow of information supported in many cases by externally verifiable evidence where possible, and where not possible through photographic shots of continued progress of a single product line, there is little reason to believe that we've actually been misled. As an epileptic, having something like this would be a life saver for me (quite literally) as it's a portable EEG (single lead, but better than nothing) that I could wear for an extended length of time and use to attempt to trend patterns and triggers for what causes an event. We know what an event is, where it's located, and how to induce one, but when one occurs "naturally" in normal life while walking around, having fun, laughing with a friend and snacking on something... No idea because the testing apparatus to do so is frankly to unwieldy to consider utilizing in a normal, and frankly uncontrolled setting. This very well may not work for what I'd like it to do, but it's a shot really, and who knows... even if it helps to see some clue that can translate to other more reliable physiological characteristics, then that's a huge win for me. I want this product, possibly more than anyone here because of this very reason. It has the potential for a direct quality of life improvement for me and possibly even allowing me to go out on my own without needing to worry about telling people "I am going here, I will be with this person, I will be gone until this time." verifying that my "Find My Friends" feature is working on my phone and that it has a full charge should I be late and not check in, and that wherever I go, I go *with* someone rather than doing the whole open ended private hike up in the mountains on my own taking photos of whatever looks interesting. People should remember that when you back a project on Kickstarter, you are providing support to bring an idea to fruition. The more complex a project is, the less likely it is to go as planned, even with the best estimates. If you are upset and expecting to be compensated for delays, you shouldn't really be investing in projects on Kickstarter and should just wait for a product to be released to the general public. There are a lot of hardships bringing a product to market and the only hardship you choose to take on as a backer of a project is to be patient. If Melon was not keeping backers updated it would be a different case, but they've done a good job keeping backers updated with on-going progress. i'm tired... A few things make me wonder now, there was no "happy" picture with all the melons they packed so far, I think that would be cool to see the tens of them for real/ Another thing is, Melon, what was your plan about iOS and Android programs back in time when you planed to make product by November of 2013, and now you are still rushing to finish it all. Just wondering about it all. hi guys, its been soo long i have even changed my address...please let me know how to update my address so u guys can send it to my new address..btw- ven is it due? I'd rather hear fact-based "bad" news than nothing at all. Projects rarely go as planned. It's all about how you react when things go sideways on you. For my money (literally), you're reacting the right way. If you know you've got a design flaw, fixing it is the right thing to do. The truth is that we are beta testers of this product, so as much as you want to be perfect, we should all understand that there are some things you cannot predict (like how users are going to handle the product out in "the wild"). Keep doing what you're doing folks. I'm looking forward to getting my melon! Whoops, forgot to change years: 14 August 2014, 15 September 2014 So, MP "still slated for August" but with no actual confirmation of when the product will be in my hands. Ordered on: 14th May 2013 Project fully funded: June 13th, 2013 Estimated delivery: November 2013 It is now: 14 August 2013 I doubt I'll see this product before 15 September 2013. How do you plan to compensate users for this disappointment? You were saying that we'd be getting an update "early next week" after it was held from last Friday. It's now Wednesday evening which puts us well past early, just past middle, and on our way to late week. So, what's up? Hola, I'd like to hear from you guys. I got my tonsils out today and was really hoping it would come before :(. When I can have my melon ?? I completely agree with your sentiment and more timely responses would be nice, however at the same point when there have *only* been 154 comments over the past 421 days of the campaign closing, with 47 of those being from Melon themselves. That would mean that there has only on average been a comment from a backer once every 3.93 days (including things like "Thanks"). Not that I'm excusing the timeframes on the responses, but when it takes some random person 4 days to chime in to ask a question, it doesn't seem that unreasonable to think that they would just check in once every 4 days to see whether there is one to give an answer to. I'd say that realistically the communication turn-around time issue would land more firmly on Kickstarter themselves for not adding some kind of "Daily Digest Updates" that could be emailed out should a comment be added since they don't notify project creators. I'd personally say that should your question apply to others and not be sensitive in nature (like them saying "we're under NDA, but...", or something else to that effect), then by all means share it here or express that you believe that others also have the same question and ask that it be included in the next official Update to the group. For what it's worth, if their response time was "weeks" rather than days, I'd be right there with you on saying that it seems like a long time to wait. However, on the flip side, considering your question (Paraphrasing: "will it be unusable on receipt, and if so for how long?"), there is obvious political and policy considerations that could impact the company and how it is perceived long-term by prospective customers should they throw out a "yes, and we don't know, but soon we hope." Whatever response they give becomes policy that can't change too drastically, or it too shows company policy and culture, and can scare off prospective customers. I'm personally quite impressed with the communication provided by this team because most of all it has been consistent. Sure, the product is late, but what Kickstarter isn't? They are regularly communicative, they are on-point, unwavering, and continually showing progress towards delivery. Certainly one of the most admirably run Tech Kickstarters than I've seen that's for sure and should be a guidebook for those in the future wishing to undertake such a crowdfunding campaign. Are there things that could be done better, sure, but this is about as good as I've seen. Hi Tyson Edwards, I can understand you point regarding the lack of activity here. However, I do not expect a same day answer - or even next day answer. 3-4 days seems to long. Moreover, My posting a comment is for all backers checking in here to get a chance to get updated at the same time. I will take you advise and send a direct question in the website - maybe I'll post the answer here... Have a great weekend :-) This project is frankly not very active comment wise, and as such I wouldn't expect the Melon team to be checking in here daily to see whether someone has posted a question in the comments section. They have a website with a contact form, we have their email addresses, and if there is ever anything that you don't feel that you are getting an immediate answer on that you feel that you should be getting a more timely response on, I'd say that by all means try them by a more "direct" method of communications. It's not like they get an alert when someone comments here after all. Plus, we know that they're packaging and getting ready to ship to all of us, so seems like they have other things going on to occupy their time than check in here every few hours and see "Did anyone comment? Nope." Of note, these are simply my own opinions as a fellow backer for the project and if in the past year there had been way more than 304 comments then I'd feel very differently. When I've emailed them in the past (admittedly it's been many, many months ago), they provided very timely and well thought out responses. Hello Melon Team, I think that we have all been patient and supportive - backing this project and waiting over a year for the Melon (9 month overdue) Still can't get a clear answer here : 1. will we (android users) receive unusable hardware? 2.when (date) do you expect to have the app ready for use? On an unrelated issue, Why does it take you so long to reply to questions? Why can't we get any reply? does it take three days to write 3-4 lines? The product experience is going to have to be absolute out-of-this-world to compensate for my level of disappointment at the delay... Hello Team, I must join the inquiry regarding the Android app. Can you shed some light on the issue? It seems a lot of us are waiting for a reply. Surely Android users aren't going to have to wait for the release of the app, right? Isn't Android by far the more popular platform? Please correct me if I'm wrong. There is still no sign of the iPhone app. If you are now shipping hundreds of bands out, how could those lucky people actually use it with out any app to control? Exciting news about shipping...my only concern...will I have to shelve the thing for months before an Android app becomes available? Do you have any sort of time frame for us? Thank you so very much for your recent backer update. Please let me know when I might get an individual reply indicating when my order will be fulfilled. Would be able to know when the melon has been shipped to us individually? will there be tracking numbers? Hello @Melon, any updates? @Melon: are you still on track with the schedule published in the last update? Have the 100 Melons be received and your shipping been validated? Did you start to ship the next 500 Melons today? Would be nice I you send a small update at the end/start of each of the milestones you outlined in the update. Thanks a lot! @Richard Griffiths Ghm, you paid a year ago, when you choose pledge, you gave allowance to withdraw that amount of money from you account, if this product collects its goal of 100,000$. It got three time more, so it got launched and the money been taken from all who pledged. When do I find out how to pay you and get my melon shipped guys? When are we going to get an update?! This is very frustrating - We have been waiting for so long... Why can't we get regular updates? How do i change my shipping address? its been so long i dont even remember which one i entered Will you be providing another update this week? Can i get my money back? its just been too long of a wait and I cant be bothered tracking progress any more. No schedule update... Schedule update? I too need to change my address. Please let us know what to do. My address changed as well. How would I go about updating the info? My address has changed too, I've written an email last week but haven't received a response. How would you like me to go about updating my address? Can I update my shipping address? Moving to a different apartment at the end of the week don't want to rely just on forwarding. The new update didn't clarify about Android users. Are we going to be shipped products we can't actually use? Hello Team, Please provide any kind of update... Are we to expect the Melons in the coming month? HI Melon team, As you can see - there are a few of us who are getting quite impatient and would be glad to receive an update on when we might receive - and for us Android users - actually be able to use the headband... "we'll be posting another update next week with further updates :)" Hey guys! It's the end of the week, are there any new updates as you suggested? Hopefully @Nitzan isn't right and we Android users will be able to use Melon as soon as we get it. That was my understanding of how it will work. Out of curiosity, why do you focus on getting the iOS side working first? I was under the impression that Android was a far more popular operating system. Am I wrong? Honestly - not sure I will ever get this Melon any time soon... I'm an Android user - from the last update - I understand that even if I will get the Melon , I can't use it... is that so? Hi Team, Any news on estimated shipping dates? You update advise shipping during MAY... I didnt get Any emails I don't see the Blue, Orange, or Lavender badges pictured anywhere. And it would be really helpful to see the headband with the color selected. After just checking out the new site I was surprised to only see the black and white headbands w/o badge color selection. @Aleksandrs That's great to hear. Thanks for letting me know. Cheers @Pablo They have changed design, so it will come with some adjustable parts now. I apologize if this has been answered beforehand. I just received the survey and was about to fill it out when I realized there is no option for sizing. Is that something that will be asked in a future survey? Any idea when we will get access to the API for development? Rant Mode Enabled: This project was estimated to be complete in NOV 2013, this is just under 6 months after it was funded. The issue here is that it’s 6 months late and took 1 year to come to market. Now there are several competitors with similar products that have more compelling features. This leaves me in a position of being between a rock and a hard space. I like the fact you guys wanted to create something. What I don’t like is the fact that it took you so long. The thing is you were almost 3x the goal funding needed and you’re still late to market. Not only that but there is very little communication about what the holdup is or what is going on. You have to realize when you are doing a product in the tech sector you have to be on time or early to the market, as the landscape changes often. In addition to this you have to have an agile process that will allow for features to be swapped for ones that put more of a competitive edge against competition in a relatively short time. This brings value to your customers and keeps them coming back because they don't feel like they lost out by backing you. At this point unless there is another way to use this product other than iPhone I won't have much value for it as I've moved to an Android phone. So while I don't doubt you guys put a lot of hard work into this and that's good, you just can't leave your customers hanging or fail to be agile enough to react to competition. rant mode enabled : The most disheartening thing to see is backers dropping out because they feel they didn't get something they paid for. I see this on so many Kickstarter projects and it's just sad. See those reward levels on the right? Those are rewards for pledging IF a project is successful. Yes, it's wonderful to be the first to get something amazing, but there's no guarantee. And the whole idea of someone who's new to the world of creating a product/business/etc. giving an accurate estimate of time is laughable. This project was funded in June 2013, and the estimated delivery was the same month. If you backed this project thinking that was even remotely feasible, then maybe you should reconsider backing Kickstarter projects at all. I have backed more than 75 projects at this point and I have yet to see a single one of them throw in the towel. Some took a long time to complete, but they eventually did. And I've been quite happy with every one of them. You should be thinking very carefully about what you back. And when you do, just assume the money is spent and you won't be getting it back. I think of it as donating to help someone else get started. If I happen to eventually get something in return, then so much the better. For all those who decide to bash the creators, maybe you should try running your own project before telling someone else how to run theirs. Having helped start and run a business, it's a bit harder than you may think. : end rant mode Just filled out my survey. Really looking forward to this. I have backed this project for quite a while now, and the timeline has overly extended from what was promised. I still want my product, but I backed this project with an expected timeline that my life could accommodate. August is the typical time that apartment lease agreements will be evaluated, and I am changing locations. Today gave my feedback for my current location to be the shipping location. Will I get my shipment prior to August? If this is not the case, would accommodations be made for change in shipping location? Hello! I would also be interested in a pro-forma invoice. Can I please be contacted about a refund? The wait for this is far, far too long. I was ecstatic to fund this when I first got my Galaxy S4 and thought I could get use out of this project, but keeping us backers waiting almost a year is a bit too long! Perhaps a longer estimated delivery date in the future would be beneficial. We all understand that unexpected circumstances arise, and you guys have kept us in the loop fairly well, but that money is tied up and could be used better elsewhere! I'd appreciate a message, hopefully soon, about discussing a refund. Hello Melon Team, Can you advise if the Melon will be shipped with an invoice? If so, can you proivde a pro-forma invoice or copy? Some transparency in the form of an update on what's going on would be great. Seeing so many people lose faith in Melon isn't very encouraging... So…you guys are selling headbands on Grand St. but you haven't fulfilled your Kickstarter orders yet? ETA? Melon guys, can you give a serious and updated ETA? I've been promised a refund by pm every month since December but I'm still awaiting. Guys, Cost, Schedule and Scope. With the responsibility of the product/service towards delivering those 3 factors to the consumer (in this case). I would be advising you to create a monthly report on these metrics. If you are not tracking them. You should be. Cost = never more than 10% plus or minus, with minus obviously being desired. Schedule = same. Scope = once sold/agreed on, do not change unless circumstances DEMAND it, and even then you should be seeking approval from your investor. IF you are experiencing slip, your investors should know about it within a week/month. Otherwise confidence and relationship erodes. You will find most people are capable of accepting change when kept in the loop. With real life hard hitting corporations being the ones who will demand a progress report and then begin to seek compensation for every second/cent that you cost their business by not delivering "agreed upon terms" within time advised. Personally, you have my money, what you are losing is my confidence in your ability to deliver, this is a really good idea but good ideas require good teams to create and sell them. As any potential investor looking at your team, I would be wary of such a large scale time slip, at a semi-secretive nature (akin to that of a child trying to hide something wrong). I would politely suggest you hire either a project manager or equivilent. Not because I don't think you're brilliant human beings, but because you are brilliant human beings, potentially caught in the promise of what can be, rather than grounded in the can be now. kindest Regards, Jack Can SOMEONE please contact me? This is highly unprofessional, I will make sure to never back any of your projects again! Hello Please contact me as well. I can actually spend this money on a fitness tracker that's real and not just fiction. No guarantee the delivery date will not change again so I would like a refund too. Thank You. This is a disappointingly long wait and over a month since a update. I'd like to be contacted about a refund please. Hi Melon Team, Could we get another update on the current status of the project? I think everyone would love to hear about where you are at in the process. Thanks! Hello, I have waited way too long and I want to cancel my order and get a refund. I would like someone to contact me ASAP, thanks Could i get a refund? I am done waiting. The delay has become to long. So the shipping change to around May and June? Is it possible to get refund? Cause I thought this should be on my head already. Few month late is ok bit now the ship date is making it half year late from the original ship date. Thank you This user's account has been deleted. +1 for an update (> 1 month) and +1 for information on the API. Guys. C'mon, an update it's necessary now.... Its February! Any updates on if the product is going to be making it into mass production by March still? Been waiting patiently (i.e anxiously) for the headband since pledging last summer. I am a CS student at Old Dominion University, and I am very excited to receive this project. I have a research project lined up that will use the Melon, and I wish to know when the dev tools/api will be available. Also, how do I go about ordering more Melon units once they are in production? i do not see anything about "Melon" here: <url>"first quarter 2014"...is a considerable delay... I don't need the melon headband to know my EEG waves after read this... :-/ @Jack Shennan - Jenkins Well said. Seconded. Small, regular updates are always appreciated. Hey guys, I know with delays in schedule, especially with mounting costs, and pressures from stakeholders to deliver the idea of delivering bad news can be really daunting. I think at times like this the best thing you can do is be open and honest, if there continues to be delays please just let us know. If you're so busy you cannot even think properly to formulate a proper brief, even one sentence just letting us know that while you're not able to this week you will try next week to update. I say this, just because at month long intervals a few warning lights are flashing in my head in regards to project timeframes and expected deliverables. Kindest Regards, Jack ...I meant on the updated schedule to be announced Ditto missed update Did I miss the update last week? any update? already passed a long time without knows anyting about the project (i know it should be shipped in novemeber, i just want to know how is everything going) Hi Premium badge backer here... Looking forward to getting our headband...when will you contact us for the custom engraving of up to 7 characters? THANKS! Estimated delivery? Never? We don't know? What's going on here? Almost at that one month mark since the last update so I'm guessing there is another one coming soon. Would be great to know if we are on track to get delivery in November. Thanks. It's been almost a month since the last update. We would really appreciate some kind of update to let us know where the project is at. Hello guys, it would be nice if you roll your SDK, to start studying Is there any update in the delivery time if it's on or off schedule This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I like the sizing unit concept. Will the cad files become available too? Then people can 3d-print their own customized units. Add your name, company name, logo etc... Can you sleep with the headband? Sooo~ 2 months now. Anything new? 請更新！Update please! Update please! Those of you waiting for an update on this, be a little patient! July 26: Thanks for all the support and we've been working really hard so look for some bigger updates in the next few weeks!! There should be an update any day now. Will you consider making an app for the Ubuntu Edge, assuming that project succeeds? <url>"old" Zeo device and saw this link on needing to replace electrodes every few months. Will melon also have replaceable electrodes? Will we need to use a conductivity improving gel with the Melon? <url># targeting Android, iOS, and MS devices with push events and intertube connectivity. I have the framework 80% completed. I'll be making use of Trello & Webex for project related discussions. My commitment time is limited; however, it will be dedicated time. Only inquire if you will be willing to see it thru to the end. I wish this device had an adjustable velcro style piece to it as that could make it fit multiple head sizes. but an actual question, any chance of developing some more games like the origami one for the melon app? im more interested in making my focus more powerful by engaging in an activity like that I hope Large really is large otherwise i will need a size Massive because thats just how big my head is... I'm waiting for the day that ya'll and leapmotion combine forces. @Creator, thanks for your comments, i am sure you guys can pull this through after all if you are smart enough to pull this device together and make so cool things what is a small thing like an adjustable headband in your way?!?! and by the way good design is only when is practical and it functions as it supposes and of course is esthetically pleasing... sometimes people go a lot for looks and forget the practicality part.. which makes the device poorly designed... but it just my 2 cent opinion.. @Maxime, with 2,289 backers how come no one is really pushing and asking for this?!?! i think is one REALLY important part of this device... to be wearable by the whole family or you buy something who only you will take the benefits?? what about your kids??, your spouse? if this device can be used for a truly amazing self learning experience and improving our own knowledge would you want to share with the people you love and give that extra edge in life? thanks for sharing my view.. helder @Creator - I really think that adjustable sizing is THE thing that it miss to MELON. If you are able to design it, it will be awesome ! The hole family can use it. That mean it will be cool to add "profil" fonction on the app. Do you know what I'm say'in ? @Christian thanks for showing me sometimes we see what we do not want to see.... but still do you know which category you fit in? i do not, maybe i am medium headband user because is average!? will we have measurement given to them? is not like i am going to a store and try out like a hat or tailor make it and since the sensors are there to pick up the vibes i just wonder if there is some interference if is not corrected adjusted!? and also, i have to admit, it was maybe a dream of mine making this headband been able to be used by a family of 4 (mine) it makes sense to me to share good investments and good things...yeah i know is a long shot!? or there is still a possibility of a different outcome!? thanks helder "Before we ship your headband we will prompt you to pick a size--Small, Medium or Large--based on your head size. Don’t worry, we will make sure you get a Melon that fits!" It's in the FAQ. by the way i think this was already answered but i could not see the results, ....is the headband fully adjustable? or is only one size? which would mean it might fit me well but not my wife and definitely not my kids which if it is like this sucks... also are they sizes standard short, medium, large or you will measure up your head let them know and in return they send you to fit your head and not almost to fit your head?! i wonder if the misfitting can give misreadings on the sensors...for the nature of the sensors or because the discomfort of wrong size headband?? thanks helder @Helder - Maybe your right... I hope they down the mount of this stretch goal... I think the creator just do not want to do the webdash.... 6 days left.... way too much @Creator - I'm agree, $350K is a bit too high.. maybe 300K should be fine ! $100K/$99 = About 1000 more pledges in 7 days... Good luck! Even if the new stretch goal isn't met, check out mentronome.com. It is already a dashboard for tracking meditation sessions with the Neurosky Mindwave. Would love to work with you to expand it for melon. @Dung I agree. It's a great goal and I would really love to see it. It is definitely a stretch though. @Melon I think you set the stretch goal a bit too high. Although funding will increase in the last 48 hours, funding for the last week has significantly slowed down. We will be lucky to get to $300k. <url>#chart-exp-projection @Jordi Gomez ... +1 ;-D @Melon Any new stretchgoal in mind? @Creator / Melon -- I kindly thank you for your commitment to stay in touch with us. No one can read the future to see if problems will arise or not, but knowing about the problems and more generally, just how you're going with everything would be great. Many many thanks!!! @NY, and most of all, they already engaged by opening a kickstarter campaign, the rest is only words with no real value. @Joerg Fricke -- I understand this is not amazon.com and we're not "buying" something per se, but the creator of this project has made an undertaking as follows: "If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfill all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfill. A failure to do so could result in damage to your reputation or even legal action by your backers." All I ask is that we be kept up to date, that the Melon team commits to keeping us to date, even just to say we're still here and soldiering/soldering on. I'm not asking for a weekly thesis, just a heads up vs. deafening silence. @NY There is a certain risk of failure involved in *every* project of these dimensions started by newcomers, and I cannot think of any effective way of avoiding this risk. Even without knowing the melon team personally, I would give them the same credit of trust as I give any manufacturer. If an established firm said "Your device will be delivered in November." I would not ask them to inform me about details of the process on a weekly basis. Only after the month of November is gone I would ask for an explanation of the situation. Ordering 3000 pieces of a standard part takes the same time as ordering just 1000, but *assembling* 3000 pieces of a new device might take considerably more time than 1000. For this reason alone, delivering in time might be a challenge for the team. Make no mistake, I will love to hear any details of the progress; but during periods of silence I will imagine that the team gives higher priority to managing the production process than writing messages about it. So, in my opinion the Melon team promising to send a lot of messages would be of no real use for the backers but might bind energy which will be needed for the real task. - An open letter to the creators of this campaign - Dear Arye Barnehama of "Melon", I ask this question with respect and it is asked in good will. Being relatively new to Kickstarter, it has very recently come to my attention that some Kickstarter campaigns start off with all the good vibes and feels and general elation of the public and the campaign creators, but once the clock stops and the money is transferred, some campaign creators drop off the radar and it feels like the money has been obtained in a way which does not feel like the project was in good faith, i.e. we give you money, you give us product when complete. I am asking if you can give the backers on this project a guarantee, a very important one, which is easy to uphold and costs nothing from your end but holds tremendous value to the backers Will you PROMISE TO KEEP THE BACKER COMMUNITY UP-TO-DATE at least on a WEEKLY/FORTNIGHTLY with ANY AND ALL UPDATES, NO MATTER HOW INSIGNIFICANT so we don't go crazy and wonder how it is the community has been swindled again? The reason I ask this of you is because it's happened before, and I would hate to be a victim of it myself: === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ~ ~ ~ Pebble: E-Paper Watch for iPhone and Android ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - believers about 17 hours ago Pebble, where are my 3 other watches ?? - Rudolf Momjian Pettersen 2 days ago 3 Weeks since I informed you guys that my Pebble lost it's middle button. I have yet to receive an email explaining how you will fix this problem. I'm starting to get seriously irritated here. - gryphonent 3 days ago Where's my red Pebble? Orange and grey are shipping now? I'm still waiting for red!!! ~ ~ ~ Crypteks USB™ - Inspired Design meets Ultra-Security ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - Dave Fredericks about 3 hours ago <url>~ ~ ~ Mycestro™, The Next Generation 3D Mouse ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ <url>~ ~ ~ - Gregory Chase about 3 hours ago Have to agree with Yagami, Nick signed in on May 31st, and really needs to post an update - even if it is not a thorough one. - Yagami Kira 3 days ago "Honestly, I'm kinda pissed on the lack of communication." Well I said this on May 1st and I'm pretty much thinking the same thing again now... - Yagami Kira on May 1 Honestly, I'm kinda pissed on the lack of communication. Please don't let this awesome project end up like Crypteks USB from two years ago. Hell, I'll be damned... === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === So as you can see, this isn't a personal paranoia I have. I just ask, no matter what, you stay in touch with us. Can you promise to stay in touch with us? Kindest regards, A. Kickstarter. @Courtney : Thanks, you won. @Maxime : I agree for the accessories, it sounds very cool, but I'm not sure that a vibrator would be comfortable on the head, and I also don't think it will help to stay focused with a vibrating headband :s Maybe some HUGE app improvements (but YOU [Melon] have to find them) can be cool too ? What does become the partenaria with AGENT ? Any news ? What about other stretch goal ? maybe some accessories ? A base to charge it ? A better battery ? I think a vibrator shoulb be very cool. It will advert you when you've got a notification of the app.. Is Melon going to support old device like iphone 4? Since iphone 4 doesn't support Bluetooth 4.0 LE. I have a suggestion for those who got the engraved headband and are gamers. Engrave it to say +1 FOCUS. You're all welcome. @Jeff : Then I think Arduino is what you're looking for (But I can't affirm it, need Melon confirmation :) ). Hi I love the idea of a consumer level EEG reader! I study psychology and this gave me so many ideas for practical real world experimentation! I was wondering if the developer kit would allow for connection to another device? Essentially I had a simple idea of a vibrating bracelet every time your focus dipped? @Melon: Can't wait to see what you'll find us ! What about disco lights all around the headbands ?(haha jk :p ). Heart rate already well covered by Polar etc, so it can be combined in the app. So yes you will need multiple sensors. I've had already ask at the start of the campain, and they said it was no possible .. :-/ I 've talked about stress infos that can give etc.. But they said it wasn't possible. @yoni I agree heart rate/HRV would be an amazing addition . I dream of combining it with eye tracker and breathing distension portable instruments to have a full-on portable psychophysiology lab with incredible possibilities . This is getting exciting :-) !! @Yoni great idea! With Zeo closing down <url>#, and either Bluetooth SPP or Bluetooth LE. How can we help? Our direct e-mail contact info is on the bottom of our website. Now, back to all things Melon. [Sneaking out, quietly and respectfully, thinking about deep focus.] I'm agree with CK, I'm backer of this project too, I think if you do what you need to work with AGENT, it would be fuc*** awesome !! It will be cool if melon can work with Agent smartwatch which is another kickstarter project, then I can monitor it via my watch instead of phone. @Melon , my pleasure, I got back to coding because of / thanks to you :p I really want to help myself and people like me (ADHD Adults) and I think it can be great (and I also want to unlock my door with the Force >> Melon + Arduino) :p I have a question, will the programme have a switch between the alpha rhythm, beta and e.t.c. so you will see how you going in that particular rhythm and so you can improve and achieve what you want, like, to be awake, but your EEG would show that you are sleeping. Totally agree with Maxime Marical, Heart Beat Sensor would be more appropriate than accelerometer :) Is there a way to make this product compatible with other biosensors? Namely the wristbands (Samsung's S Band, Fitbit, etc) that are available on the market? I have no problem purchasing multiple items, but if I can give a large sum of money once and have multiple sensors and information all within one product, that'd be awesome. I am thrilled with what you guys are doing, and think you have really found a strong hold in a niche market. I'd also look into government contracts if I were you; I already talked to my boss about this product and he can see a potential in the Polygraph/Security community for something like this. Keep it up guys, and I can't wait for the product!! I think a detector to calculate the heart rate should be fine !! It will help to detect stress or other factors.... Love this project, the product, and where YOUR Melons are at ;-) I've already backed the project for one of the custom headband levels, although would love to make another few pledges to get more headbands for my girlfriend and as gifts for some friends who I know would seriously appreciate and use the product on a regular basis. How do I go about putting in multiple pledges to acquire multiple headbands? Thank you! Very excited and looking forward to some hands-on time with a Melon headband! I also have a question about the up to 7 characters we can have on the premium badge, can those be kanji/hiragana/katakana? Thank you. For the black color version, do you have other color stripe instead of yellow? Super excited for this project. Any more info on the battery? You stated it can run for 8 hours before charging. How many charges will the battery support? How long will it take to charge? I just had a thought for more stretch goals. How about sensors to pickup your surroundings? I'm thinking temperature, background noise, and humidity. Then developers could program an app where you could track your focus level in different temperatures, humidity levels, and perhaps even background white noise. This would be great for students as they could use the app to figure out the various physical inputs they need to achieve maximum focus and simply adjust the thermostat, humidifier, or white noise app. The temperature sensor may be an issue though due to body heat interfering it with it. Placing it on the outer side of the headband may fix that problem though. I have been waiting for project like this for soooooo long! I love the idea, design and simplicity of the application! You ARE creating a product that I believe will change the perception of how we interact with devices while understanding ourselves! With open SDK and maybe interaction with other devices (smartthings, ube, wemo, ifttt,...), your project could change user interaction, behavior and bring home automation to a whole new level! Think about coffee and there :D it's already brewing :D Thank you and I wish you all the best! Do you have plans for a second stretch goal? We are most certainly going to reach the 200k level soon. Kicktraq has you trending towards 600k. Clearly you've created a good product that has a lot of demand. This project will do well! 23 days to go and already 50% above the goal? i suspect this will reach into millions since there's a lot of propaganda in the tech sites about this! Even myself only found about this on a gadget site then rushed here to secure my one... This is an amazing product :) I hope yall will be able to meet the demand! This is a great idea, how much can it help me with focusing during exam revision? also will the android app be released in november too? Congratulations for melon, a great idea. I'm anesthesiologist and I'm very excited about be a backer of this project, there're some products for monitoring awareness during anesthesia (BIS, Entropy..) but not so inexpensive and portable, the mobile interface make the project still more interesting in my ambience and share the SDK to the community will do it bigger and better for sure. Thanks for your generosity. Hello, If I want 2 of these at the $99 pledge level do I just choose that and double the pledge? I'm also international, so do I add $15 or $30 for shipping them both? I am very happy to see this product making its way to market. I have suffered with epilepsy for nearly a decade, something that has been incredibly inconvenient at times, especially when I am unsure whether something is coming on or not so that I can take my medications or get to a safe place. For what it is worth, I am also a software developer with extensive experience in signal processing for audio using DSPs and OpenCL. If there is anything that I could do to help with this project, I would love to do whatever I can. Thank you so much for this. TekSpree is proud to support this innovative head band! Perhaps a his-and-hers version would be possible that lights up when a spouse is no longer paying proper attention :) Congratulations, and good luck with your project! Do you think this could identify REM sleep? In that case you might want to add a buzzer that could be programmed to wake you up right after a REM sleep phase for the best chance of (lucid) dream recall. I am a special educator at a high school. I am extremely interested in potential applications in education with students who have specific learning disabilities (SLD) or who have been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD. I've looked through the research on the NeuroSky site. I would be interested in creating/running a controlled study to examine if the Melon is effective in assisting teenagers who have been diagnosed with SLD to increase their ability to focus when studying academic tasks/information. Love the hardware bit, but have you looked at software APIs and approached app developers to make awesome software for this? Ideas: music selection based on brain state, games that slow down when you get too stressed or offer easier puzzles when you're worked up. A Nike+ like app to race against friends in who can relax the longest... Looks like an awesome product guys. Congrats to all of you for reaching your goal so quickly. I am excited to learn more about the possible inclusion of an accelerometer in the headset. I can see a lot of use cases in fitness/health related activities. How many axis does the accelerometer support. Are you guys using something like the VectorNav VN-100 chip? What about an spatial orientation sensor ? I just love the fact that the Goal is already met, are you going to do your best to ship by November? A lot of other kickstarter projects has been poorly executed interms of shipping. Not sure how far down the production line and testing you are, but november is soon. Just pledged and I'm super exited about the head band already, nice to see that the SDK & Hardware will be available sooner so that we can start hacking. And With my pledge, I give live to Melon !! Welcome in real life !! :-) The backer 979# ;-D P.D : Any info about a hardbox to care it ? 100% reached in less than 60 hours! Congratulations to the Melon team and to ourselves, the backers :-) ! I'm looking forward to all the exciting developments made possible by these headbands. Will the SDK and Hardware Hacking Documentation be available before November? very intrigued by this project as well. I'm curious to be able to use this during high intensity exercise and hope that it'll be slim enough to fit under helmets, and possibly sweat/moisture resistant enough not to fail as well. Good luck. how many sensors have? the technology is the same NeuroSky? @Imran The Melon uses the NeuroSky processing chip and same type of electrodes. You can read academic research using that here: <url>"If a fitted baseball cap between size 'A' and 'B' fits you, then this size is for you)? I don't want to ask for a small when I really need a medium. Is the headband adjustable in size? Or is just a one size fits all? Also are there plans to make a children sized headband? I wonder if it would help autistic children and their parents with understanding how they/their kids are focusing during small tasks, while doing homework or attending classes at school. This looks so cool! I can't wait to get mine and start tweaking it! Will the app be released for both IOS and Android at the same time? I'm thinking about changing my phone and this will be critical on my decision. What is the song you guys use in the video? It would be interesting to see the difference in focus in people who use various nootropics/focus drugs. So excited for my Melon! @Melon - I'm curious about the accuracy of the sensor without the use of gel, etc like most other EEG devices require. This is possibly one of the coolest things I've seen in a long time! How fascinating to be able to track and measure your focus so you can be "in the zone" more. I just pledged my support and can't wait to see the progress! @Melon Thank you so much for your answers to my q, much appreciated and I cannot wait to get this!! Congrats on a fantastic product and all the best with your project! Love this! I can definitely see a lot of use for this type of product in the training industry. Looking forward to using this! Just pledged for a Melon for my melon. :D I wonder if this would be comfortable enough for wearing during sleep and lying down on my back/side? Would love to use it for my lucid dreaming hacking projects etc..