If you’re the type who loves crazy slang definitions and finds humor in mature content games [...], you’d find Mobscenity to be fun and pretty damn hilarious. - 2nd Opinion Productions $7,000 - Drinking Games: We will send everyone drinking game rules that will add 6 variations to the game. We will include non-alcoholic drink options so everyone can play! $8,000 - eBook: We will provide everyone who ordered the game and ebook with 500+ definitions created from the game cards. $10,000 - Bigger Deck: We will increase the number of cards in Mobscenity by 50% (162 cards total) $12,000 - Biggest Deck: We will double the number of cards in Mobscenity (216 cards total)! See our Add-Ons below!!! Mobscenity is easy to play - Every round of Mobscenity, the round's "Master" picks 2 innocent words from their hand to create a Mobscenity Phrase (Think: "The Angry Dragon," "Donkey Punch," etc.). Each player then tries to come up with the most obscene definition for the phrase and then use it in a sentence. The Master picks their favorite response and the winning player gets a point. You can download the full set of rules here: Mobscenity Rules and Print and Play. Each game comes with 108 cards, a rule sheet, and a high quality game box. 108 cards is enough to play at least 10,000 unique rounds of Mobscenity! Plus, as a bonus, our Kickstarter supporters will get 36 blank Mobscenity cards so you can put your own personal touch on the game. Sure. Here are what the cards look like (we will let you imagine how they could be used): $*@&@ YEAH!!! Check out our Add-ons, including: Custom Card Game - Any Language: For $110 on top of at least the $15 reward tier, we will make you a custom 108 card version of the game using almost any word from the language of your choosing (English, German, French, Italian, Chinese, Spanish, Japanese, Portuguese, etc.). Extra Copies of Core Game: $6* each for anyone at $15 reward tier! Special Bonus!!! - F U Haiku (TM): Anyone who pledges $15 or more will get a "Print and Play" pdf version of F U Haiku by email when we ship Mobscenity in April. There will be special cards included, just for Mobscenity backers. Names and Places Special Add-On: If you contributed at the $15 reward tier, you can get the Names and Places Deck as an add-on for just $15 more. Become Immortalized: The first 108 people who contribute $30 or more will have the choice to have their name on a card in the deck (e.g., "The John Doe Card"). Extra copies of Dirty Word Deck (54 cards): $8* each for anyone at $30 reward tier. Extra copies of Names and Places Deck (108 cards): $10* each for anyone at $45 reward tier. * There are additional fees for international shipping. To do an add-on, add additional funds to your pledge (i.e. overpledge) without claiming another reward tier $7,000: We will send everyone drinking game rules for age 21+ players (this will add 6 variations to the game). $8,000: We will provide everyone who ordered the game and ebook with 500+ definitions created from the game cards. $10,000: We will increase the number of cards in Mobscenity by 50% (162 cards total) $12,000: We will double the number of cards in Mobscenity (216 cards total)! We will use the funds to print 5,000 copies of the game to sell in local game shops and online. We have also joined Kicking It Forward (<url>"The John Doe Card"). Cards are being updated and the new game (F.U. Haiku) is going through its final machinations so we can send out the print and play. Fred Hi, A few people have notified us they have experienced Backerkit issues. Here is a work-around: Please go to <url>"Names and Places" deck. Just add a comment to this update! Hi, We added the fifth game play video to the site. Plus, since we hit $3,000 we added some uncensored videos to our YouTube channel . We are getting close and are excited to go into production soon. Thank you all! We are almost at the halfway point with 12 days to go. Please tell your friends about the game (or get them to watch some funny Mobscenity videos - at least we hope you find them funny). On that front, we have a more videos coming your way and will release the next one once we hit the $4,000 mark, we will release 3 of the videos without the "bleeps" on YouTube for your amusement. I was not kidding when I said I was shocked and amazed by what came out of people's mouths. We also have a great idea from Dennis on adding drinking rules for 21+ players as a reach goal - so, at $7,000 we will do exactly that. Thank you Dennis! Please keep the ideas coming, and again, please tell your friends. Thank you for your support! Thank you to Allyson for great idea for Add-Ons! To be clear with the add-ons, people cannot order more than 10 of any item offered on this Kickstarter project, based on Kickstarter rules. (For example, no one can get more than 10 copies of the core game). That being said, we have some great inexpensive add-ons for our contributors! If you have opted in for at least the $15 reward tier (Mobscenity Player), you can add additional funds (i.e. overpledge) without claiming another reward tier and choose from the following: Additional Copies of Game : $6 for each additional copy of the core game (up to 8 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. If you have opted in for at least the $30 reward tier (Really Mobscene Person), you can add additional funds (i.e. overpledge) without claiming another reward tier and choose from the following: Additional Copies of Game: $6 for each additional copy of the core game (up to 8 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. Additional Copies of Dirty Word Deck: $8 for each additional copy of the Dirty Word Deck (up to 9 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. If you have opted in for at least the $45 reward tier (No Shame), you can add additional funds (i.e. overpledge) without claiming another reward tier and choose from the following: Additional Copies of Game: $6 for each additional copy of the core game (up to 8 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. Additional Copies of Dirty Word Deck: $8 for each additional copy of the Dirty Word Deck (up to 9 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. Additional Copies of Names and Places Deck: $10 for each additional copy of the Dirty Word Deck (up to 9 copies per person) - free US shipping; $4 for international shipping for each additional copy. We have added a limited quantity tier where you can get a copy of the final game for $6 (shipping included in US). That means if you bought the game at a higher tier you will get 2 copies of the game! Enjoy and thank you for your support! First and most importantly, I want to thank everyone who has contributed yet again as we move closer to our goal of $6,000. We are thrilled there is a place like Kickstarter on the Web where people like us can partner with gaming enthusiasts to make a dream a reality (no matter how perverse the resulting game may be). Second, we have updated the images on our Kickstarter project page so you can see our initial deck. We want you all to know that this is real and that we will produce a high quality product. We welcome any feedback! Third, I (Fred) will be attending Gamerati Game Days in Tacoma, WA in early February to introduce the game to local gamers (I imagine they will need to put us in a quiet corner). I am excited to work with Gamerati. If you are in the neighborhood, please stop by and say hello! We have just added this to our description. The first 108 people who contribute $30 or more will get to have their name on a card in the deck (e.g., "The John Doe Card"). Your attribution can be up to 20 characters and cannot put in someone else's name. However, you can still have fun with the naming (e.g., Seymour Butts). If you prefer to remain anonymous, that is fine to! We have just added another video of game play for you to enjoy and there are more coming. Thank you for supporting Mobscenity. We passed $1,000! FYI - We are preparing some new amusing videos to share with you! We are very excited to be at the $999 mark. Thank you to our backers for helping us reach this point! We are excited to make Mobscenity a reality. We came across a wonderful idea called Kicking It Forward ( KickingItForward.org ) where participants agree to contribute 5% of their finished product profits back into other Kickstarter projects. We have decided to join this effort in the hopes of seeing many dreams funded by Kickstarter as possible. Thought the blank decks had all been accounted for. I will fix the issue immediately! Hi, For those of you who have played the game, post how it went! Fred Hi, Blasts are justly deserved. I did comments to stop posting until had news on shipping. 30 packages went out this morning and another 30 to 50 to go out tomorrow morning. All sent via priority mail. I have certainly made mistakes along the way and will keep trying to learn from them. Thank you for support and patience. We fully expect to have games out before the end of the summer! Hi, Unfortunately, the we will not make the May ETA. In order to make sure you all get the best quality decks, AdMagic (the same company used by Cards Against Humanity) is manufacturing the cards. We have reviewed all the proofs and and will post updates as we get closer to receiving the final manufactured decks - They will look great. The whole process has been harder than we expected, and we are thankful we have a partner like AdMagic to guide us through the process. We apologize for the delays and appreciate your patience. Fred We apologize for the confusing message. If you pledge at the $15 reward tier, you will get two copies of the final basic game deck (108 cards in each deck). Thank you for making this happen! We can't wait to get you all the game so you can start playing. Thank you for your comment, Michael! Here is a reddit link: <url>"Name & Places" deck. When I open it...its just another copy of the original game. Just wondering if anyone else had this? I am excited to play this game this weekend nonetheless. Got it! Thanks! Just got mine in the mail - awesome job! Had an idea for an add-on - a bigger box for all the cards :D Anyway, thanks! Will there be a shipment notification/tracking number sent out for these? Just got my decks in the mail today! Everything looks great! The cards are of nice quality and the packaging ensured they arrived undamaged. Can't wait to play! Woohoo! Very excited to see that the decks are being shipped! You know.... It's kinda his obligation to hit his backers up, esp if he wants money for future projects You know... have you guys actually bothered to CONTACT Fred himself? I just got an e-mail from him in regards to the game and he's packing them up for shipping. Re: Cards Against Humanity It's kinda funny you mentioned this bc Max Temkin (the face of CAH and project creator here) did Werewolf and it took him six to eight months and more past the promised delivery date for many people to deliver a handful of cards to us backers. Even as he showed the cards off as freebies in Cons. Though he claimed those were prototypes. "We fully expect to have games out before the end of the summer!" In all fairness they was not a year mentioned ! I guess so, maybe this becomes a question in Cards against Humanity. Oh Oh took the money and run !!! So did we get ripped off? Are we going to start a pool on here for when they either leave another update or we actually get the game? Im betting December on actually getting a game I'm losing faith, in hindsight it seemed like giving away two game copies for 15$, then adding a third after the lateness, was a bit too good to be true. :( Probably better off asking Admagic if they know anything about the status on this one... This is getting ridiculous. Another project with piss-poor communication from the creator. 1. Funded successfully - 7 months ago. 2. Estimated delivery - 4 months ago. We know it's an estimate. 2. Last Update - 2 months ago. 3. Creator signed in 3 weeks ago and no new update posted. Any update at this point in time would be good. Even if it's to say the game isn't being made yet as indicated. This lack of progress updates is starting to feel like we gave the creator $6760 summer bonus. this is my first kickstarter i pledged to... kinda making me not want to pledge to any others :( Hmmmm the creator last logged in 3 weeks ago... I'm starting to not get a warm and fuzzy feeling about this one. :_( Any updates? C'mon update? Seems like this has disappeared into the ether. Has anyone received anything? Any update on a timeline? It's been over a month since the last update and the end of the summer is fast approaching. Can't wait to get my hands on my game! SUPER EXCITED! Ad Magic is so excited to be in production of Mobscenity! Here is the latest update from the plant "We will send samples to you prior to shipping the whole thing for client approval. Samples could be sent out in about 2 weeks, and wait for your approval,then the delivery date will be about another around 25 days once you send the approval on the samples to us" Personally I cannot wait to play. Shari I'm thankful for an update and hope we'll see them by the end of Summer.... No updates since May 18th, so my guess ETA is shot Hi Fred - how are things looking as far as the ETA? Same as Brad, been awhile:) How are things looking? Still going to make the estimated April delivery? Funds arrived today, just fixed my payment, sorry for the delay... You rock!! I'm a deadbeat backer!! I promise to send the funds, but amazon has frozen my funding for 16 days!! Trying to get money somehow to send you my pledge! Bare with me , please! Raised my amount to spread the joy! Ahhh Cool! Does backing at 15 and up level mean you get two basic Mobscenity decks? The 6$ level confuses things on the last line when it says "Yes you get this..."). Kinda thinking of raising my pledge.. Congrats on the successful funding! I saw it was just short and after I watched the videos it looked fun and hilarious so I backed it and managed to push it into the funded range. I can't wait to play this game. WOO HOO!! $6000! Funded! I stumbled across this by chance (and backed it). Have you posted to the r/boardgames forum on Reddit? If not, perhaps a last minute advertisement push could bring in a handful of new backers =) To be fair to backers wanting a $7k stretch but are not of drinking age (for their local region), you could still include the rules, just add Mobscenity approved non-alcoholic beverages. (Non alcoholic drinks with creative Mobscenity inspired names. Check drinksmixer.com/cat/8/1/ drinksmixer.com/cat/8/1/ for inspiration.) I saw this purely by chance... it would be pretty amusing to play this game. Damn I hope this makes it, it looks hilarious from the video. If it doesn't make it this time give it a few months and try again, this needs to be made a reality! You need a cheap stretch goal for 21+ drinking rules! I have to admit I did not watch the ?$#*@%! video before I backed. PLEASE WATCH IT it is so funny and really gives you an idea of how fun this game will be! Sounds like a s&!+ load of fun! A fantastic ice breaker. Adult fun with no weird silicone or leather things hanging around. Great idea for a game, I definitely expect this to pick up and become popular. You have my support! Never seen a game like this before! Sounds like it could be fun!