Update August 30th: If we hit $75,000 in pledges, we'll replace the regular LED with a controllable RGB LED. In addition to normal status like network connected, print waiting, et cetera, mPrints will be able to set the RGB color. What is it? The mPrinter is a small, portable thermal printer that prints dynamic snippets of data we call mPrints. mPrints can be simple text, HTML, images, or best of all, fully dynamic data created from a custom hosted Javascript environment on our website. By utilizing Javascript, the programming language of the web, we are able to breath new life into printing useful information. Nearly anything you can do in a web browser, you can do in an mPrint. Possibilities include pulling data from a database, using remote APIs such as Facebook, Twitter, or Flickr, and parsing data in realtime. If Javascript isn't your forte, we have multiple other ways to print. Our website has a "Quick Print" function with a full WYSWIG editor (think Microsoft Word), that lets you instantly print anything from fully formatted mPrints to simple one-liners. We have an iOS application for iPhone, iPods, and iPads that allows you to utilize the quick print functionality, mange your mPrints, and has a fun "doodle" feature. Update: We've had a lot of inquires about an Android version. Based on popular demand, we now plan to have an Android version available at launch. The mPrinter iPhone application We plan to have browser plugins for site scraping, dashboard widgets, and more. We are going to make the schematics, board layouts, and firmware open source. How does it work? USB-only mPrinters connect to your computer (Mac and Windows at launch) via USB. WiFi mPrinters contain a small built-in web server and connect to your network (or adhoc device) via WiFi. You can configure your WiFi mPrinter via its web interface, or USB. All mPrinter models have built-in charging circuitry and a battery compartment for an optional LiPo battery, which will be available for purchase separately after we have evaluated suppliers. Currently, we are utilizing 2" wide print heads. If we hit $20,000 or more in funding, we will automatically upgrade all orders and models to an extra-wide 3" print head. For dynamic mPrints, we utilize a sandboxed Node.js environment. If you enable outside interaction, each mPrint is assigned a URL that may be used by outside services to interface with the mPrint. You can make mPrints private, or share them with the community. You can hide the source code, or make it available to others. Various sample mPrints We have developed prototypes based on Arduino, bare Atmel AVRs, and Microchip PIC32 and PIC24F microcontrollers. The WiFi module is made by Microchip. We are going to evaluate community feedback prior to making the final platform choice. We have tested off-the-shelf serial print heads, as well as sourced samples from possible large-quantity suppliers in China. How and where will it be made? The thermal print head, parts of the control board, and the circuit board will be provided by the same suppliers in China that we have gotten prototype parts from. Currently, we plan to use a local Dallas-based USA supplier for the injection molded cases. All electronics components will be sourced from a US-based distributor, with parts made in a variety of countries including the US and China. Portability We are making the mPrinter as small as possible, while still holding a reasonable amount of paper. Our print heads were specifically selected for their voltage and current specifications in order to allow for battery power. As noted above, all mPrinters will include charging circuitry and a battery compartment for an optional LiPo battery. Combined with an adhoc network, battery power would allow you to use your mPrinter with a device such as an iPhone nearly anywhere. A thermal printer? Don't those print receipts? Indeed they do. However, the underlying hardware is much more capable than just printing out a few numbers. The printhead we are using in the mPrinter has over 200 dpi, a resolution that gives crisp, clear text and the possibility of halftone black-and-white graphics. Our website lets you easily create and share mPrints Who's making it? My name is Andy Muldowney. I'm a technology veteran with a wide range of experience - including hardware design, web programming, and iOS development. I enjoy projects that encompass a wide range of my skills, and this certainly fits the bill. I currently serve as the CTO of a large VoIP company where I have led development of applications for mobile, web, and desktop platforms in use by over 4,000,000 people across the globe. How far along are you? Several prototypes have been made and are functioning. The website is largely complete. The bulk of our timeline involves sourcing components, manufacturing the circuit boards, and getting the custom cases made. One of the mPrinter prototypes Will the mPrinter work with...? In theory, the mPrinter can be made to work with nearly anything. We are actively seeking specific launch partners and are open to any suggestions. If you think your product or service could benefit from the mPrinter, please contact us for deep integration possibilities. After a long road and lots of hurdles, I regret to inform everyone that we will be unable to complete fulfillment of the mPrinter project. After both your generous support and a large financial investment of my own, it's simply no longer possible to complete shipments to backers. I truly appreciate everyones support over the last few years. I would first like to apologize for the slow speed and lack of updates regarding finalizing mPrinter Kickstarter pledge fulfillment. After a series of legal, manufacturing, and other delays, we are immediately resuming shipments to fulfill all remaining pledges. We will be utilizing Amazon Fulfillment Services to handle shipments. International users may experience an additional delay as we ship units to overseas Amazon fulfillment centers and they clear customs. Users who additionally ordered the battery option may receive the upgrade as a separate, user-installable kit via a second shipment. In the near future, backers with unfulfilled pledges will receive a request to verify your shipping address. The first wave of shipments will go out as early as next week. We are awaiting some additional parts to arrive (AC adapters, batteries, and print heads) prior to shipping subsequent waves, which may be affected by the Chinese New Year on February 19th. As additional shipment waves occur, we will provide more updates. As noted in the last update, we are transitioning from making the circuit boards in-house, to using a third-party circuit board assembly company. We just received the first batch of 150 completed units. These printers will be going out over the next three weeks. We have another 400 units, enough to fulfill all remaining pledges and have excess inventory available, scheduled for delivery the second week of January. Currently, our estimates put our timeline for completing shipments to all backers some time in February. Please watch your email for up for shipping updates to confirm your pledge and shipment details. As always, thanks for supporting the project and we look forward to everyone having mPrinters in their hands. I wanted to take some time to give a more in depth explanation of our current shipping delays, outline our plan of action to address this, and provide some additional background information on the project. As a quick summary of this full update, I am bringing on an outside manufacturer to speed up production and dramatically increase delivery speed. If you'd like more specifics, please keep reading. Why is this taking so long? When I originally started this project, I was hoping to make 100 units with the help of friends and family. After doing the math and determining we could make 20-25 units a week, we could have fulfilled our backer pledges in just 4 weeks. At that quantity, production and assembly could be completed without any outside manufacturing, helping to keep costs down and allow us to add a lot of great features (for example, we upgraded the print head from 2.5" to 3.5"). As it became clear the project would do well over the original 100 units, I thought that with refinements in our process we could decrease assembly speed per unit to a reasonable time, and keep all assembly in-house. Ultimately, with over 700 units, that same assembly speed that we originally calculated would result in a total production time of nearly 28 weeks. Despite my best efforts (and many 16-18 hour work days), it's clearly evident that we need to make some immediate revisions to our manufacturing. In addition to the slow assembly, as outlined in other updates, there were a number of delays in the design and parts procurement process. Most notably, getting the injection molds made took significantly longer than we were told by our vendor. The import process for the cases and other parts from China also took much longer than we had allocated in our production timeline, delaying many other steps of the process. As previously noted in updates, the good news is that we have all the parts, cases, etc. and the last remaining hurdle is simply one of time. Increasing shipments in the immediate future Each unit is assembled and tested in-house, by hand. In the past several months of assembly, we have streamlined portions of this process which has increased assembly speed, but we are still limited by the number of circuit boards we can produce each week. Quite simply, we're unable to reach the internal goals we've set for production speed. To immediately increase production speed, I am putting additional funds of my own into the project and we are contracting with a manufacturer to have all circuit boards assembled and delivered to us ready to drop into cases. This will allow us to dramatically increase our shipping speed and complete fulfillment more quickly. The timeline for the third-party assembly house to complete all board production is 4 weeks. Once we have received the completed circuit boards, we will be able to provide an updated shipping timeline. In the interim, we will continue shipping as many units per week as we can produce in house and prepare what we can to expedite larger shipments once we receive the full circuit board order. To give some insight into some of the hurdles we've experienced and as one example of optimizing the assembly process, I'll refer to one of the components in each printer: a wiring harness that connects the button board to the primary control board. We were making this custom cable assembly by hand. After further exploration, we found a company that could make the wiring harnesses for us at a cost only slightly more than we were spending on just the raw materials alone. Despite my wife becoming an expert at crimping connectors and stripping wires, considering time investment, it was an obvious decision to simply have the wiring harnesses made. As another example, we are moving the LED light ring to a process which uses surface mount parts that can be assembled by a machine, instead of traditional through-hole LEDs which each have to be soldered by hand. What has the money been spent on? Early on, I made a decision to spend more than we raised in order to create a product that could be sold beyond just Kickstarter. As you can see in the amounts below, even with the amount raised, I have not personally profited at all, and am fully invested in mPrinter from both a time and monetary perspective. Below is a quick breakdown of just some of the major costs. This is by no means a comprehensive list, and doesn't include dozens of smaller line items. Funds raised Total pledged: $88,018 Actual amount received after fees/non-billable backers: Approximately $74,000 Case design and manufacturing 3D-printed prototype units: $2,800 Case mold design: $5,200 Injection mold manufacturing: $16,000 Cases: $2,640 Components and parts Circuit boards: $1,400 WiFi radios: $7,500 Print heads: $12,410 Other component parts (micro controllers, LEDs, etc.): $13,870 Wiring: $120 Shipping and packaging Boxes and packing materials: $1,460 Shipping: $10,000 Tools and testing Screws: $140 Assembly tools: $450 Test and programming jigs: $300 Pick and place machine: $4,400 Solder: $300 Misc. Web hosting and servers: $2,790 Corporate registration and fees: $400 Import, customs bonds, and logistics fees: $3,000 Summary I understand your frustrations with our fulfillment problems, and I am confident that our changes will allow us to successfully deliver all remaining backer pledges quickly and efficiently. I apologize for the lack of recent updates - I've had my head down trying to find a balance of working full time to push all units out the door while maintaining some level of sanity, and supporting my family. If you have any direct concerns or questions, I setup a mailbox specifically for backers. Please email <email>, and I'd be happy to discuss any questions or concerns you might have directly and individually with you. I will keep all backers up to date on the delivery timeline for the parts that we are having manufactured, along with more detailed estimates of shipping volume as that date approaches. I'm working very hard to get everyones mPrinter unit in hand as soon as possible, so you can see what your pledge and patience have created. We will be starting shipments to backers assigned to "Group A" on Wednesday. We will send an email 48 hours prior shipment so you can update shipping information if necessary, after which you will receive an automated email when your shipping label is generated. As a reminder, Group A backers consist of early contributors and users who participated in website development and bug reporting. Shipping estimates and group assignments for other users will be made as Group A shipments are made and we get a handle on how many we are shipping each week. You can check your shipping address and status at <url>"day" and "business day" is. After some discussion, they have told us they will have the samples available sometime next week. That puts our scheduled delivery of the end of this month off by up to two weeks. I sincerely apologize for the delays, and we are doing everything possible to get units out the door as soon as we can. To make up for that delay, we are investigating the viability and cost difference of air shipping the cases instead of shipping them by sea. When the cases do arrive, the other components are ready for the final assembly and we will begin shipping out units within 1-2 days. Injection Molds Despite the slight delay, the molds are looking good. They have moved onto the polishing and final assembly to prepare them for molding. Attached is a sample photo of one-half of the light ring mold in progress last week. Battery Availability We received the final battery samples and are now offering them for sale. The battery pack offers over 50 hours of standby time, and power for approximately 1,000 prints (depending on the print content). It can be charged via the AC adapter included with your printer. The upgrade includes both the battery and the charging circuitry. Currently, you must order this with your printer. We are not offering it as an add-on at this time. Add a battery to your mPrinter by visiting the store and make sure to enter coupon code "KICKSTARTER" for free shipping and to include the battery in your main shipment. Please note: We cannot ship batteries via the US Postal Service. If you are a non-US customer, please contact us directly and we will provide the shipping price difference to upgrade to FedEx or DHL shipping. Print Speed After making some firmware optimizations, we've significantly increased both the downloading and printing time of content. A video showing the new print speed is attached. AC Adapter Survey Later today, a survey will be going out for all backers to select the type of AC adapter they would like. If we don't receive a response by April 19th, you will receive a US adapter. These are switch-mode power supplies, so they will work on 110-240V, only the physical tip differs. Website and Support As always, if you have any questions please feel free to contact us. You are welcome to signup, browse, and generate content on our beta website at <url>"Support Chat" section where you can chat with us live. Greetings everyone! First, a quick update. Production of the various components continues and is on track for shipping towards the end of April, as noted in previous updates. We are working hard to have an exact price on the optional battery upgrade, which we should have next week. One obstacle to overcome is international shipping of LiPo batteries. The US Postal Service, by far the most cost effective option, does not legally allow shipping of products containing LiPo battery packs. We are assessing a few options and will have more information soon. Miss out on backing mPrinter or want another printer? Pre-orders or additional printers available! If you were unable to be part of of the Kickstarter project, or would simply like to order an additional printer in the first production run, you may do so at the mPrinter Store . If you had previously contacted us about an additional printer at a specific pledge amount, please contact us directly. Beta website access In case you missed it, the website to make and preview mPrints is live and kicking. Although still in beta, we have lots of of our samples as well as other users making content. The beta is now open to anyone - you can sign up at <url>"Quick Print" function that allows you to simply enter text and content, and a web browser plugin. Regardless of your programming knowledge, you can generate content. The mPrints in this video along with many others will be available at launch. The video is a bit long, so if you want to just see the printing in action fast forward to the 8:25 or 14:20 marks. I wanted to give everyone a mini update before we post a full video update next week. We've had two primary focuses the past couple of weeks: one, work on print quality and firmware, and two, get the injection mold models ready for manufacturing and ordered. That leads to our first major topic... Chinese New Year Going into this project involved a lot of firsts. One of those was large scale manufacturing involving injection molding. Our selected supplier is located in China. In China, the biggest holiday of the year is Chinese New Year, which happens to start February 10th this year. Most factories give their workers the week off for celebration, as well as a week before and a week after for travel. Essentially, everything in China shuts down for 3-4 weeks. That said, our timeline has been affected. By current estimates, we will have our cases back mid-March. Add in two weeks to finalize assembly here in the US and we'll be shipping at the end of March. Luckily, the majority of our other suppliers are in the US and this will not affect the surface mount assembly or other supply chain. When we get the cases, everything else will literally be ready to screw together, program, and ship out. Print Quality The mPrinter uses a thermal print head to print on the 3" paper. At its heart, our print head is very basic - it has 576 very small heating elements that burn a black dot on the paper when you apply electricity to it. However, every single line of text or imagery has a different number of dots required. Additionally, if you've been printing a lot or printed a line with a lot of dots immediately prior to the current line, your print head is already quite hot. All of this leads up to the need for an algorithm to determine burn time - or how long you apply electricity to each row of printed material for it to look consisted and crisp. We spent a lot of time getting this right, and I think our print quality really shines. Our ARM CPU running the print head is working fantastic, and now we're focused on speeding up prints with RAM caching and other optimizations. As you can see in the photo below, all of this effort has resulted in some great things - such as the ability to print small QR codes within your mPrints. Video Update We're going to film a video update of live prints, code samples, and more over the weekend and put it up early next week. Stay tuned for a lot more information and detailed progress information! First of all, happy new year! Things are progressing well. If you haven't been following our blog, I recommend checking it out as I try to frequently post in depth and more technical updates there. You can see it at <url>“step lines” from the printing process. Finishing the parts to see what the final model would look like involved a lot of sanding, priming, and painting. The light ring was wet-sanded to 2000-grit, then sprayed with a gloss polyurethane. The other parts were sanded to 800-grit, then sprayed with black paint and matte lacquer. We’re still playing with the light ring a little bit to improve light transmission. We have 4 LEDs in there now, with room for up to 9. On the production version, the light ring will be a smoke colored polycarbonate to blend in better with the rest of the black case. Also, the case will be made of black ABS as opposed to painted. The colors and types of resins for SLA printing are limited. It’s very exciting to see the 3D model in a physical form. We have some minor model revisions that need to be made, and we’ll be test-fitting the rest of the electrical and mechanical components this week. After the changes are made, we’ll order the parts that require updates again – then have the steel injection molds made for mass production. You can view hi-res pictures at our blog at <url>"MPRINTER", to which you can connect and configure the device. You can leave it in ad-hoc mode, or connect it to an existing network. We plan to also create a setup wizard that works over USB to perform these same functions. Moving forward As soon as we have the prototype cases ready, we'll have another update with more photos. Everything is on track for the initial timelines, and we're doing everything we can to beat them. Again, apologies if anyones messages were ignored or missed - we will be as proactive as possible with backer interaction and feedback moving forward. -Andy Hi everyone. It's been two weeks since we completed funding. I wanted to give a quick update on some progress we've made. Feature tweaks We've had a lot of requests for an auto-cutting head. We just received some sample units, and are testing them now. In regards to the actual printing aspect of the new heads, they are identical to the current ones so very little change is required. We are testing partial and full cut heads. The downside to the auto-cutting heads is they are considerably more expensive. We plan to offer the auto-cutter as an additional model, and if there is enough interest also offer an upgrade to existing backers. Please give us some feedback if this is a feature that you'd use. Case design A CAD designer and industrial designer have been working on the case now for about a month. We've had a lot of back and forth, and are ready to get the first test cases 3D printed this week for a fully functional prototype. Once the designer has time to finish his magic and make aesthetic revisions, we'll get some renders up for feedback from everyone. Electrical design The electrical design is in it's final stages. We've made several revisions, and are having final professional boards made for the test units now. As briefly mentioned before, the final design uses a PIC 24F as the primary MCU, a small ARM Cortex M0 to drive the print head, and has other features such as an onboard stepper controller for the print head, the WiFi module, etc. Board manufacturing For the first run, we are trying to keep the board manufacturing local in Dallas. I've meet with two possible firms and are confident either one could handle the job. Finding a location that lets us take photos and show how the process works is a priority. Website Our website has taken a bit longer than expected to get live. We should have something basic up by the end of this week. Additionally, our blog will be live and I'll start posting lots of photos. Order changes A lot of international customers have asked how to add $20 for shipping they forgot. Rest assured there will be a way to fix it. Amazon Payments seems to block international payments directly to our account, so we're trying to find an alternative method to let you pay the difference. We'll have another update at the beginning of next week with much more information, and hopefully our blog will be live by then so you can track things as they happen. We appreciate your support! First, I'd like to thank everyone for their support. Next, we finally have some sample photos of printed labels. We have not yet finalized the formats that will be available, but it is possible to print labels with the mPrinter. A few samples are below. We'll have another update once our blog is live and we'll be posting updates here throughout the development and manufacturing cycle. Thanks for your support! We've setup a few sample triggered mPrints: Every time there's a new backer, a "receipt" is printed with a summary and your username You can SMS your message to +1 (415) 523-8888 and we'll print it Send us a Tweet to @themprinter, or tag your Tweets #mprinter or #themprinter and we'll print it It takes a second for the camera to snap the photo and upload it, so be patient. It's usually 1-2 minutes. You can view the live feed at <url>"light ring" around the case, or in the area of the button. In addition to standard indication like network connectivity and print queue status, you'll be able to set a custom color from Javascript mPrints. We are working on getting our blog up and will provide the URL as soon as it's ready. Please keep the great feedback coming. Your support is truly appreciated. I wanted to take a minute and thank everyone for their support so far. We just broke $20,000 in pledges in less than 72 hours! We're currently in rapid development mode, and will have more updates in the very near future. Some of the top questions we plan to address include BPA-free paper and printable labels. We're also working hard on more real-world usage examples. Thanks again! @Stelios - I understand your frustration. Incidentally, I made a mistake. As of November last year, the US Postal Service does in fact allow shipping of Lithium Polymer batteries internationally if they are installed in a product. That should reduce the price difference for most customers to $10 or less. I will be posting an update about this shortly. @Koen - Either one is fine. @JYQ - Please send me a message and we'll sort it out for you. @Daniel - If you aren't in the US, you need to pay the shipping difference. Please send me a direct message and we can get it sorted out. @Thaan - You can do this now. You can enable remote access on an mPrint and setup external handlers of any type you'd like. There is also a key/value store that you can use to save data. There are a few updates in the works to make it a little smoother and more obvious on how to achieve this, but I'd be glad to walk you through it if you'd like. After logging into the website, click on the "Support Chat" link and there is a live chat room. @Thaan - In mm, the paper is 80mm wide with a max diameter of 50mm. Sometimes it's called 119', but you have to check the max diameter because sometimes there is a large core. @Jose - We've played with two ideas. One is assigning each mPrint an email address you can email to, which will trigger a callback in your print and you can do whatever you want from there. The other is allowing you to receive inbound SMS messages and handle them similarly. @badger - I show you getting a WiFi model. However, yes, it is the same circuit board. Along with the module, a few filtering capacitors and some resistors may be left unpopulated. Currently, the determination of whether or not a WiFi module is present is handled purely in code. Depending on how long that module has been in your drawer, be careful - the early firmware versions had some nasty bugs (i.e. the interrupt pin not working right at all). @badger - After recording video today I think I need to take that to heart! I just put up a 15 minute video that covers some of the physical aspects of the printer, as well as delving a little bit into the Javascript backend. @Alban - Sorry for the delay, still getting it together. I'll have another text/photo update up in the next couple of days and the video ASAP. The video update is coming ASAP, but in the meantime check out some new blog content: <url>" head. The electronics are working great. We had a few hiccups with the TCP/IP stack that seem sorted now. Also, I'm adding a latching pushbutton power supply switch. The single button on the top of the printer will be the on/off button, as well as an action button. The circuit to do this is relatively common, but we're adding a microcontroller so it can be used for general I/O as well. It can detect things like a long press, three quick presses, etc. I'm going to release that design an code ASAP, since I can't believe anything like that is already out there. Working on a mini update to go up later today, and hopefully a video one around this weekend with some live printing samples, code samples, and more. The 3D fab house is printing the latest revisions and told us they'd get us some behind the scenes photos of the process. As soon as we get it back, I'll make sure to do a fully detailed update! Very cool article about the project on Mashable as part of their Leaders in Design series: <url>"Network" controller in "Settings" on your phone). @matthias - Personally, I'm also a bigger fan of AVR and ARM. However, worth noting, PIC does have free tools for Linux and OSX. @sippakorn - Yes, it will support 220V. @wyko - As Max pointed out, there will be an optional battery. We'll have more specs on it once we finalize the details. Also on the to-do list with no finite ETA yet are a car adapter (for a cigarette outlet) and a neoprene belt/waist case. @markus - Currently, the design offloads control of the print head (there is a lot of I/O there) to an LPC1114 ARM. They are inexpensive, fast, and have a good development environment. The primary MCU will be an PIC24F or Atmega32u4. There is a 16 Mbit flash for print queue and general storage. @darren - No plans to make the case design "cute" :) It will be minimalist and look at place on your desk at home, in a warehouse, or a restaurant. I just got the WiFi module and other code talking nicely to an Atmega32u4. That's interesting, because it opens to possibility of making the control board Arduino compatible. I was leaning towards using a PIC24/PIC32 (what our current prototypes are using) because the Microchip TCP/IP stack is more robust, but would love to get feedback. By using an Atmega32u4, the control board could basically be an Arduino Leonardo. Assuming we can get a custom USB profile to play nice and there is enough RAM left over for the print head control, it may be a possible way to have an easy IDE (the existing Arduino one) to implement custom firmware. Thoughts? @bill - I'm aware of the Little Printer. The competition is welcome, but I think we beat it out in all categories: price, connectivity, portability, and API. The documentation I've seen on their publishing platform makes it seem like it will be somewhat closed and limited to HTML. @max - Thanks for the link. The TCP/IP stack we're using supports Zeroconf, which is part of the AirPrint magic. Even if it's not something we can get in, I think the possibility of it being supported via a firmware upgrade are pretty good. @frank and @marc - After some more research, it appears AirPrint can utilize CUPS-compatible print servers. In theory, it MAY be possible to make the mPrinter AirPrint compatible. I'm going to do some more digging. @badger - Yes, there will be a bootloader to allow firmware changes/upgrades directly over the built-in USB port. Hey guys, I'm not getting alerts on all these comments. If you have something specific to ask I generally reply to direct messages within an hour. Based on feedback, we're currently leaning toward adding a few things: 1. An RGB status LED - you will be able to set the color via the API 2. Multiple buttons (at least two) 3. An internal piezo buzzer to play basic sounds @joseph - One of the original ideas was to use capacitive touch buttons - they are inexpensive and could be programmed to do different things. @michael - Thanks for the idea. The footprint is rather large, but once the board design is finalized I'll see what room is left over. @brendon - The printer API will be open, so you can send data directly to it to print. It does not have to be from our website. The website will host the Javascript environment, so that is currently the only place those prints will arrive from (they can be triggered from anywhere). @max - Yes, the API will be available at launch. We'll put together a sample iOS project. More updates coming soon. @ptorrone et al - The original prototypes were indeed off the shelf thermal printers from Sparkfun and/or Adafruit (I have some from both and don't remember which is which). I utilized a standard Arduino, which allowed for the rapid development of prototypes and initially focusing on backend software instead of hardware. I am aware of the Go Free Range printer project, and it is some nice work. However, the backend is in Ruby - which I'm not a big fan of. Our backend system uses PHP and Node.js that handles sandboxing mPrints, queueing, etc. The prototypes didn't really use any thermal library - since they just parse the byte commands the server tells them to. After the Arduino-based prototypes, I moved on to the Microchip MRF demo board which utilizes a PIC32. The PIC32 is slightly overkill (and expensive) for our usage, so the newest prototypes use PIC24Fs. Our 2 and 3" print heads are Fujitsu clones. They have a 30-pin interface that is essentially a big shift register. We are now driving this directly, and our control board has it's own stepper driver and connects straight to the print head. Personally, I'm a bigger fan of AVRs. However, based on Microchip's TCP/IP stack maturity it really seems like we'll be going with a PIC24. If it all possible, I'm going to open it up for voting and get some community feedback. As noted in the original description, we will be releasing the firmware and hardware designs for the printer as open source. I haven't yet determined the license or where in our production timeline that will happen. I look forward to blogging about the prototyping and manufacturing process and I'd be happy to answer any more questions. @Fabio- No 4" heads - they are quite expensive. Bluetooth was initially considered, but it's expensive to add. AdHoc WiFi and/or setting up the printer as the hotspot is the current replacement for scenarios where there is no network available. A cutting head is unlikely - they more than double the cost of the mechanism and add a lot of bulk. The paper rips cleanly. @Martin - Yes, we actually process images as halftones prior to printing. There has been a lot of experimenting with different halftone patterns. I'll get some samples up. There may also be some creative things that can be done to achieve a faked grayscale in firmware. I highly doubt this will be in the first revision, it's just an idea, but by modifying the burn time of individual dots you can make some appear lighter (in reality, the dot is just smaller and "bleeds" less into the surrounding dots). Guys - thanks for all the input. The RGB LED as the status is a fantastic idea, and I have played with a buzzer for when there is a print available. Keep the ideas rolling! More updates soon - we've been doing a lot of work on the 3" print heads. Chris and Darren - We'll come up with something. This has been a popular request. Eric - yes, the API and remote trigger interface will be made fully open. Scammer Per the terms that existed prior to October 19, 2012 (<url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Per the terms that existed prior to October 19, 2012 (<url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill [sic]." Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Any new news here ? I'm still waiting on a refund. Has anyone actually got a refund yet ? Per the terms that existed prior to October 19, 2012 (<url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill [sic]." I don't know how Layer.com can employ him publicly. He works Devops there, he probably has access to ALL of their customers data, the millions of messages they process a day.. in the hands of a thief. Mind boggling, if I were Morado or Homebrew and had invested in Layer, i'd be not too happy to know a public liar and thief was one of the few people making that company tick. He's still working for Layer, Inc: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill [sic]." After this mPrinter thing, I am not backing any Kickstarter projects anymore. Though still have faith in crowdfunding. Anyway I saw the link on my tweets and it's about the collapse of the Zano drone project on Kickstarter, Check this out (and read the comments too) <url>#.9ikssaqyh What I'd love to know is what happened to the actual physical products that WERE produced. I can't imagine that the images of those boxes were doctored. Even if there were terminally faulty engineering going on, *something* was produced. At this point I'd even gladly take the (potentially) broken junk (if that's what the problem is) and try to fix up whatever wasn't working properly. The lack of open communication - and false communication - to micro-investors is what is disheartening to me. @Jay Dessi: Agreed. It's really unfortunate too. Almost 3 months and no response, so assuming that the battery refund offer wasn't genuine. Ventures fail all the time; but I think what will be judged in the long run here won't be the failure itself but the (mis)management of it. I see you'd logged in to your KS account yesterday. So I guess you've already seen my earlier messages requesting for a refund. Kindly request you to initiate a refund for my battery purchase at least. You can either Paypal it to my email or refund to CC. I can even share my Bitcoin address if you want. Let's hope this thief is next in line. Regulators have already started clamping down on crowdfunding fraud, but they're now getting those project creators to pay up when they leave backers hanging <url>"After a long road and lots of hurdles, I regret to inform everyone that we will be unable to complete fulfillment of the mPrinter project. After both your generous support and a large financial investment of my own, it's simply no longer possible to complete shipments to backers." Kickstarter's terms state that "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." There is a lot of discussion on the kickstarter page that you will find interesting. Please give this coverage, Andy Muldowney scammed people out of $88,018 and should not get away with it. <url>"protected" by Kickstarter's term. right? (even worse, he didn't even care to explain how he failed this project to his backers in the final update) I don't mind losing the money (I don't think I can get a refund, if I do I'll donate to a charity) but the way Andy handle this project is terrible. Posting this dude’s wife’s Facebook profile? Stalking him at a wedding? All because he didn’t give you a fucking printer?! You people are worse than the Westboro Baptist Church. We all made a high-risk investment and lost. Deal with it. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @ Lauren W. Interesting article, but in this case it is not long-delayed, it is fraud, lies and false statements. If you have not done so, file a complaint withe the FTC on this project <url>’s frauds and phenoms live long-delayed projects <url>… that’s a bit troubling for the creative and tech community. Bad press due to these failures/ scams is a scary thing. We need more backers reporting to the FTC for them to act. So contact FTC and let them know what happened. Please send mPrinter for all backers!!! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Any updates? FTC is cracking down on Kickstarter scams. Now if only someone can grab their attention to this project too <url>"Ship-To"? okay, some people may read it already. Anyway mPrinter was mentioned in an illustration. ZPM Espresso and the Rage of the Jilted Crowdfunder What happens when a Kickstarter project fails to launch? <url>"Crowdfunded products are gambles, especially hardware ones." At some level I had made peace before you wrote again and started making new promises!... Now you've just reminded me how angry and disappointed I was before!!! $100 - $200 bucks won't make any of us richer or poorer, it's a matter or principles and values. Shame on you for taking what's not your's. Ship Date Andy? It's sort-of, part-of the deal. I found you! Please give me mPrinter, too!! . <url>#.VRl_kCjp2Ac Been waiting 3 years nothing yet ... Still waiting. Guys I don't think it's going to get here. @Branden Wachtel Yeah no one. Anyone get theirs? Backer #45 here and no notification or printer. Thanks Andy!! I do really hope this mess follows you! @Joe H Like I said this is a damage control update. He won't ship everyone what they paid for because he is a scammer. @All I wonder when will some people wake up. Spread this everywhere! <url>"legal delays". And that's because we found out already ourselves. Funnily enough he didn't bother update us on this aaall this time. Like I mentioned before, I think this is just another damaged control update. He will sent it to just a few people to report back and say "i got mine!" but thats about it. Not all 706 of us will get anything. Also providing an update after all this time and still ignoring personal messages or the public comments section, doesn't help either. Bottomlne if he was grateful to the people that gave him money to kickstart his project and if he respected their investment, he would communicateat the very least. @Kevin Cooney Hehe...with pleasure :) @skypax, if I ever need a Priviate Investigater, I'm going to give you a call. You have some serious skills. @all, Here's a photo of a crossword mPrint: <url>"The first wave of shipments will go out as early as next week" I really doubt if we, the foreign backers will ever receive the printer. @Kevin Cooney Nope you didn't mention it here :) @David Hancock Thanks for the pro tip there (i don't really need it). I'll be damned. I tried my mPrinter on a different wifi network (tethered to my phone, actually), and it actually worked! I just printed the crossword, the weather, and directions. So it seems it just doesn't like my house's internet connection for some reason. @skypax Well, I haven't received mine yet. It might pay you to read the information on kickstarter here: <url>"ramping up shipping". Not being able to use your social accounts freely because the people you ripped off still cyber stalk you and cause you grief must suck bad I guess. So yeah please enjoy the item that you actually paid and but let us be the bad guys. I think it's good to be positive, I spent a lot of time coding some stuff for the printer and learn't a lot in the process, my printout was featured on the image of the API printouts that went out. It's good to hear some people like Kevin have recently received their printers and I think the best thing is to hope that as what Melinda said, maybe he is going to redeem himself. I track many technology projects and approximately 30% don't make the light of day. When the rest do eventuate under 10% are delivered on time. So, be respectful and considerate and let's hope it all comes to fruition! Unless many backers start reporting back that they actually got their mPrinter I have a feeling that Andy might be sending just a few random units to people (especially those that post here often) to give the impression that orders are being fulfilled. Like he did last time and only sent it to a handful of people... @Andy When do you ship my mPrinter? If there is tracking number, please let me know. btw.. in the past I made a driver for CUPS for Linux (and maybe for MAC as well, but I didn't try) if somebody interested: <url>"silent year". ok, I'll give it a try.. mprinter forum again online.. untill somebody tryies to hack it again. I hope most of the old content is there. <url>"After a series of legal, manufacturing, and other delays" why on earth (to put it mildly) did he not let us know all this time? Why didn't he come clean? He just wanted to keep the money and not anger all the backers. Right? d) Even if we all get the mPrinters at this point in time who guarantees we won't be getting an incomplete product with issues or even worse a paperweight? Is everyone willing to wait and see? The mPrinter website with the mPrints is pretty much abandoned. It's not like we can use it as a plug and play printer. I e) Why did he start selling it to third parties at the time for profit (when suposedly it wasn't yet a finished product) way before any of the people that BACKED this project and made it possible manage to get one (those few that did). Either he was lying it's wasn't ready or he just didn't give a rat's ass about the backers and only made unit to sell elsewhere. Hint: Both! e) Following all the complaints to the Attorney General that most people filed against him why didn't he come clean ummm I don't know a year ago maybe? f) Last but not least, until all 706 of us receive what we paid for some time SOON, I wouldn't hold my breath that this is not just another damage control update following the past few comments here and the fact we managed to get him sacked and ridicule him. After all, his previous update was titled "Increasing shipments" and he was mentioning that everything is "scheduled for delivery the second week of January" (2014 that is). Just a few thoughts... We are all adults and have a brain we can use. Just don't be naive! Andy didn't wake up today a changed man willing to keep his word on what he promised two and a half years ago!!! Andy it was over a year since we had any update from you. Please note that a lot of us have changed IPad and IPhone models will this printer still be compatible. I think a lot of backers are very upset at not hearing from you. I would like to see some explanation why we have't heard from you and also a conformation that this printer will still be compatible with the current new generation of iPads and IPhones. Well well, look who decided to give an update after laying low for well over a year... Funny. Here, let me make the start. <url>"Thanks for bringing this to my attention. I was not aware of it. Andy is not a full time employee of Layer, but we will investigate this as we certainly hold everyone, contractors included, to an absolute standard of character" Which is why I am saying make him famous for the scammer he is on all social platforms so he can never get a job again. Companies tend to check these things when hiring nowadays. Let the world know that Andy Muldowney is a thief and a scammer. Wake up people create some noise! Interesting, you're right. His name and photo are not on that page anymore. I'm not seeing his name on Layer's site? <url>#.VEGttIvF9Bk Complaint filed. This is a lost cause at this point. yea, I feel it the same way as Brendon. Maybe even more.. I'd say if andy makes it public, he may then maybe be able to sell all the parts and pieces he has at home to somebody else that may be willing to assemle it himself. If I do have some money for starting bussines, I'd say I'll try to buy it from him. In lieu of garnering money, I may be a minority, but I'd even be happy with all of the plans and code being publicly released so that someone might be able to take up/over the project. In that respect, the funding for the project could theoretically live on, and we as backers, although perhaps not getting what we had hoped, had still kickstarted the beginning efforts of a project that we believed in. Can someone reach out to a few dallas, texas newspapers?? that would likely garner the attention of the Attorney Generals office. This is great, but it might make more sense to draft a complaint that references the magnitude of the larceny. The text you provide doesn't highlight the fact that Andy collected 88k from backers. Complaint filed from Singapore *sigh* this was a good idea while it lasted.. now it seems we're never going to get the printer.. and such a product still doesn't exist in the open market.. Well... after 2 years I guess we can say goodbye to our money... How would filing a complain outside USA could help... Damn. Sounds like everyone is just throwing in the towel. Complaint filed from Germany, Thanks! I complained to the US attorney generals office, hopefully they can help Sent a complaint from California. Also filed a complaint (from Belgium). Better than doing nothing :) Complaint filed from Switzerland. Thanks! Complaint filed. Thank you Randall! Complain filed. Thanks Randall! I too have submitted a complaint. I no longer believe that Mr. Muldowney is making good faith efforts to comply with his contractual obligations. Filed a complaint as well. At the very least we'll keep the Texas attorney general hounding him. Karma is a ****, hope it rains down on Andy! Also filed a complaint with the Texas A.G. Complaint filed. Thanks to Randall Berg (comment below) for providing the Atty Gen info and a sample letter. I just filed a complaint through the link. I got a letter from the Texas Attorney General's office in the mail, but it basically just said "We got your complaint. No need to follow up. We'll call you if we need you." Me as well Nothing as of yet Steven? did anyone got any reaction from anyone on the complaints? Filed a complaint as well. Thanks Complaint filed. Thanks Randall! I filed a complaint using your template. Andy has not logged in since December. What is it with this guy and his propensity to run off and abandon projects he works on? Complaint filed... Complaint filed. Just because you aren't in Texas does not preclude you from filing a complaint. EU residents can also complain to the Texas AG. Anyone outside of the US, Particularly EU have an avenue we can hammer? Every single backer must file a complaint. I filed a complaint as well. Randall, thanks! I also submitted a complaint, using your template (though I mentioned that it was based on your text, so they don't just dismiss mine as a duplicate or something) I just filed a complaint with the Texas Attorney General's office, here: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Andy has not done either and continues to not answer any request for communication from his backers. Since Andy and mPrinter are registered as an LLC within Texas, I would like to file a complaint with you with hopes that some resolution may be achieved. Any news here? We non-us people are pretty much hosed... dont forget that he collected more pre-orders from his site before he took it down, so it is well over $88,018 We have more than enough people for a class action lawsuit! ANDY MULDOWNEY MPRINTER,LLC 2209A THORNTON RD.SUATIN,TX 78704 UNITED STATES That's a different address from the Reiger Ave. one. <url>#366, but since that wasn't my name I didn't want to update that row... Peter Pawlowski might be a very distant relative though. ;) I'm with @Brandon, I also think Kickstarter should do something about this. I've backed 23 projects and this is one of the two failed projects. Since I first knew about scam projects, my chance of backing projects is down to less than 10%. Nowadays I only star projects and wait until it's done and open for "real" pre-order. I see some places mentioning applying for a refund - I realize it is unrealistic to expect a refund, but I'm curious as to what they mean when they say 'applying for a refund.' Should I be adding my voice to a refund conversation somewhere? I think kickstarter has a responsibility to intervene in situations like this - otherwise how can we really trust any project knowing that it might fall apart and kickstarter will just sit back and watch I would just like to get some words from Andy about the current status, even if he declares that this project has failed. He created this Kickstarter project and he is solely responsible for what happened. If he's working on something else while employed by another company and he is start suing other people then it's only his fault. <url>"On September 18, 2012, Gilbert put Muldowney on notice that iCall claimed ownership of part or all of mPrinter. Gilbert also advised Muldowney that he would be required to tell any potential investors that iCall had made a claim to ownership of part or all of mPrinter." icall's Founder and President is Arlo Gilbert So you're right. Ady sued first but the reason was Mr. Gilbert. He tried to weasel Andy out of mprinter. @Fabian F.: have a look at: <url>"cake" if I read the comments below correctly? He's probably the reason why Andy's broke. @Arlo: I'm in for Kicksueing! hm, maybe a good time to buy from andy parts he has for mpriners for a fraction of price and try to finish and sell them. :) If you guys are serious you'll want to sue kickstarter not andy. Andy is probably broke. I have an attorney who is excited to try and take on KS but chatting here about it is pointless. Whoever has the list of backers and contact info needs to take this to an email conversation rather than building forums and new sites... Collectively you probably need to raise about 5k for this attorney to take it on. No point in trying to squeeze water out of a rock (Andy)... Go after the deep pockets. @JackAscii: Any news about the "uniting of the backers"? I hope, I will met Andy in person... once... ... So I could ask him, what went wrong... and ask for my money back... Any NYC backer here? Please attend this KS event and talk to them in person. Can someone do this <url>"working on it" even if he's given up. I don't get the sense that this project was set up as a scam (too much work put into product development) but that he hit obstacles and responded to them with "fuck it". Pity he doesn't get that telling the truth would get him way more sympathy than stonewalling. Other projects have even gotten backers to help get through the obstacles this way. @ Badger - You're right! It's time to scream. I just nominated Kickstarter as the Worst Company in America in the Consumer Reports/Consumerist annual contest. Below are the details, if you'd also like to make the same nomination. The Worst Company In America Trophy <url>"Who will take home the most sought-after trophy in the world: The Golden Poo. That’s right, it’s time to start sending in nominations for the annual Worst Company in America tournament! Starting… now! and continuing through 5 p.m. ET on Thursday, March 13, write to us to let us know about those companies that most deserve to be honored with the Golden Poo. As always, nominated companies must regularly provide goods and services to American consumers. !!! NOTE: VERY IMPORTANT UPDATE TO THE NOMINATIONS PROCESS !!! In order for a nomination to be considered, your e-mail must not simply name the company being nominated, but must include a sentence or two that contains actual information on why you’re nominating. So a nomination that reads “Company X sucks!” would not be considered, but one that states, “Company X sucks because it [fill in the blanks with reasons for sucking]” would be considered a valid nomination. You can still nominate multiple companies, but each nominee must have its own explanation. Once you have your nominations ready, e-mail them to <email> before 5 p.m. ET on March 13. This year’s WCIA bracket will be revealed Monday, March 17 with voting kicking off the next day." @ Binoy Xavier Joy: From that, what the form wrote, me I don't think it will help: Thank you. Your response has been received. A member of the Kickstarter Community Support team will now take the following action: 1. Include your message in a written notice to the project creator. 2. Review the project page. If our Community Support team determines that it is warranted, the project creator may be prevented from launching another project until they have completed this project and fulfilled the rewards as promised. But anyhow, I'd say It's a goot time to scream anywhere it's possible. For anyone who is checking this page please fill out the form here <url>‏@cadler <url>‏@ystrickler <url>‏@perrychen <url>"estimated delivery" date for backer rewards. At this point, I want a refund — I don't even want the printer anymore, since it will likely not function reliably. I've joined the "Backers Unite" forum mentioned earlier. The fact that "mPrinter LLC" has had its tax status "involuntarily ended" (as pointed out by Dave Rigotti in an earlier comment) says plenty about where things stand... @Frank - I forgot to stipulate that I'm in, but I would prefer to use a different crowdfunding site to raise the money. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me. I really would hate for Kickstarter to get a piece of the funds when they, in addition to Andy, are the issue... @Frank, Count me in. Kickstarter is celebrating 1B pledge fund feat today. Make some noise on their social media accounts. I just did my part <url>"physical item" kickstarts. All of which have been delayed. I'm thinking of making a website solely dedicated to scamstarters. Anyone behind that idea? Disgruntled backers, I have done some research regarding other failed projects and the recourse taken by disgruntled backers. Of the 20 I reviewed, only three were around the same dollar value. I am going to contact one of the groups that elected to pursue a lawsuit. I don't know how successful they were, but I think it will be a good start to learn from them. For the others, I really cannot emphasize enough that if we have any hope to get a response, we need to collectively make our selves heard. Per the badger forum, I am still the newest member which is fairly disappointing. I did hear from a non backer that purchased a printer (which also was never delivered) from Andy's website and he is interested in joining our cause. But still, we need to rally together. 90K icall.com is listed on a profile I found on a website. There is an email listed there. You don't need me to tell you what to do with it. Hope it helps. Bill, Ive requested a refund publicly and privately (to Andy directly) several times. Is it time to move forward with a thunderclap, emails to the scamstarter team and andy, and emails to Amazon? 90k You disappoint me a lot. Until now, I believed in you but the days passed, I realized that this is a great scam... I've received the registered agent information from the Secretary of State and, FYI, the entity status: "In existence." Andy, In your 16 December 2013 update you committed to delivering 150 mPrinters in the next three weeks. That quantity was more than adequate to fulfill all early Backer mPrinter commitments and 25% of all mPrinter Backer commitments. Now ten weeks later, I have not seen any evidence of delivering on those promises once again. At this point, I would like to renew my request for a refund, which I withdrew in good faith after your last and promising update. I look to you for prompt resolution of your commitments. @ Badger, Jack Ascii, Skypax and all, I support everyone working together, sharing info, and of course taking unified collective actions as you suggest. Just an FYI, let me share some perceptions, observations, thoughts and my immediate plans. (1) I see no evidence that Andy will respond to any Backer communications or requests. Continuing to send email requests to Andy is likely is a waste of time. However, it is important ethically and legally, that Andy know what the Backers are asking for, before complaining to anyone else. I withdrew my request for a refund after Andy's last update. I will be resubmitting that request with justification in the days ahead, both on this forum and in an email. (2) Andy's last two updates, 29 October and 16 December 2013 gave us more (again) failed promises, as we all know. I don't know if it's a coincidence, but these updates came shortly after I filed complaints using the "Report a Project to Kickstarter" (found at the bottom of the project page) and with Amazon customer service. As I understand it, Amazon takes care of Kickstarter fund collection and distribution, so they make money off every Kickstarter project. In general, Amazon does a lot to protect the value of their brand. My contact with Amazon customer service was very prompt and exceptional to anything I've ever experienced. Amazon customer service listened and committed to look further into the matter, but made no commitments to me, which is not unexpected. I believe it's logical to believe when Amazon speaks Kickstarter, and thus Andy listens.... and acts. I can't imagine Amazon allowing themselves to be thrown into the mud (damaging their brand) with Kickstarter and Andy over this project. (3) My recent mPrinter postings was an effort to collect supporting information, for my renewed contact with both Kickstarter and Amazon which I had planned to do just about now. I (we) have received to many failed promises, it is time for a substantive resolution or a substantive path to resolution. (4) I believe individual Backer (and private) contact with both Kickstarter and Amazon on this project would be a great first collective effort that we all could/should make. (5) If no substantive resolution occurs after this, then the consequence and our next recourse should be a full-on public outcry on using mediums like Thunder Clap, Consumer Reports/The Consumerist and other similar mediums. Personally I'd still like this project to succeed, but have been given no evidence to believe Andy will deliver on his promises and obligations and in fact what he guarantees customers today on his mPrinter website.... a functional product. A financial reimbursement to requesting Backers is appropriate at this point in time! The ethical, moral, if not legal reasons, justify this IMHO. Comments welcome!!! @Dave - I guess the state of texas wasn't as patient as all the backers here. I'm guessing the state got tired of waiting for the yearly renewal filing fee... I have no inside info but my guess is that's a bad sign for backers as Andy has probably thrown the towel in on the entire thing if he's not maintaining the corporate entity. #2cents @Dave: crap I can't get it without valid US ID card. :( What's said there? @Dave Oh snap. That's sorta a big deal! @ Badger - I wouldn't worry about it. At this point, I think Andy needs to see it. Lets just keep moving forward. Looking forward to some momentum and a good showing of numbers. Skypax: "If you do create that section in badger's forum, make sure Andy and his wife's accounts do not have access there so they don't know what is being discussed." To be honest, I don't know how can I achieve this... If they want to, they will be always able to sneak in pretending that they are one of the backers. I have absolutly no idea how to prove that the user is the backer. @JackAscii: Of course I did not imply yourself with my last comment. If anything, you are one of the more active users here in comments section. @JackAscii + @badger: If you do create that section in badger's forum, make sure Andy and his wife's accounts do not have access there so they don't know what is being discussed. And I mention this because I remember badger saying that Andy and his wife had registered in his forum at some point last year. @JackAscii: here you have: <url>"Kickstarter/Mprinter Fraud" - Need help crafting the message before its published. Also, created a twitter account titled "Mprinter_Backers" and will use this to get things started. I need help though - and don't want to do this by myself. Lets organize on the Badger site below. Again, I need help crafting the Thunderclap message, so does anyone want to take an initial stab? @Badger - Can you create a new forum area titled - "Backers Unite" on the <url>… So, what to do now.... @Dave Rigotti - Please let us know what you find out. I'll be honest, I'm even willing to contribute monetarily to get someone to own up, Andy or the Scanstarter team, preferably both. For what its worth, he's also breached terms with the Kickstarter terms and conditions, but theres really no recourse and the Scamstarter team won't dirty their hands and get involved. @Jose - Totally agree and that is my stance as well. This is a shame because I have had some good experiences here, but until the Scamstarter team makes some changes and actually implements a process that goes several steps farther to prevent this type of fraud, I'm done with them (actually, I'm done with them regardless because of their apathy in these types of situations). @Skypax - I'm not giving up - it was freaking 90K. This needs attention. I'm up for whatever - we could start with the Thunderclap deal and move forward....I know I said it before but never followed through (sounds like Andy), but I will attempt to reach out to a couple of media outlets today. Backers - is this going to be a couple of guys/girls trying to make something happen, or do we have more than the few that have posted recently. Would love to see our numbers. Could we organize here? <url>… If so, if would be nice if we all send KS and Andy an email sometime this weekend letting them know of our disappointment. Thoughts? 90K It's a shame we've been scammed. There is no other explanation. If Andy at least was communicative about whats delaying the shipping, I would think otherwise. I always thought Kickstarter was a nice way to support new projects. I wont use it ever again. And this is where Andy is counting on basically. For people to get fed up and give up really. When you have certain backers saying (for a long time now) "this is how Kickstarter is", "Kickstarter is a gamble" etc etc and they feel OK letting their money away with no return then you can't really create momentum for any sort of action, can you? Also some other backers woke up from hibernation almost 2 years later and started inquiring now of what is happening... With backers like that Andy was (and has been) letting time to pass so everyone eventually gives up and accepts the current situation. Typing in this section every so often acts like a psychotherapy session for everyone. And of course even if he did deliver the devices now, it is almost 99% certain the mPrinters would be useless paperweights. What else is there to say really...today it's Feb 19th 2014 since the funding. @Binoy Xavier Joy: I don't see any real advantage in using Thunder Clap for this, but if you want to, go on. ;) I think that most backers just give it up already. Maybe if we make the Thunder Clap message so it "blames" the KS in some "smart way" as well, then maybe this will force the KS to change their response from "it's your problem, backers" into something more helpful. From the KS point of view the KS is not responsible for the fact that the project is failing, they get their share and it's finished for them. And as for user.. I believe nobody is willing to give the time and effort to get back his $150. And that's a dead point. Maybe you can shaut, but even if your are quite laud, nothing will most likely hapen because all is in fact legal so far. It looks like Right to Transact Business has been "FORFEITED" <url>#gid=0 How many non-backers have purchased and received an mPrinter? No idea. I'd guess it will be similar number to the number of backers that received the printer. Have you heard of any mPrinter owners who believe their mPrinters "function normally" (including yourself )? Simple answer: No. However it's question what "normal" means in here. Most of the problems seems to me like a "birth problem" that can be eventually fixed by firmware update. But anyway, however Andy promised me an firmware udpate he never answered any of my emails from that time. @ all Backers who received an mPrinter - Did you receive your mPrinter after Andy's last (December) update? - Do you believe your mPrinter "functions normally" as Andy warrants? Thanks! @ Badger Since you are regular contributor here, and an mPrinter owner and the one who stated a mPrinter user forum, you have a unique Backer perspective that few of us have. Would you be so kind to please share some related information with us, as best as you can? - How many Kickstarter Backers have received their mPrinters? - How many non-backers have purchased and received an mPrinter? Note that Andy provides the following mPrinter Warranty on the mPrinter website. "We guarantee each and every mPrinter to function normally and free of factory defects for a period of 12 months after purchase." - Have you heard of any mPrinter owners who believe their mPrinters "function normally" (including yourself )? Thanks much! Andy, just refund everyone and ... be a man: you might just have failed with this project. Lets agree on it - or prove us wrong within the next 10 days... Hi Has anyone used one of these printers with iOS or Android ? <url>"2 weeks" and then nothing happens for another couple of months. I am amazed with the majority of backers here simply being OK with yet another update without realizing that this is now almost Feb 2014. The project was funded Sep 2012! Although at this point I'd like a refund too. We need another update, and now. I want a refund already. Andy Muldowney is a scammer. I haven't received mine either. Hi Frank, I'm one of the few, that did receive the printer, but I'm definitely unsatisfied with it. It's so buggy, that it's unusable. Moreover I'm not from US. Would you like me to fill in your form as well? Maybe you can add the link here once more. I think the mood is again ready to at least give Andy some push. I had begun to collect names regarding this kickstarter to file suit against Andy, but last month he provided some comments which led me to believe it was coming. Yet again it seems we may have been duped. Assuming I don't receive my printer in the next two weeks, I'll restart that process and get everyone's information. What happening with this? when can i expect to receive my printer? Its been a month, whats the word?? I still haven't received mine either. Would like some sort of update.. Still waiting on my paperweight...I mean printer. Everyone should contact Rebecca from this article. We are currently talking to her about another project and I would like to expand the expose to other failed projects. <url>"We have another 400 units, enough to fulfill all remaining pledges and have excess inventory available, scheduled for delivery the second week of January.". We are now in the third week of January. With that said, although undeserved, maybe he thought this week is the second week since the first week was a partial one for January. There are 706 backers - I believe we should all send him a message, as well as the kickstarter guys, on Monday of next week. Its a year behind, and another date will be missed as of Friday of this week. If you are reading this Andy, I personally just want a refund. Thoughts? I hate being the squeaky wheel by the way. Readig our angry comments below and seeing Mr. Muldowney ignoring everything tells me that we will never recieve anything. Congrats Mr. Muldowney! @JackAscii: a few did receive the printer (I'm one of the lucky ones.) but it's quite far from being usable. :( It's more like a "nice paper weigh", that you can play with (hack it), but can't rely on it once you need some results. Many times I requested some update or sources (to fix the problems myself) but so far only promises, that he will send some FW update soon. We are nearing this project being a year late, and still no hint as to when he will deliver. I've said before, I just want a refund. This printer could end up being the best gadget ever, but I'm done with it. Has anyone received anything? It's not about my $125 pledge, it's about a 90k heist that Andy and Kickstarter pulled off. Delays are one thing, but it would seem appropriate that if you were running way behind but were still planning on delivering, that you'd communicate a heck of allot more often. Andy hasn't logged in since December 16th. Before that he hadn't logged in since October. I can't even get him to respond to my inquiry about a refund. Seriously, are there more than 10% of the backers that believe we will either get a printer or refund in 2014? I'd love to be pleasantly surprised, but I just have no confidence in him at this point. 90k. Kickstarter for one should freakin be more responsible. If someone says they need 10k to get the project going, and 90k is pledged, there should be some sort of control to prevent what appeals to be a legal mugging. Anyway, very disappointed and just wanted to vent. The Little Berg printer just went on sale today. It's pricey, buy if I had my pledge back I'd probably make the purchase. Don't worry, we will get another update soon letting us know how he will begin ramping up work again in 4 weeks. Well, it looks like I'm not the only one looking for an update. I am not good at checking in, so thought maybe I'd missed you asking for shipping details. But it looks like we're all waiting, Please provide an update of where things are, even if it's "I'm totally overwhelmed and hiding under the bed, but plan to crawl out and restart on January 12th". I'm really looking forward to this, so please let us know you and the project are alive and kicking. @ Markus This is not about a child who has to be motivatetd to build a paper plane. Andy is a buisiness man who earned $88,018 and so far we received nothing but broken promises. I think Andy should have given a more accurate delivery date. The waiting has been way too long. I'm not the first to fund a kickstarter project such as this and I know target dates rarely get met. But at the same time, I want my product I helped finance. Its been over a year and I still haven't seen anything but the occasional update (not much in regards to shipment). As long as I'm kept REGUARLY updated, (meaning once a month at least), I'm generally a happy camper. But something needs to happen soon. So please update us as to the progress of this product soon PLEASE!! @Bill So let's try to motivate him?! @every backer Could you write one line of motivational message in the comments? @Andy I know it's much much work (I'm a software developer myself)! Keep up, the finishing line is in sight! Hey Andy, i want refund. I'm early bird and gonna tell you if mine gets shipped. @ Marcus I agree it is important to encourage/motivate Andy. That doesn't mean we should also bury our heads and ignore the facts. In your posting you challenged the backers by asking who else had completed a Kickstarter project on time. Let me ask you a question! Would you continue to provide your money and energy to support a business that continually fails to do the following? > Show primary allegiance to investing supporters > Deliver on few, if any, deliverable promises > Reply to supporter emails and only provide updates when forced to Andy's last update promised delivery of the mPrinter to the early backers in three weeks. That was 13 days ago and we've yet to hear any delivery reports from backers. I suspect most backers have taken a wait-and-see attitude and passively waiting to see what develops in the next several weeks. That describes my feelings. If the mPrinters are delivered as promised and it's a functional product that backers can work with, then this attitude will probably take an positive upswing. That's what I'm hoping for. Fellow kickstarters, please remember that we did not buy a final product but finance the build of a new one! Building needs time and Andy may be a good technichian (can only decide that if I have my mprinter :) ) but he seems not to be a good communicator. Well this may be bad when you wait for the delivery, but he has managed to build the product and has settled the case with the court/other party and is tackling the delivery issues - what more do you want? Should he turn in some kind of super hero and finish the printers in one night? Even the Heinzelmännchen ( <url>"happy holiday" good news on deliveries and more importantly that the mPrinter works! I think that would be a great idea. Getting media attentions was always a good start… Ha that's a cool site! Never seen that before. What about a Thunderclap media campaign on a set date? That would amplify our concern and KS will be forced to respond <url>… Sorry about that @badger I contaced Kickstarter through their contact form. They're using a ticket-system and I got a response within a day or two. — — — It helps nothing to call Andy a thief or a looser. It also helps nothing to be rude to Kickstarter. The platform is simple and the rules are clear. In fact, Andy got into a contract with us, and Kickstarter is not a part of it. I suggest to wait for the end of January. It's not fun to wait, but it's the only solution. Kickstarter suggested to contact Andy in any possible way to get to an update. I still believe in this project. Everyone I told about it was surprised and interested and I believe in Andy, he's in a terrible situation and maybe only needs time. @Arlo You're mentioned in the case. Who's REALLY involved? When did you hear the last time from Andy? Did he say something about the mPrinter? btw. Did anybody try to send an email to <email>? And was it successful? The Google groups keeps rejecting my emails. :( @Arlo: I read what's online on the court pages. ;) The only think I want to express is that I hope that Andy may eventually have more time and will to return back to mPrinter if the case is settled. In fact I don't really care about that court. What I'd like to have is the reward I pledged for, that's all. And.. I'd like to find some way how to motivate Andy to finish what he promised. @Daniel: This will not help. However I must admit that I'm loosing my patience as well. You're a loser Andy. Edmund, a settlement does not mean that any money changed hands, it means that parties in a case resolved their differences outside of the court. I have nothing to do with mPrinter and never have other than being a backer and former friend of the inventor. Leave me out of it. An excerpt of 11/25/2013 ORDER - SETTLEMENT CONFERENCE: "On November 25, 2013, the parties announced that this matter has been settled. To date, no final orders have been presented to the court. If final orders are submitted prior to January 3, 2014, then there will be no need to appear at the final hearing referenced below...." Of the terms of settlement, we'll probably have to wait and see what Andy and his wife come up with. Money's not gonna come by so soon that everything magically resolves itself. Oh, and I think I called it when I said Arlo Gilbert's hands are dirty. Kudos to @badger for posting the link to the court case. Doesn't make it any easier knowing that the project's still in limbo so far, but at least there's light at the end of the tunnel, albeit a rather dim one. @Kaegan: Sorry, the court webpage is sort of "security by obsucurity" in my eyes. Go to <url>"Civil District case information" and request case with number "DC-12-12383". Just sent my first email to the ****starter team. I think they are bigger frauds than Andy.Andy only walked away with 80K.I know its fruitless, but I'll be sending at least one email every day for the next 6 weeks. Contacting my credit card company tomorrow. Again, I know its not going to get my money back - which really isn't the point anyway, but I'm tired of this kind of fraud. It should be more difficult to steal 80K than this... (I really like the "Be Respectful and Considerate" button below - its the ****starter teams backward way of trying to make me feel bad about venting .). It would be nice if the ****starter guys would take a little interest in trying to get this crap resolved. 88K Cade - I agree. Its frustrating to lose $100, but its ridiculous that someone can walk away with 88K. Sending my first of many emails to Kickstarter tonight. Ridiculous.... Andy is a THIEF. Plain and simple. Consider yourself robbed. Kickstarter should be ashamed - as they took their cut and now over 700 people are left waiting on a product that will never ship. I'm done with KS. This is a joke. The link you posted doesn't seem to work. All I want is my money back. I wonder if something will change once the court between Andy and iCall is settled. Any chance of further update please? At this point I just want my money back. Andy hasn't logged in since October now, and I gotta think that if things were on track or going well as alluded to in his previous update, we would have seen an update in November. Wondering if all 706 backers began hammering away at the kickstarter admins and Andys mailbox daily, would we get a response. With a refund I could work on an "Internet of Things Printer". <url>"storm" similar to the last one. Moreover I'm not sure if we force Andy to post some update we will get some relevant informations in it. I tried to write Kalynn about the update and nothing happend, the only news I found is that the they agreed with iCall to settled on "non jury trial" (Sorry I'm not sure about the english terms) and the settlement conference should be on 3rd january. I would like to see a updat on the status of my reward. I have received no information as to my status. Andy please advis you backers on the current status of production and shipping, Is there any update on this? since ages I get: "Shipping group: A Status: In production" Plus - a confirmation for the paid battery pack - never received from Andy. So sick of the BS with this project. Yet another month since the update. Every update is the same, delays and they are ramping up production. Andy must be really dense to not understand that with all of the numbers he provides, even with delays, he should have been able to mass produce far more than what the kickstarter crowd entailed. At 100 units he could have had the backer pledges filled in 4 weeks? Its been over a year. Do the math and see even with delays how many more than the total number of backers he should have delivered by now. What ridiculous business practices. I wish I'd get a printer... :( It's been nearly a month since the last update. It is time for another update. Meanwhile, no one has received a single mPrinter since the last update...(26 days ago that is) @badger yea it does seem to stop at some point but i've only "let" it get to that point once accidentally. It feeds through a fair amount of paper before it will stop. Good to know hopefully it will be fixed in a firmware update. Cheers. @Tim: For me it just often stops feeding the paper after a while. Seems like a firmware problem to me. But there is some hope at the end of the tunnel. While I discussed this with Kalynn (Andys wife) via email, she promised me a firmware update soon. So I'm looking forward to that FW update. @badger The hardware issue you're talking about, is that the printer getting to a point where it stops printing and just feeds paper non-stop.. Because I've been seeing this behaviour quite regularly now. "Good news everybody... " :) No.. I just wanted to inform you, that Kalynn (Andys wife) joined the forum I created at <url>"early stage of development of firmware" and offered help with programming if Andy releases the source code as open source. The response was that Andy plans to release the codes, but it's still far from being "releasable". The other idea that was in that email was that the behavior I described was not observed by them and might be a hardware issue as well and they promised to replace the printer once they have next batch of mainboards. I'll try to publis the discussion on the forum (<url>"update" and received no reply. Amazing that there are those of us in that first 100 early bird batch that haven't even received ours. I did, however, as I have mentioned being done in the past, send them an email from a different email address asking about features of the new printer pretending to be a possible new buyer. I received a reply back in about an hour. My follow up reply to that email letting them know I was actually a backer and trying to get additional information received no further replies. I've filed a credit card chargeback request. Fortunately we have fairly good coverage in Europe. I understand people in the U.S. can even invoke federal charges (cross state matters) but that is not so practical for international folks. Now, I cannot say whether the project manager is dishonest (as in a thief). But dishonesty is more than just taking something. I feel the transparency, openness and clarity is far from honest. Bad faith as it were. One understands problems and delays and other managers manage to communicate them. Kickstarter really needs to get a grip on these things - with a fair few "bad investments" (resolved only by my card issuer) I rarely even look at KS now. KS don't care, they get their share of the coin upfront and after that…. There are/have been a few good KS projects (Triggertrap for example) but KS does seem to be a bit of a deadbeat city nowadays. That is a shame. I do not want your printer. Do not send it to me. I want my money back. @Daniel: If you mean <email>, then yes, we have.. at least me and Chris Lin (mentioned a few posts below). But for me it was something more or less like "sorry, we don't have time for you right now". :( Has anyone got a reply from the email address yet? @Kevin Cooney I think you're right on the money. Doesn't make for happy KS backers though, that's for sure. But considering the project is somewhere in limbo as far as we're concerned, any news is worth something. I've basically scratched this project as a write off, so actually getting an mPrinter from Andy would be a bonus, with the lowered expectations I've got now :) If I were Andy, I'd be shipping out the non-Kickstarter mPrinters first, as they're the most likely to cancel or chargeback orders at this point. So no surprise if the KS users are not getting emails/printers. Has anyone received an email or printer since Andy's last update? Cool, I finally get some response from Kalynn. Not really answers to my questions, but at least some response. Seems like the project is starting to move the right way. :) @Chris: Desn't seem to work for me. :( Not even simple "Sorry, but no." @badger. I did on Nov 2nd. Kalynn T. responded to my e-mail. I think you should try again. and silence again.. did anybody receive some response from <email>? @Fabio @JackAscii The same reason I backed mPrinter is I wanted to buy berg little printer at first, however it's overpriced and not deliver to my country. so I try to search alternative ,here comes mPrinter. (Actually there is another choice before I found mPrinter, just need more tech knowledge <url>~100, but still, the idea someone could steal 88K and get away with it with no realistic consequences doesn't sit well with me. I was actually thinking of buying a berg little printer (overpriced) when this kickstarter project kickedoff - makes me wonder if I made the wrong decision. I think it is important to note, however, that Andy has posted some very good updates in the past and I believe he is capable of getting this done (not the typical behavior of a thief). All I ask Andy, is that we get more communication. I still believe in you, but my confidence in the project is very very low right now, despite the update which appeared to be forced (and aimed at preventing any additional actions being initiated by your unhappy backers). @ Edmund - I totally agree with your assessment that hardware fulfillment is hard - a lesson I would consider if I ever supported another kickstarter project, which I do not plan to. But the analogy to a bet, I disagree. If that is essentially what it is, then I want no part of it, and I think more effective communication on the part of the kickstarter founders is needed. I also appreciated what Skypax and Arlo have shared - heck, it got and update and they had every right to be angry - they're backers like you and me. Ax grinders, in my opinion, are the guys with no patience who post negative diatribe when somethings a couple of days behind schedule. When somethings late, without an update for 2 months, I think even the most reasonable people get a little pissed (See 88K number again ;). Word to the third. Good luck Andy! I really do like the product and cant wait to get my hands on mine.. @Arlo: It would be nice to have a source code of the firmware as well. It's a sad story. I'd like to help fixing the mPrinter bugs (In fact develop firmware for mPrinter for free). I'm offering to help Andy to make his (or whomever the mPrinter belongs to) product better and no response so far. :( I paid $400 for an mprinter Edmund, I think that makes me a backer not a troll. I've read enough. After lurking for so long and considering the details (not facts, wouldn't dream of it) mentioned in the comments section, I've come to these conclusions: a) I've signed up for this Kickstarter campaign with the [HOPE] that once it gets funded and fulfillment gets underway, Andy & Co. will deliver the pledge rewards to backers, however long that may take, though preferably more in-line with the "Estimated Delivery" date. I'm [INVESTING] on Andy & Co. being able to deliver, not [BUYING] a product. b) If [SHIT HAPPENS] and Andy & Co. defaults, worst-case scenario is I don't get the [PROMISED] pledge reward. I walk away from this Kickstarter campaign $120 less (being an international backer) and the fact knowing that Andy & Co. can't deliver and not a single cent will go his way every again. But [THAT HAS NOT COME TO PASS]. c) With 48 KS campaign pledged under my belt and about 43.75% pledged projects delivered, also considering that 3 out of 48 projects (6.25%) are bad-egg investments (including this one) of roughly 5% of my total KS pledges since 2011, I deem my betting average as [pretty good]. d) The sole responsibility for pledging/investing in this KS project and not getting a return / pledge reward fulfilled rests entirely on me. Yes it sucks, but it's a drop in an ocean compared to the valuable lesson I've learnt from this and other Kickstarter campaigns: hardware fulfillment is [HARD] and entrepreneurs will succeed and fail either way... for us backers it's just a bet. e) From the conversation in the comments between Skypax and "Arlo Gilbert", my impression is Arlo had an axe to grind and I deem his hands are dirty from his direct involvement with this KS project in the first place and although none of us will be able to argue about [the truth] of the case, it's best (for me and I think for practically everyone else) to totally ignore Arlo (deny him the satisfaction of getting off at shitting on other backers and on Andy, regardless because he's a bloody troll) and move on with our lives. f) At this point, getting the mPrinter from Andy (soon or much much later, but pledge fulfilled anyway) will be considered a bonus for me, not only in showing that Andy kept his word but also Arlo proven to be what I think of him (see (e)). g) This talk of class-action lawsuits and stuff, you guys all getting off of this and a way to vent your frustration? Do you actually think that successfully suing Andy and burden him with another lawsuit (in-light of the latest update) would get you your pledged mPrinter OR your money? Is the trouble worth it? This will be my one and only comment here in this KS project, until something else positive turns up I've said my piece. [PROJECT WRITTEN OFF] I'm curious whether anybody has received their PDF schematic or mPrinter sticker. @Andy It's good to hear from you! I'm happy to hear you are ok, still working on the mPrinter project and appreciate your recent update. When I committed to this project as a Backer, I wanted this project to be a success and still do. After hearing your update, I'd like to renew my commitment to the project and thus would like to retract my recent request for a refund. I hope other Backers will also renew their project support. In return, I urge you to over-communicate with regular and timely project progress and shipping updates as this is needed to regain the trust of Backers. Andy in your update you only mentioned hardware. I hope that you will give us an update on the software and server support in a future update. Getting the mPrinter hardware will be nice, but without the accompanying support, it will have no value. Thanks again for you continued commitment to the mPrinter and the KickStarter Backers. @Backers Andy gave us a good update yesterday..... mPrinter is still alive. While Andy didn't commit to any delivery schedule, he did promise to keep us informed on progress and the shipping schedule. I am cautiously optimistic on the outcome of the project and expect (hope) that everyone also feels the same way. One can only deduce the pressure this group supplied directly to Andy, Kickstarter and Amazon had an impact, resulting in the update we received. Let's get behind Any and support him, but also keep him accountable as we go forward. @Fabio thanks for the information. It really helps. And I also encourage any backers who receive the printer in the near future(as Andy promised),please just post here (with pic is even better) to let us know Andy is indeed shipping the printer to the backers, not just another update. Thanks those for trying to sort this problem out. Let's see what the next weeks brings. To get you informed: I contacted Kickstarter about our suspicions. I included some facts I found here in the comments and while contacting Arlo Gilbert (through Twitter). Kickstarter gave me several information about what we can do if someone does not deliver. And they told me that creators MUST give their backers their rewards or a refund because there's a contract between backer and creator. Kickstarter also told me that they noted Andy for the moment, in case he wanted to create a new project. If he's going to fulfil our shipments their notice will probably be: "Andy often forgets to write updates" instead of "Andy, the thief". Kickstarter also mentioned to contact Andy directly and to ask (or force?) him to post a much needed update and answer some questions in the comments. This was maybe the reason why Andy wrote an update. At least for me, it's ok and I gonna be waiting. (Until the next month without any updates…) Let's see what the next weeks brings. To get you informed: I contacted Kickstarter about our suspicions. I included some facts I found here in the comments and while contacting Arlo Gilbert (through Twitter). Kickstarter gave me several information about what we can do if someone does not deliver. And they told me that creators MUST give their backers their rewards or a refund because there's a contract between backer and creator. Kickstarter also told me that they noted Andy for the moment, in case he wanted to create a new project. If he's going to fulfil our shipments their notice will probably be: "Andy often forgets to write updates" instead of "Andy, the thief". Kickstarter also mentioned to contact Andy directly and to ask (or force?) him to post a much needed update and answer some questions in the comments. This was maybe the reason why Andy wrote an update. At least for me, it's ok and I gonna be waiting. (Until the next month without any updates…) Yeah, Andy is speaking, but I won't be too optimistic until I get my printer. And if he knew the fulfillment is a problem why he sold/listed the printer for sale on the mprinter site and grandst.com before taking care of all the backers,don't even mention to no response to our questions.(I don't need to know all the details/trouble he may go through, just a few words so we know everything is still in control) That's where the suspicion comes from. Update posted! Read it! Appreciate it! Get happy! Andy's Coming~ I don't see Andy as a "thief." I haven't seen any evidence that he planned all along to take our money. I think of him as a failed kickstarter entrepreneur. Or as failing at this particular business venture. I don't support or condone him or his actions. I particularly don't like that he's gone silent. Probably due to legal advice. Unfortunately our legal system discourages Andy from simply saying "I'm sorry." Re: Amazon's skin in the game: as they say in Brooklyn, forget-about-it. They are simply a payments processor. They offer an easy to use 3-party payments system, that's why Kickstarter, Meetup and others use them. *** Better news is that you may be able to claim back from your credit card company. If anyone tries that, please let us know how it goes. Of those listed, 3 have not or will not deliver ANYTHING to the backers. So while the mPrinter does exist in some form, I doubt I'll ever get my TouchTime. I think it would be an excellent idea to push this on Kickstarter and make them look bad for facilitating thievery (which is basically what this project is) So the irony is that kickstarter would be far better off if they guaranteed projects than they would with their current policy if failed projects didn't have a negative impact on their bottom line. I bet one class action would result in a safer process and less people getting screwed over. Fabio sparked my interest in finding information about other reported defaulted projects. This is what I found with a little research. Five (5) defaulted projects representing over 1.2 million dollars! Project Name. - # Backers - $ Raised - Delivery Date - # Backer Comments EYEZ (glasses) - 2106 - $343.4k - Mar '12 - 1578 GEODE - 1784 - $352.9k - Apr '12 - 1808 The Doom that Came to Atl City - 1246 - $122.9k - Oct '12 - 507 mPrinter - 706 - $88k - Oct '12 - 529 Touch TIME. - 2278 - 314.6k - Nov '12 - 1408 Total Contributions = $1,222,000 There's been a couple articles written about the Geode I know for sure. I read one about the Atlantic City board game too but I know the Geode ones were from reputable places What about finding other Kickstarter projects which ended like this and then go to e.g. Gizmodo? So, let's start a claim against Kickstarter for facilitating theft and the deceit of thousands of users worldwide. The good news here is that even if you aren't in the US, you can participate. Like Arlo correctly said Kickstarter got its cut, same goes for Amazon. Then Andy got all the rest, PLUS the "extra shipping costs" to ship the battery packs, let's not forget that. So the $88K is more like $90K+ really. Based on the above and some of the more "expert" opinions that have been heard so far by various backers it doesn't make sense to make Andy go bunkrupt and close his company if he has no money to pay us back, it makes no sense to go after him because the amount we'll be claiming is not worth the time and effort and also we should deal with it and move on because Kickstarter claims no liability in its T&Cs and because effectively Kickstarter is a "casino" and we all knew what we were potentially getting into. Sure, it does make total sense..in a parallel universe occupied by experts that suggest things like the above maybe. Yet it doesn't make sense to go after him and prevent him scamming even more people through his website or third party ones. I don't know how many people would "just accept it" and move on because it is "not worth it" if eBay said it is not liable for sellers scamming the buyers and because their T&Cs say so. Let's just all thank Andy for his services and move on to the next 10 scamm artists that will crop up eventually on Kickstarter. And then let's carry on suggesting the same stupid things like above yet another time. Let's give thiefs more ground to thrive. What doesn't make sense actually is backers that are not willing to claim anything back and rather gift their money to Andy so generously why do they try to convince the rest of us that it is not worth doing anything just because you chose to do that? If you believe thiefs should be left alone to keep on doing this and If you are happy with the current situation then keep calm and carry on, I'd say. It's pointless what you are doing. @Larry There is much more at stake here than $88k of Backer funds. Defaulted Kickstarter projects with outspoken backers can reduce Backer confidence in Kickstarter and degrade the value of the Kickstarter brand, which ultimately will cost Kickstarter business ($). Just as Arlo pointed out, both Kickstarter and Amazon profited from the mPrinter, so both have some duty to see than the project terms of agreement, agreed to by Andy are satisfied (deliver or refund the backer money). Amazon spends alot of money providing excellent customer service to protect and enhance it's brand. I can't imagine why Amazon would maintain a long term business relationship with Kickstarter without applying pressure for a quick and appropriate resolution to obviously failed projects. In addition, if Kickstarter was to lose it's partnership with Amazon over it's failed business practices, that too would cost Kickstarter money and credibility. From the sounds of it, there have been other defaulted projects without the terms of agreement being met. If mPrinter Backers roll over as Larry suggested, project creators will find out they are not held accountable and there will be many more defaulted Kickstarter projects in the future. @Larry This is true...HOWEVER! This is sorta like class action lawsuits you see for Apple or Amazon. If we could get enough media attention and a good nuff' lawyer, it could be possible to get a class action suit against Kickstarter as a whole, requiring that they refund a sum of money to ANY user that has not had a project fulfilled on the site. That would get me my money back for the Touch Time watch I'm pretty sure I'm getting scammed out of, and this printer. Outside of just myself I know of the Geode and that board game that never came to be. ANOTHER SCAMMER IN KICKSTARTER NO MORE KICKSTARTER FOR ME... Rule #1 for lawsuits is only sue people who have money. Rule #2 is only sue for amounts that make the suit worth your time to pursue. Andy and the $88K total split between 706 backers is not worth it. Sorry. Backers are all proceeding through the stages of grief at different rates, but eventually we'll all reach acceptance. And the sooner you do, the better off you will be. I've backed 6 projects so far and only this one is a loss. Of course, I'll miss the $145 but 'dems the breaks. If a printer shows up some day, that'd be great. In the meantime, onward! ps. IANALB I have often managed lawyers. as for the driver for direct printing. Actually I'm able to print directly from Linux (I guess that for Mac OS It will work as well, or with very little changes) I can print from my girlfrineds Windows 7 machine, whe I use my Linux machine as a print server. :) Well, it's just an alfa version (but actually usable) I can work on it little bit more if there is a need. What acually is a problem in "my chain" is the firmware of the printer, that has some bugs, that screws the print here and there or cause the printer to stop working for some while. @Bill: As for the mPrinter i suppose there are a few oters that can help. I'm not sure about the web, but I guess there will find someone familiar with windows, that will be able to write a driver for windows. For the web interface.. I guess I try to reverse engineer the comunication of the printer with the web server and write some documentation. But I'm not really familiar with writing the web pages. As for the firmware (and the same applies mor or less for the web interface as well) I can try to write alternative firmware, but It will cost quite a lot of time to start from scratch and I don't think I'll be able to find enogh time for that. If we can get to the sources of the current firmware it will be a good starting point to "tune it" to the right shape". But for all this I need some motivation like Andy talking about what's going, some community, that will find any use in my effort and so on. As for the forum: I can definitely create a section where only logged users can go.. and most likely the forum software allows a section, where only selected users can go. I'm not that sure if I can enable SSL on that web hosting page, but I'll try to investigate. ;) @Badger From your previous posts you appear to have a good technical understanding and competence in the software/driver and server side of mPrinter to make it functional for you. I (and likely many others) do not have that capability. Yes, you appropriately called it, the mPrinter hardware without the software/driver and server support would be a "black brick" for me and have the same functional value. How would you propose people like myself to obtain the same mPrinter functionality that Andy promised us.... IF we could get a functional mPrinter hardware? Lots of "IFs"in this scenario! I also didn't sign up as a backer to create another project for myself. You offered to set up a private forum. Are you saying you could set up a secure private forum for the contributors only? That would be great if you could do it! while thinking about the project.. Andy must have all the HW and parts (unassembled) maybe.. If ha has more parts than needed for all the KS rewards maybe there will be someone willing to "buy" those with the "burden" that have to sell the printers to the backers and can leave what remains for paying the shipping (and maybe assembly). (Sorry for my english I'n not a native speaker.. I'll just hope you'll undrestand the what I want to say :) ) @Bill Kirksey: If more people receive their "black brick" and Andy gives us the promised sources of firmware, there will be no problem to "fix it". I believe that I'm not the only one able (but less and less willing) to help with the programming once we have the source codes for the MCUs in the printer. @Bill Kirksey: If it helps something, I can create a "private topic" on <url>"says" they aren't liable doesn't make it so. If you want money pursue them, if you want justice pursue criminal justice against Andy. @Erik First of all I would appreciate if you didn't claim that I said/iplied certain things that I never said. I never claimed the money is waiting for you in Andy's account. If you feel like doing nothing then nobody forced you to do anything. Your mind is fixed at getting your mPrinter. We all did at some point. It's been over a year since we backed this. Let me stress that. OVER A YEAR. If you feel like staying passive and doing nothing then maybe you should also send Andy a Christmas card in a couple of months and wish him well for ripping you and us off. Where I live if you try to get away with $88K+ by selling hot and never refund the money or provide the service/product that you promised then they tend to put you in jail. They certainly don't give you a medal neither the people that have been scammed "just accept it". Is it different in the US? Anyway nobody forced you to do anything so this argument you are trying to pull off is pointless don't you think? @Skypax I'm just trying to be realistic here. You keep talking like that $88k is sitting in some account somewhere and we'll all get our pledge back if we pursue legal action. I believe that Andy hasn't come through because he ran out of money. The updates lead me to believe that he really ordered all of the parts, got the plastic injection molded cases in, and all of that stuff. If we all put up more money to pursue legal action and there is nothing left, we're just out legal fees too. A lawyer taking it up pro bono still can't get money out of mPrinter if there isn't any. I'm not willing to spend more money on a lawyer, just to be sure the mPrinter company is squashed. We're investors in a project that seems to have failed. My hope is that Andy will do the right thing and come clean and work with us the best he can. @Erik Well then let's just all sit an enjoy losing the money and the mPrinter altogether if we ever had any chance at receiving either of the two. What do you say? @skypax what money do you think is left after manufacturing and legal fees? mPrinter is an LLC, if the company is broke, it's kind of too bad for us. He might be personally liable since the project was started before he incorporated, but Kickstarter TOS says we've all agreed to only ever file charges in NY. Even then, he'd have a judgment against him that he probably couldn't pay. My guess is that he can't pay the manufacturer for the custom wire harnesses and has to make each by hand. There likely isn't any shipping money left either. That's a reasonable explanation of why he was shipping orders from his website, but not the kickstarter. In the end, the only result of legal action that I see is bankrupting Andy and/or mPrinter and still not get anything back for the effort. @Ario Thanks for opening up to the contributors and for your candid comments. Since you know Andy and his friends and are a significant contributor to this project would you please give us a status update on the project progress and Andy's state of mind or attitude about this project. Thanks! @Skypax Thanks for your informative efforts. We all are now hearing information about this project and Andy that is troubling, which doesn't indicate this project will end well. I hope all the contributors are attentive and willing to collaborate in some kind of resolution especially those that live in the Dallas area. I'm excited to see the progress in this discussion. I gonna do everything I can. Shouldn't we find a platform to plan further steps? @Erik Yeah we all do/did, that's why we backed this in the first place. But if he was to fulfill our pledges he would have done it by now don't you think? We were supposed to have them since April. That's 7 months ago! It has been 1 year + 1 month ever since. We need to start taking some action and try and save our money. Like you've seen in all the photos he was posting over time he did manufacture the mPrinter and started selling it through his site and other sites like Grand St and blatantly ignored us. In late August he said he would start shipping mPrinters and only a few people got them and presumably that was just to create some buzz that things are happening. They now have a paperweight. The site doesn't work. Who else got one ever since? Also earlier this month Andy claimed he would use another company to help speed up the shipping process. Did anything happen ever since. Has he given you an update as a backer ever since August 20th that he last logged in? Isn't that enough? I still just want an mPrinter and I wish Andy had just said something about the legal problems. I'd rather have the printer and make my own wire harness and hack the cups driver to print than a refund. Also thanks for the compliment. It was just a matter of time for you to drop the Mr Nice guy mask. Good luck and all the best. No I never suggested that you were "in on it". I just suggested that the turn of events that took place around the time the campaign ended effectively compromised the project. Again based on what the lawsuit documents mentioned. I wasn't there obviously. To put it in a different way, if the project had any chance of going smooth and for all of us to get our mPrinters as we were supposed to, the things that happened ruled that out. Whether Andy likes to drop the ball or whether he was trying to pull off a scam that's a different story. I don't know him. You obviously know him better. Anyway the point right now is for everyone to try and help out so we can claim our money. If I was living in the US believe me I wouldn't be sitting here typing to you. Unfortunately I am not. No need to turn this into an argument between us two. People have better things to do. Nope I just find it offensive that you are suggesting that I am somehow part of this or that i was "in on it" Rip into Andy and his failure to produce all day long, leave me out of it asshole. I thought you had to go? If after all these comments all you can read is that Arlo = The only bad guy, Andy = Good then clearly we are talking in two a separate languages. Anyway this is for you --> <url>"friend" who backed, maybe you are his smokescreen? Trying to make Andy sound like a victim? Trying to deflect the responsibility? Simple fact is that HE took your money and HE failed to deliver. There is nobody else to blame. Point your finger at him and at a system (kickstarter) that let's creators steal from backers without providing any recourse other than a lawsuit. Did you by any chance tell those backers that you've been talking to all this time what was they situation? Did they know? If so, why didn't they let everyone else know when every single backer was wondering? What's this, a clique within a clique? The backers you supposedly "spoke to" vs the rest of us? Tell us more. Keep talking. Yes of course...he was a good friend yet you know how he drops the ball, never delivers etc.. I thought the court case mentioned 1. First you both play pretend friends 2. Then the KS project comes in raising $88K+ 3. Four days later (!!!!!!!!!!) you sue him. Not before. 4. The next day he resigns The must have got it wrong....obviously. It all makes sense now Arlo. Skypax you are making yourself look bad, I have been talking to backers who expressed concern for a long time, sorry if you feel left out. Go back about 9 mos on this comment board. I backed when it was supposed to be a little on the side hobby because he was a friend. It's pretty fair to say that this stupid project cost me a lot more than 88k. There is some saying about feeding the troll. I'll stop. I have to go for a bit unfortunately but the last thing you should do is harass the guys wife and give him grounds in a lawsuit... Go find an attorney who is in Austin, get a collective group of people (somebody already did that a few weeks ago btw) and go use him for theft and fraud. Even if he did use the money for a lawsuit then he used YOUR money for a lawsuit. I'll put 5k in if anybody wants to run with it. @Arlo Gilbert For A WHOLE FREAKING YEAR people have been wondering what the heck has happened with their mPrinter and they long gone money. We've reached 493 comments already. You keep on talking saying that you know all the deal about Andy and how he drops the ball yest you gave away $400 out of the deep respect you had? Or because you wanted an mPrinter to play with? You had you mind in the money. I am not suggesting by any means that Andy is an angel. I found what I needed to find I have no interest digging up your past or Andy's past any further. I couldn't care less frankly. All this time you didn't bother letting us know what was happening and turned a blind eye when everyone up until 8 hours ago kept on wondering. You come now, well over a year and only after we found out, to tell us what's the deal. Now suddenly you became vocal? Talking about Andy, wrong assumptions etc.. The wise thing to do is just to carry on being silent. Like Andy. You only embarrass yourself the more you talk trying to justify the unjustifiable. @Justin A Mitchell Ignore the phone numbers. The one I gave was valid but Andy disconnected it. The numbers Erik provided are valid but Andy/Tupa will never answer them. So it is pointless trying to call. @skypax just cause somebody writes it doesn't make it true... Lot of incorrect assumptions on your part. @Arlo Gilbert Please, don't make me cry now... Mystery solved :) Nice story, but again, notice to ALL backers (especially those in the US). We need to start taking action! If you are a lawyer, have any friend that is a lawyer or can find a lawyer in general let us know! This is the chance to get our money back! Don't just passively read the comments! Wow stuff developed while I was gone haha. The internet can be a creepy place apparently. That's some information you've found. I'm in the US and I've called all the numbers I could find related to this and want to help where I can. I'm family friends with a lawyer so I'll ask him where to start. However, up front I'll say "I'm poor." and can't afford to peruse legal action I'm afraid Feel free to be mad at the creator, we parted on very bad terms but no need to falsely suggest I'm involved or even partly responsible. He filed that silly lawsuit, not the other way around... Look at who filed it. I have absolutely nothing to do with mprinter other than being a very early $400 unfulfilled backer and a guy who has seen first hand how Andy drops the ball on his promises to complete projects... Oh and he still owes me a lot of money on top of all of that... Why not dig up that lawsuit instead? @Kevin Cooney Thanks! Well it seems Andy wanted to shaft Arlo for a while before he resigned iCall on September 19th 2012. Initially Arlo was all OK and happy for Andy to use whatever iCall company assets to develop the mPrinter, given that iCall was sinking. Then came this kickstarter both Arlo and Andy saw the potential when the amount reached over $88K and Arlo served the notice (September 18th 2012) claiming full or partial ownership of mPrinter. That was just 4 days after the funding period ended (September 13th 2012). Given the project raised so much money and since Arlo was shafting him instead, Andy resigned from iCall 1 day after Arlo served him the notice. Not that he wouldn't have otherwise. Andy did seem to work and develop on the mPrinter for a while after that along with Kalynn Tupa (his wife), as they were doing so even before the kickstarter project, but presumably all the legal fees in this lawsuit with Arlo which has being going on till present must have consumed much of the $88K. That aside presumably he might have had other expenses along the way, mPrinter-related or not, and also he has a family to feed (obviously). His wife seems pretty high maintenance as far as I can tell. So, it doesn't take that long for the $88K to be spent really, let alone the $10K that he initially thought he'd need. Our "friend" Arlo on the other hand, he backed the project to keep himself in the loop of what was happening and went into stealth mode, given the lawsuit. He thought he would recoup more that what he pledged anyway! So yeah you can say the project was doomed from the start. Potentially Andy might have shipped all the mPrinters if it weren't for Arlo and all this legal shenanigans. The bottomline is though they both stayed silent all this time and this is as good as lying effectively. Arlo as a pretentious backer and Andy as the project owner. Andy stayed silent, lied to us about the shipping and at this point I think he just doesn't give a damn to make this right anymore. I guess, that's what happens when you mix money with greedy people. Skypax, that was some amazing investigative work. So there's a good chance this legal action is the reason there has been no activity on this project? That would explain a lot. COMMON ALL BACKERS. We are 705 people (-Arlo). Use "the force" and help us all out so we can get our money back. It can't be only 3-4 people doing all the work! Let's get things moving! It is now or never...it been a year already! Arlo “Gilbert” you must have been enjoying this for a while now, weren't you? Not anymore I suppose...blame Snowden for the "leak"! (same to you too Andy) Were you really hoping to get your "fair share" of the $88,018+ pie? Greedy. <url>’s Claim of Ownership of mPrinter ------------------------------------- In July 2012, Muldowney generally discussed his idea regarding mPrinter with iCall’s founder and president, Arlo Gilbert (“Gilbert”). Because Muldowney considered Gilbert to be his friend, he continued to update him from time to time regarding the status of mPrinter, including the fact mPrinter raised over $80,000 through its Kickstarter™ campaign. During their informal conversations and communications about mPrinter, Gilbert did not raise any objection to the project. In mid-August 2012, Muldowney advised Gilbert that mPrinter was making use of a server in the iCall data center to host mPrinter’s website and Gilbert confirmed that he had no objection to it. On September 18, 2012, Gilbert put Muldowney on notice that iCall claimed ownership of part or all of mPrinter. Gilbert also advised Muldowney that he would be required to tell any potential investors that iCall had made a claim to ownership of part or all of mPrinter. As evidenced by the September 18, 2012 communication from Gilbert to here is a present and actual controversy between mPrin ter and iCall regarding whether iCall owns any interest in mPrinter. For the rest go read the case :) (There is a reason why MR “Gilbert” played the silent game) Right so a lot of progress within the last hour or so. <url>’s salary was eliminated, except for a small sum that was sufficient to cover his health insurance. On September 19, 2012, Muldowney terminated his employment relationship with iCall. In or around the month of June 2012, Muldowney came up with an idea to develop a small, portable thermal printer that prints dynamic snippets of information from mobile devices, web pages, or content generated from a cloud-based Javascript application. In his spare time, Muldowney developed software for the mPrinter, designed the mPrinter device, and developed a business plan to sell the mPrinter to consumers and businesses. In July 2012, Muldowney formed mPrinter. In August 2012, Muldowney launched a fundraising campaign on the crowd-funding website, Kickstarter. mPrinter’s goal was to raise $10,000 to fund manufacturing of mPrinter devices. mPrinter achieved its fundraising goal in less than 48 hours and eventually raised over $80,000 from pledges made in connection with the Kickstarter™ campaign. This keeps getting more and more interesting <url>#gid=0 but I can't tell how complete the list is. :( Can someone in US take some legal actions to contact Andy? (I am not in US or I'll do it myself, in my country we do have public servants handle this kind of stuff before both parties decide to go to the court) It looked like there is no way we can contact him according to previous comments. This is so ridiculous. I don't believe he doesn't have a second to post something to explain the situation. This is not the way doing things. I am also wondering how many people actually receive their mprinter since his latest update on Aug 20. (there are 706 backers!) Those numbers come up dead as well Can all backers that have received their mPrinter (if any) or received a notification of their mPrinter being shipped for OCTOBER only (not September) please post a comment here and let us know so we can see what's happening? Thanks. Here's another phone number: (214) 823-3660 I don't find any other information. Maybe contact the Co-Founder of iCall LLC? His full name is Andrew H Muldowney. Did someone try to call his neighbours? WhitePages.com gives some suggestions about people he may know. He currently lives in Katy, TX. He founded iCall Inc. with Arlo C. Gilbert. I've found another phone number from Andy: +1.3773040 Can someone try it there? Thumbs up Andy! lol <url>"trying to reach out to Andy, and see what we can do." His FB profile <url>"custom wire harnesses" he created manually before realizing that it wasn't viable? I also would speculate that he's out of KS money, and probably has some other form of full-time employment now. Finally, I have a feeling he's burnt out on the project, hence the lack of updates, and the non-working mPrint manage site. So we may get the mPrinters, but unless we get him to publish the source of the mPrint manage site and other code, my prediction is that we're looking at paperweights (unless @badger and the others on his forum can cook up something. No pressure, guys.) Mostly, I just want closure at this point. I'm fine with chalking this up to a Kickstarter gamble gone bad, but what's bothering me is the not knowing. Hm.. did somebody received his/her mPrinter lately? Or Andy stopped shipping KS rewards at all? So just went to check my status again....now it says there's no record of me ever backing. I even have an account tied to it which I can log into, but it still shows no Kickstarter reward record. This bodes well... @ Kevin and everyone interested no I am a "regular backer". No delivery so far. I am consiedering legal actions now. Unfortunately I am only familar with the laws and "legal actions" in my home country. It will be a challenge :) Letter I just sent to Andy. I'm dead serious, he will not get away with this, we may not get all of our money back due to legal fees, but I can assure you Andy will not simply get away with stealing our $88,000 dollars. Hello Andy, After attempting to contact you and attempting to find a peaceful resolution to receive my printer and having received no response I visited the KickStarter page where I saw many other contributors who have experienced the same problem. I’ve since began to collect contact information from the 706 other contributors, most all of whom have not received their printers. Quite a number have provided me their contact information, and I’ll continue to reach out and collect it from them. At some point, I’ll reach a critical mass where I’ll contact both KickStarter and independent legal counsel for civil action connected to defrauding backers of $88,000 dollars. I can assure you, I will do everything in my power to have you pay for what at this point amounts to theft. I’ll also be reaching out to the district attorney’s office in your home town in an effort to have you charged with criminal theft. Sincerely, Frank Walsh POSTED 3 TIMES TO MAKE SURE EVERYONE SEES IT. Ok, I've emailed Andy Muldowney regarding this project as I had purchased this device in connection with my job. Still, having received no response, and having seen no updates I too suggest legal action. Please use this form to help me build a list I can take to a legal firm to discuss. <url>"in production" now. I told Andy that I will take legal actions if he does not deliver the product untill october 14th. May be that made him care a little bit. Or he is trying to justify the delay. My status is still unassigned... I paid for a battery too, I'd love to know how many of these are shipping. I'm backer # 129 and its been over a year since he's gotten the money. @Kevin: Please, make it public. ;) I was going to be snarky and create a public mPrint called "Days Since the Last mPrinter Kickstarter Update", showing a counter since the last update. But, of course, the manage.themprinter.com site is not working properly again, and I can't even view my little prank to see if it works. @Bill: As for the purpose of the sheet. To be honest I'm not that sure myself, but the idea was to see how the progress of delivery is going on. If anybody has some idea how to improve it to make it more helpful/understandable/just better feel free to do that. ;) From the printrbot project (<url># 630 and have heard nothing. I assume you just want to find where the line is for completed deliveries... right? @Justin: question is, if it will work. I think most people will not either notice it's existence or just simply donth bother with filling it. @badger That doc I think will be really helpful should Kickstarter listen to any of us. Good idea. I'll update my section when I hope on my laptop tomorrow. if interested you can try to update the list here: <url>#gid=0 I'm also a "Early Bird" backer and my order is also still in 'Pending assignment' ... Nope, I'm an early backer, still nothing. My order is still in 'Pending assignment'... Hmm, so.. about 200 printers are finished from the time he announced shipping, that means about all "early backers" should have their printer at home or on the way. Is it so? Or were most of these 200 sold outside KS? Yesterday's reply from Andy to my e-mail: " We will be posting a Kickstarter update in the next few days. Currently, production is much lower than we'd like at about 40 units per week. We make them all in-house. We've located a local vendor to assist with production, and plan to have some aspects of the assembly outsourced resulting in doubling or tripling our output. Hopefully this will start in about two weeks. Thanks for your patience, and I will get you more detailed information as soon as possible. " when you click on Andy's profile photo it says that the last time he logged into kickstarted was in August 19. Meanwhile I'm checking in every day to see if he has an update for us.... Interestingly enough, I emailed Andy again from a new email address and pretended that I was a potential customer looking to purchase two mprinters with questions. Sure enough, I got a reply from him. He has ignored nearly a dozen of my previous emails asking about an update. As soon as I responded back asking about shipping updates and how horrible it is that he will respond to potential new customers and not to his backers, I received no further replies. I was forward, but not rude by any means in my reply. He has no reason not to reply, other than the fact that he is unprofessional and apparently money-hungry. @spongefile: Hm, what do you mean by "software". The web page maybe did receive some update, but the printer quite often "dies" (powers off) in the middle of the print, or screws the print if some packet get lost on the way (might be a design flaw , most likely the simple ehternet stack in the wifi module can't handle this correctly). Anyway I must admit that at the moment it "most of the time somehow works". I contacted Grand Street (who are watching this clusterfuck) and they said "The software does work and recently received a fairly robust upgrade." So IF we get our printers at some point, they may be more than door stops. Kickstarter replied to my mail saying: "Thanks for reaching out. When choosing to use Kickstarter to fund their creative project, a project creator retains 100% ownership of their work. This means that after the project's completion, they are free to do whatever they would like with their creative project. If you have questions or concerns regarding a specific project, it's worth reaching out to the project creator directly. To message a project creator, simply go to the project page and click on the "Contact me" link under the creator's name in the bio section." @Erik: the return address on the package was: Mprinter LLC 2209a Thornton Rd Austin, Texas 78704-4903 United States (same as on the mentioned page) @Daniel: Not that easy, I think you need to take some action, not only write in the comments. @everybody: Any experience with the refunds? What's the usual approach? Wouln't it be better to organize some group and act as a group? You can use for that the forum I created to chat about mPrinter: <url>"early alfa version" and requires some "GNU/Linux user" skills to get it work. Anyway anybody willing to join my work is welcome. ;) However.. the "arrow" on the map on that page seems somhow wrong. @Erik: It did. I'll try to remember and have a look when I came home. I think it was the same as listed here: <url>"A" and my status previously was "in production". After confirming my info, my status is now "Order confirmed, pending shipment". Hopefully it will ship soon and it will have the battery I ordered separately. I'd like others comments on this....... I retract my previous comment. Kickstarter might be liable for failed projects, since they profited from that failed project, IF they failed to provide reasonable checks and balances in permitting a failed project. In this case reasonable checks and balance might be requesting and reviewing, as an investor, the projects business plan and financial backing. The $88k funding from Kickstarter on the mPrinter can only account for a very small fraction of the expenses just for design, tooling and first shots. Where would this project be with only $10k, the initial project goal? Thoughts? The performance of this project will likely hurt Kickstarter's credibility. Kickstarter may not be liable, but they clearly are showing poor ethics if they are sitting back and doing nothing. I sent a note in to Kickstarter and got no reply. Without supporting programs and systems the mPrinter will effectively be a "brick" for us technical mortals. Andy appears to have civil and criminal liabilities. What is he thinking, by not communicating with his supporters? I might suggest, half kidding, that maybe this group should sponsor a new Kickstarter project that will create the legal framework for class action suits for use against failed Kickstarter projects (gross negligence, etc.). Any lawyers listening? @Mike: If you ever receive the mPrinter. Can you please take some photos how the battery is connected? I'd eventually like to add some battery to my mPrinter as well. Hi Andy, I am still awaiting my delivery which includes the two additional batteries you've already billed me for and received payment on. I just checked your backer shipping status site at <url>"We couldn't find any record of your pledge. Please check the email address and try again. If you continue to have issues, please contact us." I have yet to receive my two units with additional batteries, both of which you had no problem collecting payment for. Or have yet to receive any update on future shipping. I don't understand how you have no record of my reward when you're site listed my shipping address which I've been trying to contact you to change for months and shipping status as A as recent as a month ago. Please provide an update, or I will be forced to report you to Kickstarter and take the steps necessary to secure a refund from my credit company. Is he seriously selling these printers on <url>… I wrote letter to "Mr Muldowney" requesting him to deliver untill october 14th. Otehrwhise I will consider legal actions. I am guessing we may eventually get the printer, however if the software side doesn't get any support after all then the printer is useless,right? (I mean for people who don't program or any technical background to figure it out),now I really want to get my money back. :( @badger similar thing happened to me early on, although hasn't happened since and I'm quite happy with the quality of the prints so far. I'll post some pictures of what mine look like. Aaaaanybody willing to stop by the physical office? I'd be really interested to see how that goes oh well.... i guess i have to report another one then...darn might be last straw to kickstarter... Just a remark.. it's not only about hardware but about software as well. :( @spongefile I have no idea what is going on. I haven't spoken to him in a year. I filed a dispute with Amex when he started selling the printers via Grand St. He had the audacity to refute my dispute saying "Backers were never promised a delivery date". Once I got Amex to actually go read the comments and look at the "Estimated Delivery Date" i got my money back. I backed early on because it was supposed to be a little side project that my friend was starting. My personal unprofessional opinion is that he suffers from extreme ADD and probably has 10 other side projects he is now working on instead of doing the "boring work" of assembling and shipping your printers. Based on my conversations early on, he is also very aware of how hard it will be for all of you to get your money back more than 6 months after the transaction. I'm surprised nobody has walked into their local police department and filed theft charges. Backers paid for this hardware ahead of time, Andy is in possession of something you own (your printers) and he's selling them to other people. <url>"That's all I have to say about that". Good luck, my only advice is to call your credit card company, if you can't get your money back, file a police report. @MaxB: About the confirmation code.. Today morning (aroun 7:00 CEST) I managed to register the printer on the page. But the printing is still crappy: <url>"try email", but he doesn't respond on most emails either. But at least it seems that he reads at least some of the emails. What frustrates me the most is the lack of communication. I'm in "Group A" but it's still showing "in production" yet on the website the mPrinter's are "in stock." I emailed 11 days ago for status and have yet to receive a response. Please step up the communication! Andy, if you read this, I'd like to point you to this FAQ: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Unbelievable how disappointing this project has become. Andy really should be ashamed of himself. @spongefile: In the terms of use is written: Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. So I guess you need to wait until Andy procudes all the mPrinters for KS Backers that he decides are in the queue before you. Anyone know the process for getting a refund? not sure if really useful and maintainable.. but it may ease the waiting for others: <url>"does one mean a black or white pixel" or bit order in the bytes send to the printer: <url>"a .c file". And just feed it as bitmap through the TCP socket to the printer. :) and.. I must apologize to my girlfriend for more or less ignoring her for most of the evening. :) <url>"Sorry, user mailbox cannot hold more messages." :( @badger - Then the webViewDidFinishLoad method. Basically HTML is rendered in an image that is then dithered and send to the printer as 2-bit data stream. Same with me. @Max B.: I did. Problems are that.. 1) I didn't have much time so far. 2) I'm not that familiar with the object language used. 3) Quite a lot of "TODO" especially in this method, quite a few comments on the other side. I know how how the data are send to printer. I have to find out how the data for the printer are "created". Give that some time. I have a deadline of project in my work soon, so no much time (and especially remaining power when I come from work) for this. ;) @badger - Did you take a look at the iOS source code I linked to below yet? The file you'd be interested in is mPrinter.m, specifically the sendData method. Please keep us updated on any progress with that confirmation code bug… @Tim: First I wrote an email (around noon of Andys time). After your message I tried to use "report a bug". Nothing happend so far. :( I hope I'll be able dig enough information from the "just a test version" poorly commented code for iOS. So far I used telnet and connected to the port 9100 on the printer and typed some random characters. The printer printed... "one dot high line of garbage". :) @badger did you Report a bug on the website? Andy appears to be reading them. Still nothing on my end and more ignored emails from Andy. Doesn't sound like it would do any good even if I did have it as it appears to be a cluster to setup and use. @Max B.: More or less the same for me, I enter the serial code, the mprinter prints confirmation code, I enter it into the box, click confirm, but nothing happens and the window remains open :( After opening the package with mprinter I just picked at the post and reading the only paper that came with it I decided created this wiki: <url>… @badger - <url>… @Tim @badger Yeah, all I can see is the Javascript API documentation, but nothing that reveals what code is actually inside of the "mprint" object. From what I can tell, he had planned so that everything (including the eventual iPhone app) would still have to go through his servers before it reached the printer. I was just wondering if anybody had started working on bypassing or duplicating his servers, yet. @Tim: About the "necessary API for creating your own iOS app", where can it be found? I'd be interested to have a look at it. Can you please send some link? The only think I found are some incomplete instructions about creating java script for creating "mPrints".(<url>… Found instructions and S/N print where you said. Now trying to add my printer to my account… Oh just saw your other post Max, I had a little trouble with the confirmation code too. Make sure everything is written case sensitive, all uppercase. I found there was a bit of a delay between printing the verification code and the website accepting it. Just keep trying and at some point maybe about a minute or so, it will accept it and register your printer. Good luck! @Max B you've opened it upside down mate. I did the same, underneath all that lift out the cardboard and you will find an mPrint with your serial number and a page of instructions. Mine is working fine, Andy has added some cool new features to the quick mPrint options such as shopping list, todo and driving directions. Is the mprinter website accepting the confirmation code for anyone? It's constantly rejecting mine… This is getting annoying....early bird backer and still nothing! No comments from Andy...I find that very disrespectful! I won't be involved in any of Andy's future endeavours...in fact pretty much done with KS altogether. Its becoming more of a scam these days as a few big projects have turned into Vapour....don't get me wrong I expect delays just as I expect proper COMMUNICATION! Just received my early bird Kickstarter edition printer in Germany today. Here are some photos of the contents of the package: <url>"Processed through USPS Sort Facility" on 6th September,) and out of the communication with Andy (we exchanged few mails because of some problems with my address) I don't think he would borther with all those mails to fool me. I think he is really doing what he can to ship all the printers. Unfortunatelly he doesn't realize how important is to communicate with the backers. :( I lost connection somehow... Has anyone recieved the product yet? Trackingnumbers do not help, because it is easy to register a package without actually shipping it Hey, mPrints are working again from the manage.themprinter.com site! I just received my mPrinter!!.... no, I'm just kidding... still in "Pending assignment / Pending production". I'm patient, I knew risks and challenge of this kickstarter project, but for me the "cool effect" of this little printer gone. So, let's waiting for delivery. Cool, I just got tracking number of the package with my mPrinters from Andy. In the email Andy apologized for the delay because of family issues that came up. Let's hope that it will get better soon. Still no movement on my mprinter and still no response to my multiple emails. @Mike: as far as I understand that, once Andy somehow (sorry for "somehow" but I don't know anything about the proccess) decides that it's your turn he will send you an email requesting address confirmation (and there is link when you can confirm address or send email to Andy with a new one). Until that I'll not be worried about an incorrect address. ;) This is a follow up to a Comment and Email sent in mid-August in regards to updating my shipping information. I still have yet to receive a reply as to how to make sure you will be shipping to the correct address and just checked the page on your site for backers and the address has still not been updated there either. My shipping group is A and my status still reads as "in production." Can I please get an update on how to get you my right address for shipping? And see below for my original post. - - - Mike Ruiz on Aug 19 Hi Andy, Thanks for the email about deliveries coming soon. I had written to <email> with a note to update my shipping address a couple weeks ago and never got a reply or confirmation. I also just logged into your site to check my delivery status and the address hasn't been updated there or offer any way to change it. Can you get back to be before you start shipping to make sure my printers get to where they are supposed to go? Thanks. @Tim: I don't say Andy is not doing anything. I'm just trying to point out that the priorities seems wrong to me. I think that Stelios said it nicely. Btw: Andy wrote me Fridays( around 10 a.m. Andys time), that they have some problem with online generation of labels with my address and need to go to the post office. Additionaly he wrote me that they will go there that day and will try to get me the tracking information as soon as possible. (no more information from that time so far) My status still says pending production even though they are sell in their store and show a status of "in stock" Well the problem is, it's been a year now since we all pledged for this and we are 4 months already past the promised due date. The "cool factor" for the device has already started to fade if not gone completely (at least personally). All nice and dandy but he should have anticipated all that and had a proper team to deal with all the workload. Even if he actually started shipping now, it means nothing really if he ships only 5 mPrinters once a week or something...you can only imagine when all the 706 backers will be served eventually. Let alone if he is delivering to people outside Kickstarter too that bought it from the site or elsewhere. And again there is no excuse to not provide frequent updates and replies to people at this stage. @Tim Lomas: No offence, but you just got your notification e-mail and thus you speak from the safe side now. I doubt you were that relaxed beforehand? By the time you receive it and you're are just gonna stare at it without being able to use the mPrints on the site...then we'll see. Guys he is now shipping, I just got my shipping notification and tracking number. Lets just chill for a while, Andy is obviously very busy working on the multitude of things to get this over the line right at the end. Building units, Mobile App, Web App, I don't think he has a huge team working on this. During beta testing he was always quite responsive and happy to talk I'm sure there is a reasonalble explaination for everything. Ha good find on the phone number! He only mondays replied on my email about address update, that it was changed (twice, an error sneked in while fixing shipping address) and promised that the printer will be shipped next day. I asked today morning with email (for me, for Andy in the middle of the night) how is it with shipping of my printer but except the message mentioned above no reply. In the footer of his email is a phone number (+1 (512) 222-5533) maybe someone little bit closer to him might try to call him and ask for some informations. ;) @badger Have you tried following up with Andy? He is still ignoring all of my emails. hm.. maybe I was too optimistic, it's about 85 hours after the address confirmation request, about 70 hours after andy corfimed shipping next day. and still nothing happens. :( I don't think that it will be shipped without noticing me or changing the status on the mprinter page. hm, seems like the 48hours and "shipping tomorrow" was another broken promis. :( I still don't understand what is Andy hiding. Why can't he find a few minutes to explain all and play straight. I believe I had the very last early bird spot when I became a backer. My status is still the same. Hopefully yours reaches you soon. @Joe: Yes, and I tried to write some mPrints and reported some issues in the mPrinter management page. I expect I'm one of the first, but I believe not the last. ;) @badger Were you an early bird? Damn, forget to mention the most important. Andy promised that mine will be shipped tommorow (Tuesday 27th). Seems like things are moving forward. I'll let you know once it arrives to Czech Republic. Hmm, seems promising. Andy replied to my email about address change and two instead one mPrinters. Maybe the team overcome some "big problem" and is starting to respond at least on the "most urgent" emails. Wow.. I just received an email requesting "confirmation of informations". But.. I pledged some extra money for second mPrinter and already twice wrote About the address changes and non of these is in the mail. I'm starting to be worried that only one mPrinter instead of two will arrive on the old address where nobody can pick it up. :( Let's see how it evolves. @Stelios "Basically there is the change (chance) we might get our mPrinters and not being able to do anything with it like the message below from J Welch confirms." That's my concern as well!!! I don't want to drop a conclusion so soon, but this is likely to happen,considering Andy didn't even take a few minutes to reply here (doesn't have to answer everyone who posted,at least let us know how things are going, it's not that hard, isn't it?) Even so, it seems to me that there have been potentially unforeseen issues with the production of the mPrinters or even functionality-wise which might explain why he is laying low all this time. Basically there is the change we might get our mPrinters and not being able to do anything with it like the message below from J Welch confirms. Again, I hope to be proven wrong. If everything goes according to plan there there is no reason why he wouldn't communicate with anyone. Hello, I have recieved an email from outfit calling themselves e. They wish to remain anonymous. The following us the contents of that email: "I pre-ordered my mPrinter on Andy's webpage after the Kickstarter funding period ended. I now actually got the mPrinter here at home. It seems to work. My problem at the moment is that I can't connect it to my home network through Andy's IP that he provides for this purpose. I contacted Andy about this bug a few days ago but did not get a reply yet. So, I can't tell you yet if the printer is working well or not. Bottom-line: The printer exists and is also getting shipped. There are just a lot of issues that still have to be resolved." Take that and draw the conclusions you will. For Kicksarter everything is fine as long as Andy publishes regular updates. I have not heard about anyone who has recieved an mprinter. He did not tell us what he did withe the money during the last month. So I agree with Stelios. On the other hand I do not think that it is a fraud. It would be too easy to initiate legal actions.... Following the recent update, if anyone will receive that notification e-mail prior to shipping or in fact if anyone receives their mPrinter at all, it would be a good idea to let everyone else here know about it Given the utter silence by Andy so far and complete lack of communication with the backers I cannot help but feel that no one will ever receive an mPrinter. I hope I'll be proven wrong, but the last update felt somewhat impersonal and just an attempt to calm the crowds down. Or buying more time if you will. @kevin I confirm this as well. Is anyone else able to preview/queue mprints on the manage.themprinter.com site? It hasn't been working for me for over a month. I just get an "Adding to Print Queue" progress bar that never gets past about the 30% mark. I'm unable to work on my mprints. Hi Andy, Thanks for the email about deliveries coming soon. I had written to <email> with a note to update my shipping address a couple weeks ago and never got a reply or confirmation. I also just logged into your site to check my delivery status and the address hasn't been updated there or offer any way to change it. Can you get back to be before you start shipping to make sure my printers get to where they are supposed to go? Thanks. @Arlo I'm not hard to find. My radio station is added as a link on my profile, and I think that's how he got my email. I am really disappointed as to the lies and misinformation that have been provided as of the last few weeks. Everything was going so well, what went so wrong? @Joe: I get some response from Kickstarter as well. They more or less told me the same but promised that they will try to contact Andy on behalf of us and tell him that we're looking for some informations about what's going on. Maybe multiple questions about the same project helped. :) I received a response back from Kickstarter. They pretty much told me I am SoL. Since Andy "recently" updated they won't even make an attempt to try and contact him. Starting to sound more and more like we may have been scammed. Totally disappointed in this project, Andy stop ignoring your backers. Jamie, how did he get your email from the post below? Following my post below, I got an email from a James Williams. He can't post because he didn't back, but he wanted to let the backers know that those who bought through the website aren't getting their mPrinters either. He ordered on June 19th, it said 3-5 days to ship, but he still does not have it. So apparently Andy is flat out lying on the website also. I am really interested in finding out why the hell he is shipping to newcomers on his website and leaving us in the dust. We fronted the $88,000 to get his business off the ground! @Joe: Thanks for info, request for help to get some info from Andy sent to KS team, Let's wait for reaction. <url>#GettRewa Scroll to the bottom where it says "Contact Us." From there, select the pledge in question and fire away. Hm, I think I have the same question. Which "channel" to use to ask kickstarter for help? @ Joe Which "channel" did you use to contact kickstrater? The "report" button? Andy is back to not responding to me as well it seems. I've contacted kickstarter for help but they haven't responded. At this stage maybe it will help of others contact them too. Any update? or are we SOL? I just wrote down the following (cut&paste) and send it from i a different email address.. let's see, what happens. Hi Andy, just a few notes about the ingnoring of the Kickstarter backers. 1) No problem if you run out of money and sell some mPrinters in order to have some money, but you need to clearly communicate that ;) 2) It's really essential in the final parts of the project to report regullary, If you don't report on a regular base the backers get's impatient and are loosing trust in you. Especially If you promis something at certain date, that date passes and you say nothing. It will be 100% better if you admit you didn't manage it, apologize and give us a reason for delay and updated plan. Everybody understands that you are doing it first time and that a lot of things can (and does) go wrong. ;) You just need to keep the backes informed that they feel that they know "what's going on". 3) Most important with this "ingoring" you are scaring away the comunity that was willing to help more or less for free (In order to just support o good project) in order to have more usable project. For example me, I was already studying how the CUPS in Linux works in order to be able to create a driver that will allow to use mPrinter just as a regular printer in Linux. I really doubt I'll be willing to continue on this work in future. Because I don't really want to support a project that doesn't care about the supporters. As for 3). Do you remember the printrbot kickstarter project? In the end Brook ended with ignoring the backers and their problems as well (e.g. I never got the parts that missing in the kit I received,even after several mails, I never got any word of apologies about that, not talking about the missing parts Brook promised on the web he will send to everyone for free). With all the disappointment form this "not comunicating creator" I didn't even finish the assembly tutorial I was writing for the mprinter. (I just don't care anymore). Moreover I lost the enthusiasm for "fine tuning" of the printrbot and it's just "standing in the edge" and I'm improving my Thing-O-Matic and building Prusa Mendel. Please don't let the mPrinter get to this stage? Best regards, Stepan (Badger) PS: Sorry for the different email address. I just wanted to increase the chance you will read this. ;) Disappointed. Moreover when the project started and was running I planed to offer some help and try to write some driver for the printer to use it as a regular printer.. but after all this I must say I'll most likely don't care to help. To be honest I'm not sure if Andy is aware that he's scaring away all the people that was willing to form a supporting comunity. Maybe somebody should tell him, but I'm not sure if It makes any sense to write him an email. :( Hmm.. what are the options? I'm not sure if we have any way to "force" Andy to talk with us? Is here someone with some experience about that? May it help to ask Kickstarter team for help? Honestly, at this stage Im not sure if Andy just doesn't care enough to respond, or if he realizes how screwed up this mess has become and hopes he can just stay quiet and it will all blow over. The $10,000 goal was estimated to be delivered by October 2012. I think that was farfetched even with the $10,000 goal. But here we stand almost halfway through August of the following year and we can't even get a response from him. "Most orders will not have estimated ship dates until we have a stabilized daily output number over the coming 1-2 weeks." We are into the 3rd week now. Does anyone have any update if they check their shipping status? Im willing to bet they are all still probably the same. It sounds to me like every mPrinter he assembled that was air shipped was probably sold for extra cash, none of them going to Kickstarter backers. Now those "sea freight" ones are being assembled and I wouldn't be surprised if those were being sold for extra funds as well. If the "less than 10% of our production" comment about being sold to non-kickstarter backers was true, then than means several of these should be in the hands of backers. What a joke. I asked Andy why he is ignoring kickstarter comments and messages. No reply. Did anybody tell kickstarter about this mess? I will not accept this situation. And nothing after another 2 weeks If you checked out the mPrinter store page <url>"in stock" and "Due to the current high demand of this product, please allow 3-5 business days for shipping." So what's all about the Kickstarter rewards?? It looks like the new status has been introduces to calm people down for a while. I wonder if we ever get any reward. Join the club. As an early bird as well im no better off. The last few months have become a real disappointment for this project. I'm an Early Bird backer so should get my mprinter before everyone else but my "Shipping Group" status still shows "Waiting for assignment". @Oliver: nope, the same as Keagan wrote shows for me as well. @ Keagan mine shows the same status. Anyone with a diffrent status? Mine shows "Shipping group: A Status: In production" I wonder how many are in a shipping group. Nope, my status shows the same. Sorry, <url>"Waiting for assignment; In production" on <url>"Adding to Queue..." I reported it as a bug. Been over a month since the last update. No update as he said he would, so here is the conversation I had: "I respond to many messages each day, including from Kickstarter backers. We'll be doing a Kickstarter update today or Monday. As in the previous update, we are awaiting the full shipment of cases in order to fulfill all Kickstarter orders. In addition to the inherent delays of going from an initial goal of $10,000 and a 100 printers to over 700 printers, we have had some minor production issues we have been ironing out of the past 3-4 weeks. With regards to the direct sale of printers in addition to Kickstarter, I feel some context is necessary. Since last September, this has been my full time job and sole source of income. In addition to the Kickstarter funds raised, I have put more than that amount of my own money into this project. Less than 10% of our production is allocated to new orders, but they are necessary in order to sustain and support the business operations and overhead. Early on when it was clear the project was going to be a success, I had to decide whether to go the cheaper route on many elements or pick the best option or solution possible - which is what we did. While this has added some delays, I feel it's more than reflected in the end result. Again, we'll be posting an update today or Monday for all Kickstarter backers. I welcome anyone to email me directly, and I normally reply to emails within an hour if it's during the day. I appreciate your message and feedback. Reflecting briefly on your message, I think the best option is to setup a section on our site and go ahead and assign each Kickstarter backer a production queue slot so they have an ETA on their device. Even though it will be hard to give an exact date, we can estimate it based on their position in the queue. As batches are shipped, the ETA for their slot will be updated. We'll get that setup and prepare an update with the information." If Andy doesn't post an update by the end of the day today like he said he would I will share the email he sent me. Regardless of wether they had to start selling them to the public or not to generate more $$... one can't help but feel like the Kickstarter community is being ignored. I attempted to contact him from 2 email addresses over a 3 week period of time on multiple occasions requesting a shipping update. All of my emails were ignored. The fact that I sent an email out from a 3rd email address requesting information about the product as a potential future customer and received a response back in 5 minutes is just downright wrong. It sounds to me like maybe he was hoping he could keep things quiet and start selling to the public without Kickstarter catching on so fast. This certainly isn't the first project Ive backed where that has happened, so I can't say Im surprised. What aggravates me is that every one of those projects has done that exact same thing - left the community clueless as to what is going on and tried to do it under the radar. A simple update with the facts would have sufficed. Doesn't mean I wouldn't have been disappointed, but at least level with the people that not only made your project a reality, but did so with an additional $78,000 more than what you were hoping for. I've got to say was pretty bummed when I saw Grand St post an instagram photo of the mPrinter and telling people that they were now available to the public when we hadn't recieved ours or an update. I think we've been quite a patient bunch of backers when you look at other projects which are only months behind and on the cusp of delievering the product and people are still constantly hounding them and sending threatening messages/emails/phone calls. We're almost a year late and feel we've all been very supportive and understanding with Andy and the team only to be slapped in the face right at the end. Agreed. Has anyone ever received theirs of the Kickstarter backers? They had an $ 10,000 goal. Backers pledged $88,000. And now there is no money left?? It would be ok for me with an explanation. Ignoring backers is not cool at all. I figured that would be the case. Essentially they ran out of $ and had to start selling them to support the Kickstarter run. Interestingly, these just went on sale on Grand St (a curated storefront) today for $5 more than the Kickstarter price. <url>"Ships for free in the U.S. In Stock. Orders placed before 12pm EST Mon-Fri ship same day. " I'm hoping this doesn't mean that backers are being pushed further back just because there's no hard shipping date requirement for Kickstarter. As an aside, anyone having trouble getting the mPrint site to generate previews? Joe, would be great if you'd share the e-mail here. Nice detective work, Joe! I was able to get an email trail going with Andy once I had his attention from my previous email. He stated he will be posting an update today or on Monday. I will let him provide most of the context since he seems to want to clarify some things. The "Reader's Digest" version of it is that things have fallen a bit behind and there were more delays. Some new orders are being fulfilled in front of Kickstarter backers (10% or less according to him) to help "sustain and support the business operations and overhead." So for those of you, especially early birds, waiting patiently (and somewhat impatiently) as I am for an update, hopefully he will follow through and provide more details. mPrinter store says "Due to the current high demand of this product, please allow 3-5 business days for shipping." Come one, you started shipping to people outside KS? :O Been trying to make payment for battery but not able to do so. Something is wrong. Just so you guys are aware - emails still are going unanswered with regard to shipping. I came up with an interesting idea, however - I had my wife send an email off asking about features of the device saying that she was looking to purchase one. She received a reply in less than 5 minutes. So it appears that emails from Kickstarter backers are simply going unanswered. Oh come on... "In stock"? <url>"Few Weeks" and no updates :'(? @Bill: Quite common print subsystem in UNIX like systems. <url>"CUPS"? @Bill: I really hope for that. Moreover I hope there will be some "not that" hard way to create a driver for CUPS for the mPrinter. Has anyone thought of or considered the capability of the mPrinter as a label maker? With a change of tape this seems like a natural. Andy, With delivery just around the corner, can you give us an update on the software and apps so we can use our mPrinters when we get them. Thanks @Solardave1: I wish it to Andy, he difinitively deserves it. I was "just unpatient and courious". ;) But I hope that he wan't leave without posting an update. Maybe he took the family on another vacation. again the unpatient quiestion: it's two weeks from the last update.. any news about the injection molding? <url>#15. As It is two cells and I see only two wires.. How do you handle the "unbalancing" of the cells? Do you have some "balancer" for that directly in the battery? btw. I just "fight" with two cell LiPO battery handling in one of my own projects. (That's the reason why so many questions. ;) ) The dutch postal service seems to have the same rules for lithium batteries as USPS. The battery along with international (courier-only) shipping works out almost the same as the cost of one mPrinter. Which is totally absurd considering the project received in excess of $70,000 from the original target and also like Andy mentioned this is not a user installable option so one can choose to buy later on. Most people would go for the battery add-on but not at this price! Andy maybe you should cover at least half of that courier shipping from the $70,000 given that this is almost the end of April and we should have had our units well over 2 months ago? Feel bad for the only backer that pledged $1000 and like he mentioned himself received nothing so far...(since last November that is). Andy, A few backers, including me, posted some questions about the battery to the last update. Will you be answering those soon? Should we repost them to the comments section, or maybe just send them to you directly? OK, did the "Contact me" kickstarter message a few days ago :) Direct message meaning the kickstarter "Contact me" or an email? Hello, how can i get the Battery for the MPrinter? I live in Germany. Should i send you an Email, or over the Shop? i just tried to order the battery and get the same message: Coupon code "kickstarter" is not valid. When I enter the code for shipping and to include in the regular shipment it comes back as an invalid code number. Please advise. Hi Andy, any news about the final samples? In the update #13 you was expecting them in the last week. I am not sure what I am going to use this for, I pledged to this project on a lark. But now as we get closer to delivery I am really excited about how this developed and the many ideas people have suggested. mPrinter gets cooler and cooler by the minute. Hi Andy, Thanks for your previous reply, great! I'm currently working on an mPrint I'd like to use with my website: when is it possible to externally post data to an mPrint and have my CMS push data to an mPrint? I don't know much about programming, but I always thought as cool feature could be, having the possibility to plug the mPrinter at your office, or at your home, and being able to send a message through email or network (in case its the office) If you want to give someone a message, e.g. a phone number, an address, an instruction, etc. If someone could program this, I would appreciate it very much!... anyway, its just something would be useful to me!... Its looking great! Cant wait! Hi Andy! Thanks for the updates, it's great to see things moving, I can only hope that the injection molding is going as planned from now on. Can you give us some information on what paper to use? You mentioned 3" head, and when you want to use normal thermal paper, you just cut some off. I'm already looking for a good deal on some thermal paper (yes, probably getting ahead of things) and found out it's quite easy to get 80x80x12 (cm, I'm from Europe) rolls. Will these work? @Andy, I wanted one of both WiFi and USB (No pledge for that so we discussed this via the personal messages). One for my parents (the WiFi one) and the USB one for me for "playing". :) Hmm.. I have it about a year or two. Thanks for the info about the firmware. I'll definitely need to check that. ;) Hi Andy, yet another question from my side. :) Will the USB version have the same PCB as the WiFi one? I ask because I found a forgotten MRF24WB0MA module in my drawer last week and I was thinking if it will be possible to "improve" the USB version I'll get. it was a great video Andy thanks. @Andy: IMHO more smaller updates are much better than one big bunch of data. ;) Hy Andy! Is the video ready? :) @James and Joe: I'd say "be patient". So far Andy give us updates on montly basis thus I'd expect another update next week. ;) I agree. Can we get another update, please? The blog hasn't moved much in 3 weeks. Another update? Thanks for the update. Looking forward to receiving the mPrinter when you start shipping. Thanks for answer, and glad to see another update ! I can't wait to get mPrinter ;) Merry Chrismas Andy ! Andy, thanks for keeping us updated and Merry Christmas! Q: Will we be able to buy labels prior to shipping from you? If possible I'd personally be interested in printing wristbands with my mPrinter. E.g. the ZBand range available from Zebra. Any ideas? Great to hear, thanks for the update. Keep up the nice work Andy! Hi Andy, will you add others languages (french for exemple) for the UI ? It would be so cool ! ;) Give it a rest solardave, all you do is blather on about a stupid scamming conspiracy. We're months away from the goal and you're going to sue them and file criminal charges, good luck looking like an idiot. Only 24 hours left if you want to be included in the complaints being filed to recover your money. Please send any relevant info (amount pledged, name/contact info, etc) to <email>. The comlaints are being filed on Thursday with KS, Texas LE agencies, the Secret Service Economic Crimes Division and Amazon Payments. Note: you will be contacted directly by the attorney handling the civil action which is SEPERATE from the criminal complaints. Calm down, please... Andy just updated us two days ago (see 'Updates' tab above) and the product is far from being shipped (three months to go). I am confident we will get our mPrinters on time as well as frequent updates as we come closer to production and finally shipping. I am also hoping Andy has something special for us Kickstarter backers like a lifetime discount on spare parts and supplies... Yes, I would agree another update soon would be appreciated. Any news about how this project is progressing? oh boy, sometimes KS comments are nastier than YouTube.. All these conspiracy theories and nonsense just because the guy went TWENTY SEVEN days without an update? What do you expect, daily status reports, people? No, it doesn't take five minutes to provide an estimate. You have to organize the information, talk with other members, write the post, take pictures, crop the pictures, provide meaningful answers to people's questions, send to others for revision, revise again, take more pictures... Most KS projects are done by people with day jobs. Sometimes a couple of hours per week is not much more than what the person has available to work on the *entire* project. I'd much rather see them making steady progress (even if that means posts every other month or so), than frequent posts apologizing why the project is running late. Yes, deadlines WILL slip, projects WILL be delivered some (or several) months late, promises may not be fulfilled, there will be frustration. No KS project will ever be delivered on time. Either you understand this and stay patient and tolerant, or then KS is not really the place for you. Maybe you should just wait together with the mainstream population for products to show up at Amazon, and sleep well knowing that your package will be delivered in 2 days and you can easily return if you're not happy. @Solardave1: Boy, that escalated quickly.. And he's posted an update. Happy Solar? Best regards @Solar No one is going to start a kickstarter project and run off with a petty $88k and risk being chased by the US Gov. their entire live. He'd have to move to a different country, and it'd have to be one that wouldn't extradite him (most 1st world countries would). You really need to calm down, although I agree Andy should release an update now, slow updates are a part of most kickstarter projects. Well, he resigned from iCall, as you can see on his facebook page. I'm not that worried right now, but I've sent him a PM. I hope he will write a small update soon :) You are free to wait if you'd like but I did some checking and "Andy" is no longer with his company and was last heard planning a family vacation - he's gone and people who actually "know" him, have no idea where he is now. Do the math. Tried to raise 10k, found himself with nearly 90k. Andy sipping a drink on a beach. I have had KS projects that have been a month in between updates and there has always been a good reason. Maybe he's got family issues and he's not even thinking about this project right now, or maybe he'd marooned on a desert island until the next cruise ship passes by. I'm with Brendon in that I'm not worried since the delivery date is so far out at the moment. Sorry, correction ****. The correct email address is ksscammed at gmail dot com. Anyone who has finally come to the realization that Andy has decided that building Mprinetr's isn't as much fun as having 88,018 of your money to do what he wishes you contact KSScam AT gmail DOT com. Please provide your contact information and the amount you pledged and if possible any additional information. You will be contacted in an effort to recover your money through a criminal complain and civil lawsuit. Time is of the essence if you want to recover your money before it's all gone. I back a lot of KSprojects. It's Sally unacceptable to take 88 grand from people, commit to blogs, updates, communication and then fall off the planet. I'm a busy guy too - it takes 5 minutes out of your day to post something. If I don't hear something soon, I'll be perusing other remedies. I'm personally not upset since I believe I saw something mentioned of a possible March timeframe for delivery. Since nearly all of my Kickstarter funding campaigns have underestimated their perceived delivery time (and due to feedback from backers Andy was changing his hardware design), I'd imagine May, or even August is more likely. That being said, if another month goes by and we don't hear anything, then as non-traditional VCs I'd be more apt to hold him a bit more responsible for being active in communicating updates. I'd rather he be working on design/development than working on properly written updates. :) I believe he also has another full-time job and family, so... I'm just trying to be realistic. I'm a $125 backer. If I was one of the $400 or $1000 backers, then I'd be much more personally concerned. Why am I the only one upset that there's been no sign of Andy or an update or anything since October 3rd. Plenty of word from him when he was raising he 88 grand. Someone give Andy a call at iCall, (214) 377-3111. The stickers a going through QA and awaiting FCC certification. All the bugs have been identified and corrected so we're in the home stretch. Craps table most likely. Hmm the October is almost over.. Did somebody of the 21 people that pledged for schematics or sticker get anything from Andy? I was thinking Vegas. Ahh... New Mexico So where's Andy? @Solardave1: Andy wrote an update Oct. 03, check the Updates tab. But we should have had a new update ~8-10 days ago (according to the latest update). I mean the last time anyone heard from him was Sep. 12th. Did Andy up an vanish with the 80 grand? ping.. Hi Andy, any news? Hi Andy! Any news of the blog/photo's yet? Hi Andy: Can you provide some updates on the current status of the project? Thanks! Hi Andy, any news about the promised forum/wiki. What would it take to upgrade the printhead? I'm looking at getting a Dymo 450 with a 600x300 dpi resolution for $60, and was wondering if I could cannibalize it for use with the mPrinter. I think adding a USB to the unit could allow for easier "modules" to be added to the mPrinter. Like @Marc mentioned adding a microphone, instead of forcing Andy to try and add all the features we want, we could simply mod the unit by adding external devices like an Eyefi card(instantly print documents added to the card wirelessly), microphone(print sound timestamps), webcam(print motion detection time stamp) and probably a lot more. Thoughts on this guys? Am I way off in my science or is this feasible given the current hardware and firmware limitations? What's supported character set on mPrinter? I want to print Thai character :) Q: Can we buy accessories like batteries and labels prior to shipping so they can be delivered in one shipment? If possible I'd personally be interested in printing wristbands with my mprinter. E.g. the ZBand range available from Zebra. Any ideas? few month @.@ Add a microphone in there so we can print this : <url>— seems like we will have a RGB LED in our mprinters :-) @Max B.: I already give quite a lot. I hope I'll have something to eat until my next pay day. :) @Koen: Good to hear that I so far had not enough courage to even study it deeper. But anyway I'd vote for Cortex or AVR, but it's Andy's project and if he choose PIC (I'll believe he had a good reason for that.) I have no problem with that.. at least I'll be forced to learn how to program PICs on Linux. :) C'mon! 1k a day an we'll have that RGB LED :) @badger: most ARM ones are usually USB OTG, so they can be both. Having said that, USB hardware in those chips is a nightmare to get working :( @badger: Thanks for the response and I completely understand and agree. Just thought of it as being a possibility. eh.. sorry.. I don't want to say "Andy will be late." just.. "Most of the people will prefer Andy to take his time and make the printer perfect". @Tyler: The Kickstarter projects most usually ship their rewards later (unfortunatelly sometimes significantly later). That's the fact and you should expect that because of the nature of the projects (you dont buy goods, you support someones project and he ships you a "thank you" once he's done with the project). e.g. if you look at printrbot, i pledged for reward that should be shipped in march and received my bot at the end of june. That is absolutely normal. The people are developing the thing so there just are delay. Suppliers or manufacturer promise something, but don't fulfill that (you can't expect that because you never did similar job and have no previous experience with the suppliers), you find that something is fine on the prototype, but it can't work in the product, so you need to redesign that. Andy; Thanks for the response! I just ordered the WiFI model. The basic question still stands though: Can I print a Square receipt through this? Excited for this! This is the first project I am supporting. Could it, by any chance, be a possibility that the mPrinter is finished and ready to ship out sooner than February 2013? @Justin: I'm not sure if the MCUs that Andy is considering are able to act as the master on the USB. :( Hey Andy technically if you added USB in, not out, you could use the iPhone like a USB stick drive and print photos. For receipts, you could technically be super hacks and screencap the receipt in Square and print it as a photo. Just a thought on how to get around the horrible MFI Program (I'd know, I had to go through the Apple Licensing hell for a product) ATmega or ARM both have free compilers that run from the Linux command line. PIC appears to be non-free and Windows-only. Even if I personally used it, which I don't, that'd exclude quite a few hackers who refuse to touch M$ stuff. Networking: EtherSex works rather well IME. One more Idea. It's quite easy to interface the SD card. Maybe SD or microSD card slot can be also added. Just a thought most probabbly useless, but who knows, maybe someone can figure out a way in wich it may be useful. Hi, will it support 240v ? i dont know if its the same as 220v but in my country is 240v Only the WiFi model is compatible with their iPhone app (USB would require them to be in the MFi program and license Apples dock connector). So I'd be very interested if the printer was able to print out coupons (even better if I could do it in store). But from sites like coupons.com or the other locked down printing methods. Or print through square somehow while tied Printer -> USB -> Iphone- > Square App @Andy: So if I back the $80 one, could I conceivably put the battery in the printer, then connect the printer to my iPhone via usb and print through your app? Or is it only usb to computer? I have a question regarding AC power adapter. Does the adapter support 110-220VAC input? I mean where I live it's 220V. I could careless about a plug type which is an easy fix. "All mPrinter models have built-in charging circuitry and a battery compartment for an optional LiPo battery, which will be available for purchase separately after we have evaluated suppliers." I run an in-home computer support service, and I use my iPhone with Square for payment processing. I'd love to have an affordable (and not failure-prone) way to print receipts from in my car or onsite with the client. Could this printer work without being plugged into a wall outlet? Good to hear about the design. That was actually a turn off for me on the Little Printer. @badger Probably correct, I was thinking about the portability aspect of the printer. Although not really well thought out on my part considering the moving parts will take up the bulk of the power...not the processor. Oh well haha. Thanks for setting me straight @Marcus: Hmm in that case I must say I'm little confused what's ARM, what AVR, what Cortex. Seems like I'll have to study that a bit before a can continue this discussion. :) Anyway.. it's too late today here, I'll be back after weekend. ;) @badger ARM-AVR are Cortex cores, they can't be so more expensive or power hungry - pebble is using it (also kickstarter project) Features that would be possible than: Embedded fonts (more flash), faster operation (more ram, more complex protocols, not every pixel has to be sent, think compression or more), more likely AirPrint, more on-board web server functionality (think: tiny JavaScript engine, ...) @Markus: Not firmware flash, but RAM for storing the data to be printed. To be honest the only Arduino I have is the one in my Makerbot ToM. So far I was quite happy with my breadboard. :) But anyway.. What about something from the Cortex-M family? Maybe little bit more complicated than AVR but it might be worth it. I played a bit with this board <url>"An internal piezo buzzer to play basic sounds" Or for an extra fee a little buffer to play the uploaded WAV or downconverted file of a teletype machine chug chug chugging and a bell to alert. OK , it might only appeal to a few really old school journalists but... COPY! Please, please, please do not let a designer make the case cute, funky or radical. Please make it as low key and "fit in able" as possible... Or should I be nervous now with 12 days to go... No Chumby clones. No strange colours. It might fit in a SOHO ultra cool flat, but it should just be a nice fit and forget and don't disturb the neighbours thing. OR make it so those who want the latest "multicolours of sick" colours can pay extra for a case! Please reassure! I have also some hesitation about the RAM offered by the Atmega32u. It has only 2kb RAM. If you are using 200 dpi and a 3" print head, assuming you also have 8bit per dot (you can vary the time the print head spends on burning the dot, you can also use 4bit but that would require more bit banging) you get: 200 dpi * 3" / 1024 = 0.585 kByte (converted) which would mean that you could only store 4 lines if you would use all our RAM for printing. I guess that it would be difficult to talk to printers which rely on the driver to completly transform the page on the client (non printer) side. I think that would limit, for example, AirPrint usage (as it is a generic printer driver and I would assume does provide certain limitations...) Is it only me, or is 2kb to less RAM? Hi Andy, Still hoping to hear from you about how long anything printed on mPrinter would remain legible? I am interested in this for record-keeping puposes. Adam Also, this has a lot of cool plugins for it <url>"fill out and print this form" tasks that we still have to do from time to time? Web based software plus robust hardware via thermal would make me gladly chuck my always dry inkjet and in constant need of a driver update laser. Excited about this. One main reason I want it for is to send important notes to my 66-year-old mother to call me, or check her email. Like many people her age, they love email but don't check it regularly enough: it's a twice-a-day thing. Having this set up in her kitchen, sat silently and unobtrusively, it's like a miniature fax machine for 2012 (I mean that as praise, Andy, not a dig). I'd probably use it as a reminder-based machine, nailed right next to my front door so I couldn't miss things even if I wanted to. But also... 1) Tie it in with IFTTT.com, Andy! 2) Check bus times/schedules. If their API matches "delay" against my bus, or a time greater than 10 minutes, print it out at 8am, just before I leave for work. Little things like that are what I would love it for. And some way of linking it to gmail or an IMAP account, to print out ultra-rare emails. Great project. Look forward to hearing more and receiving it in the post! Will one more note.. A friend of mine did some project with ENC28J60 (SPI ethernet controller) and an AVR. He did a search for the TCP/IP stacks available for AVR, I asked him and he promised some links to start with. @Andy: As I already told. I'd vote for AVR. If it's only about the TCP/IP stack in AVR. I'd say make a solid hardware and let's hope that the community will finish the software. I think that there must be a usable TCP/IP stack for AVR and if not I'm willing to contribute to that as I think I'll need in some of my future projects anyway. But I of course might be just dreaming and completely wrong. :) @Bill It's funny you mention that. I just messaged Andy a link to that product. I'd never heard about it before and it looked quite impressive. The thing these seams to have over it is the open standard. I like that anyone can create their own mPrints. Berg requires all services be approved and hosted in their cloud I believe. Good to see you're getting good support - this product has lots of potential & uses. From a marketing & functionality perspective, have you checked out your competition (i.e. Berg Cloud Little Printer)? This is my first kickstarter and I'm impressed with the quality of support being offered by the contributors. Thanks for listening and best wishes to you and for your mPrinter project. So here's my two cents on Airprint. Run an internal print server on the printer network that hosts itself on the hotspot. Sort of how the Apple Airport Express works with allowing any USB printer to be turned into an air printer. Here's a cool article based off your CUPS discovery <url>" so you can print it with your own printer... So either make it a 4 or 5 mecanical button OR use a 'touch' like on TI LaunchPad Addon module... Maybe add an external SPI connection or something simpler so we can do custom stuff with it... Like connect it to a motion detection, or on a door trigger. Add a small IR sensor to detect low paper level. (Automatic Ordering/shipping system maybe ? :) I'm not a big fan of wasting paper... And one of the problem with P-Touch style printer is you have huge white space between 2 print. So a printer that can begin printing as close to the cutting point would be the best. One more idea about the bt. I have this one: <url>"breakout board", stick it in a breadboard and try to interface it ot some AVR (PIC if necessary, but I still need to buy a good programmer for PICs) and see what is necessary to be done. Maybe it's worth it. It should be still some time for such experiments and Andy seems responsive to new indeas. On the other side I'm not really familiar with the "higher level stuff" for e.g. how to print via bluetooth. Hi everybody, As for the bluetooth. I think it would be nice if Andy can consider to reserve some free pins (soldering pads on the PCB) and maybe space in the case for a bt module. I'd say nothing more is really necessary at this point. It's opensource thus I think that somebody will find a way how to do it if it's needed. Andy, will you have an iOS API available at launch? @ptorrone After reading your blog post it is very informative and forward looking. I believe you are doing your best to cover and report on things. I as a "consumer" appreciate when those who are in these type of circles give us a glimpse behind the curtains. Not all of us have the ability to create things but surely appreciate those that do, yourself included. @Andy Thank you for the update, its very interesting to read how things progress. @andy - thank you, this is another really good "open source" success i wanted to write about (prototyping using OSS/OSHW) and then going to manufacturing. i'll send you a follow up email as well. this is a great quote... " I utilized a standard Arduino, which allowed for the rapid development of prototypes and initially focusing on backend software instead of hardware" you could move quickly and focus on the things that really make this project stand out. evaristo ramos, i think it's awesome when open-source is used to fuel kickstarters, i've written about this :) <url>"Hello, Printer" -- by james adam? <url>"Sorry Mr. Muldowney to hi-jack your comment section temporarily, but I feel these are questions that need to be answered because I am beginning to see a pattern here from certain people. I am happily a backer and think this is a very cool item." ptorrone, I read through the stuff on the gofreerange website and it seems to be all open source and you can use it for whatever you want even selling it from what I understand, is this the same deal with the adafruit stuff (which is my next to go read through)? I am asking you directly as you seem to be the most vocal on projects that are using or seem to be using open source roots (either software or hardware). I am wondering as I am quite heavily invested with my own personal funds on various projects which are closed to the public and will probably never be released for general consumption. What is your stance on these type of projects? Are your opinions those of the people you represent or yours personally? I ask this because I am trying to understand this all. Sorry to hi-jack your comment section temporarily, but I feel these are question that need to be answered because I am beginning to see here from certain people. I am happily a backer and think this is a very cool item. Humbly, Roo hi andy, is your kickstarter prototype & software based on? go, free range, "Hello, Printer" by james adam? <url>" now that 30'000 is reached. I would also like to see Bluethooth 4.0 version. This printer would also work with the iPad current and future models. Just became a backer and think that this printer is great for taking with you yo print out articles, notes and receipts. Have you been thinking of a Bluetooth Smart (4.0) version of your printer? Wifi is a good Idea, but on the go there is a need for connecting via AdHoc Wifi and there is no contact to the outer world while using the printer. How quickly will the printing fade with the mPrinter? I would love to use this as a cost-effective complement to my medical note-taking system, but if it fades quickly then I can't use it. Nice project! With 200 dpi and halftone it could be good enough for web comics?! And yes, a good clean cutting mechanism in my opinion is a must. Also should the device be that heavy that I can take the paper off with one hand, when this is possible. Did you already have a chance to design the API? I plan to put the mPrinter on an open WiFi network and wonder how I could make sure only I can use it. Do you plan to have HTTPS available? (Self-signed cert would be enough). In that case Basic auth or a magic token would be good enough for what I'd like to use it for. just a thought: could you somehow make the prints like post-its, with a not-so-very-sticky glue on the back? It would be a good solution for my illegible handwriting :) I understand usually you don't like sticky stuff in a printer, and it's a disaster for paper feeding, however maybe someone has a good idea to solve that... I second a clean cutting mechanism as well. Andy, will you update us on your further milestones as you reach higher goals? Now that we have 3" print head, what will be next? You almost hit 3x your funding goal... Is a cutting mechanism for the prints considered? Add a pledge for more than one mPrinter. right now there's > 200 wifi orders and only 4 USB. Seems pretty clear which one is more desirable. @Larry: the buzzer seems like a nice idea to me as well. Maybe if the is a fast PWM pin remaining unused on the AVR the mPrinter might go little bit further and use this pin for simple melody generation. :) Potential uses I can think of - Role Playing Game handouts, statblocks, many more Pebble watch integration Thermal sticker paper Card/dice/etc. game rules Physical instant messenger Recipe printer POS receipt printer Timetable Any gamers out there got any ideas for RPG related applications? Congrats on breaking $22K! I'm proud to be a backer. Suggestions: include input (a button) that can be used to respond back to the server/originator/what-ever. Hopefully you're already planning on handling (signaling) the out-of-paper condition. And output in addition to the print: the standard from the old days was a bell. How about a buzzer? Or include an RGB led that'd be under control of the server. Or, at a minimum, an expansion connector for later addition of other output/input devices. I too would like to get two units (wifi) and the wall mount option would be nice! Would we be able to print to it like a normal printer? would it be available in windows like a normal printer? does the wifi model also come with the usb connector? Any further milestones besides the 3" print head you just reached? Red one would look gooood (: Can would get the cases in different colors, I would love to get a red one :) as darren said, i want to wall mount this thing. Can a little screw hook thing be fitted into the back so i can just hang it on a screw/nail? Come on $20k....3" model is within our grasp!! :) Need a level to get a second unit at the same time.... if you do that let me know as I can increase the pledge. One for home office, one for house (can you make a wall mount version :) Need $1000 more for 3-inch model upgrade! This will be just perfect for the odd occasion of when I need to actually print something - directions, recipes, tickets etc. Really looking forward to seeing how this project develops :) Any ideas/draft what the enclosure will look like? I'd love a Windows Phone version of the app. Since the APIs are public shouldn't be a huge deal to build one myself, though. Would be a nice winter project for the colder days if you plan to make the APIs public before February. I messaged Andy and he said that yes there will be an android port. Also, woo for being the backer then gave it funding! any chance of apps being ported to android? HP has several mPrinter products. Unfortunately you might need to change the name. I am a ham radio operator involved in emergency communications. An inexpensive battery powered printer would be useful to print out messages, though 3 inch wide would be more useful than 2 inch wide. Thanks. Awesome! Thanks! To elaborate...could a custom iPhone / iPad app send a print request to the mPrinter? Could a custom app send a print request to the mPrinter? mPrinter is my dream gadget! Damn. I am backer number 2 by a few minutes!