[Check our update 6 about the final flash sale] As the number of smart devices in your daily life is increasing, organizing things has become time-consuming. We created MYNT to be the simple device that makes organizing personal items easy. Meet MYNT: the one button remote. The smart button will perform three preset and customizable actions distinguished by single click, double click, and triple click. The smartphone app allows user customization for each type of click. Featured on: At first glance, MYNT is similar to an oval shaped decoration. The simplistic look hides the advanced functionalities inside. At 1/8th of an inch thin, with a size of about 1.5 of an SD memory card, MYNT is able to control music players, alarm devices, computers, smartphones, and so much more. MYNT is versatile and nimble. The smart companion can inconspicuously be placed in wallets, attached to key chains, and anywhere that fits. All the functionalities will not be useful if the remote cannot be located easily. So we added the tracking function. MYNT is a smart tracker. The app interface provides intuitive control. The app's GPS map and close distance map accurately indicate the item location. MYNT also has an alarm speaker on board. The flat surface and small size allows MYNT to be easily attached to a wide range of items. MYNT’s metal body is resistant to physical impacts and wear-tears. The replaceable battery has a lifespan of up to one year. It's the perfect companion gadget. With MYNT: Functions MYNT has perfected: Out-of-range alarm: notify through a smartphone or onboard beep if MYNT is out of range. To find the smartphone, press and hold the button, which signals the phone to generate an alarm. Distance will be indicated in the proximity map. The last location recorded: the app records the last location of MYNT. Present the location on the GPS map. Selfie Shutter: single click for taking picture. Multi-device music control: single click for play, double for skipping to the next song, triple for previous song. Presentation remote: play, backward, skip. Weather alarm: app sends beep alarm about weather. These are pre-setting. Users can customize their own functions for each type of click. Functions we are fine-tuning for MYNT: Control smart TV (on/off, next channel, and more), smart air conditioner (on/off, increase temperature, decrease temperature, and more), game devices, smart home appliances and many other devices that may need a remote control. Simply set the three types of actions through the app, MYNT will take care of the rest. Activity and fitness tracking. Design: We thought about the different scenarios: we want you to put MYNT in your wallet without noticing it, so we made it extremely thin. Now, MYNT is 1/8 inch thin, just the thickness of two coins. We want you to use MYNT as a keychain tag, so we created a hole and included a string in the package. We want you to attach it to your laptop or tablet, so we made the surface flat and included two double-sided stickers. Super Strong Material We want MYNT to be durable and also fashionable, so we used stainless steel and processed it with different process techniques: original stainless steel silver with metal wire drawing, sand blast black, gold and sky blue mirror surface. As thin as a sheet of bubble gum Small details: Replaceable battery + long battery + smart battery reminder MYNT currently supports iOS, Android, and Mac OS X. CrowdGPS: our global support community (compatible with communities of other tracker brands) Open building kit: everybody is welcome to contact us and use our free kit to build more applications based on the MYNT platform. Where we are now: The production type for MYNT is ready to be delivered this November. The app and MYNT currently work on most smartphones. We are testing the customization and compatibility of MYNT, and also fine-tuning the manufacturing process. Where we are headed: We are working on adding more connectivity as a smart remote, connecting to a wide range of devices such as automated home appliance, robot playmate, and new smart devices. We are also working on adding fitness and activity tracking. Timeline October- Kick off November - Ship initial units to Kickstarter backers Onwards - adding more functions and perfecting units with each production batch. MYNT Team MYNT team selfie picture taken by MYNT We're a team of designers and engineers based in San Jose, California, Beijing and Wuxi, China. Collectively, we have built products that people around the world love and enjoy. How Funds Will Be Used Ensuring the manufacturing quality to be excellent R&D on additional app functions such as connection with other smart device Improving current functions and fine tuning Improve MYNT app's user interface Creating customer support infrastructure. Easily attaches to key rings, bags, and luggage Durable, stainless steel construction Flat rear surface sticks perfectly to your laptop and passport Long battery life and standard user-replaceable battery Extended range, up to 45 meters (150 feet) outdoors Specifications • Wireless technology: Bluetooth 4.0 LE (BLE) Wireless range: up to 150ft Waterproofing: IP43 (splash-resistant) Dimensions: 0.98 x 2.17 x 0.14 inches / 25 x 55 x 3.5 mm Battery life: up to one year (depends on usage) Battery type: user replaceable CR2020 lithium button cell (120mAh) Supported Platforms: iOS7 and above Android 4.3 and above (requires Bluetooth 4.0 LE) Mac OS X 10.9 and above (for presentation remote) Intro guide by a fan: Waterproof sleeve: Hi, We will release our new MYNTs at CES 2018 this year. We will be at Tech East South Hall 2 #26039. <url>’re incredibly proud of developers like Mobvoi who are dedicated to offering creative solutions through wearable technologies. In fact, the team has recently launched their Kickstarter campaign for the Ticwatch 2, an interactive and intuitive smart-watch. The device has multiple functionalities, accessed through various interactions, the most prominent innovation is the wrist flip motion activation. Aside from the typical swiping, the watch boasts its side touch strip which allows users to scroll, select, or zoom without covering the screen. You can also quickly flip your wrist to activate voice command or even make a phone call, and by flipping twice, you can hang up or answer calls hands-free. If you want to silence notifications, you can just press an open palm on the surface of the device to dim the watch to stealth mode. The Ticwatch naturally offers the usual capabilities of a smartwatch, such as access to your apps and stored data, yet possesses centralized technology, with a keen focus on fitness. With our recent update to our fitness app SLife, our dedication to a healthy and active lifestyle aligns quite well with Ticwatch’s goals. In fact, our partnership with Mobvoi allows for SLife to run without a hitch, and provides a more connected life. The Ticwatch 2 tracks fitness data, such as real-time rate, speed, distance, and GPS location. All of this activity can be easily synced up with other devices, and with the SLife app. With the Ticwatch 2 and our SLife app, your fitness can improve by leaps and bounds. Our app condenses fitness progress into digestible and meaningful data and allows users to track progress as if reliving memories. You can back the Ticwatch 2 on Kickstarter currently in exchange for their early release of the watch. Our SLife app can be downloaded for free from the app store, so you can start on achieving your fitness goals right away. We are so grateful for our partners that strive toward promoting a balanced and connected life, and hopefully you will like our partner company’s new product. Dear Supporters, Thank you for the patience you have given waiting for the Blue MYNTs. They have arrived. We currently have about 100 blue MYNTs. We will ship the remaining 12 orders that required Blue MYNTs with additional items because of the long wait. Amy is in charge of shipping the orders, and she will be back by the end of this week. Shipment will be sent starting this Saturday. Thank you for the support. Best regards, Slightech Hello all of our backers, I am pleased to announce our MYNT app 2.0 was just released! This app is totally re-designed, we hope it will bring your user experience to an entirely new level. Your MYNT app should automatically upgrade to 2.0 if you set auto app update in your phone settings. If not, you can go to App Store or Google Play, look for “updates” section. 1. Totally re-designed GUI, stylish and intuitive. It’s flat, neat, and simple. When you opened MYNT 2.0 app for the first time, it will detect your MYNTs (make sure you put your MYNTs nearby), telling you there is a new firmware available. After you press the MYNT icon, it will automatically upgrade the firmware through the air. The update process will take a couple of minutes. Once the firmware update complete, it will pop up a message asking you to disable Bluetooth and then enable Bluetooth. This message will only last about 5 seconds. You may not see it if you walk away during firmware upgrade. Then, it will automatically re-connect your MYNT to you phone. You will see a message pop up, asking you to pair the MYNT with your phone, choose “Yes”. Now in each MYNT setting, there are two sections: Remote and Tracker. There is a few pre-set use configuration that you can use, and you can also choose “Custom,” then configure it yourself. For “Remote,” you can set single click, double click, triple click, long press to play music or take photos. The slides clicker now even works in Keynote on your iPhone and iPad. For the first time you open the app, the MYNT app will even pop up messages to explain the function of each icon in the app. 2. No false alarm and much faster re-connecting speed MYNT 2.0 is using a new way to connect your phone and MYNT. This will virtually eliminate false alarms, and the re-connecting speed is much faster than the previous version. You can disable MYNT alarm in your home or office by setting the “Safe Zone”. Tap the menu at the top left on the home page, then tap “Settings” at the bottom, you will see the Same Zone settings. If you don’t want MYNT to alarm in Safe Zones, make sure you switch on the “Disable MYNT alarm” to “On” (the default is “Off”). You can also customize whether you want MYNT and phone to give you signal in each MYNT settings. 3. The remote function now works in native apps and third-party apps. This new enhancement is SUPER COOL! You may notice the camera and music control icon on the home page are gone in this version, that’s because now you can use MYNT to control the native camera and music app on your phone, plus all kind of third party camera and music apps, like Instagram, Spotify. You can configure your MYNT remote function in each MYNT’s Setting page. Note: 1. Per user’s suggestion, we have changed the “Find Phone” behavior. When you press and hold the MYNT button, your phone will keep ringing until you release the button. 2. “Long press for find phone” is the default setting in MYNT 2.0. When you switch to other pre-set remote control configurations, the long press is configured to other functions. 3. To change the name and picture of MYNT, you just need to tap the MYNT icon in MYNT settings, it will show up. 4. There is still not possible to choose different alarm sound. We are working on that in our next release. I hope you will like MYNT 2.0. If you like this upgrade, we would appreciate you share this new experience on Kickstarter (comments) and Amazon (reviews). You may still experience bugs on some Android phones, since there are so many different Android phones out there, and they all modified the Android system in some ways. When you find bugs, please let us know, and we will debug it and fix the bug in our next release. In general, if your phone type is listed on our website, the problem is related to the user setting. The best way to solve the problem will be following the tutorials and video guides. BTW, our first bunch of blue MYNTs just arrived! We will start shipping them out on Monday. For backers who ordered blue MYNT, you should receive it by end of this week. Enjoy Super Bowl 50 and Happy Valentines Day! Leo Founder of MYNT We did it! You have helped us to make MYNT a reality. We heard your opinions and what you want, so we are working hard on updating the software. The manufacturer is currently sending us the first batch of production MYNT, so delivery will begin soon. If you are interested in purchasing more MYNT, we will be on Amazon and other vendors in the following months, after we delivery all the Kickstarter orders. Color choice, if the reward you purchased allows color choice, please send me your preference, otherwise, we will assign the four colors randomly. IFTTT and BLE HID. We have not reached 200% of our stretch goal, but we are doing IFTTT anyway. In addition, we are working on the BLE HID to make MYNT even more universally compatible with other devices. Accessories. In addition to the waterproof case, we will make special pet collar, and later perhaps bracelet so you will not need to spend the time modifying your own pet collar. It will take a while. Our team is spending all the time we have on delivering MYNT. ============================================================== Here is an interesting project we have noticed: (1) Declan: Pocket squares and handkerchiefs reinvented to clean your glasses, phones, tablets, and more Click here to check out their project. We are currently developing BLE HID functions, which would allow MYNT to control other devices without having a smartphone as the intermediary. So, in the future, you will be able to use MYNT to remote control even more things. Although MYNT currently support 4 preset actions with the lone button, the combination of 4 actions is only limited by imagination. We are also developing IFTTT, it is getting close. After the program is working, we will update the MYNT app and it will be all that is needed. The manufacturer has shipped the first batch of production MYNT to our distribution center. Can't wait to share the excitement. Final Flash Sale For any purchase or increased pledge from now on, we will include extra things in your order without cost. For purchase or increase of 1 MYNT = a free 5 replacement battery pack. 2 MYNT = a waterproof sleeve. 4 MYNT = 2 waterproof sleeves and battery packs, and one free MYNT. 8 MYNT = one Kickstarter/MYNT t-shirt, one free MYNT, 3 waterproof sleeves and battery packs. 12 MYNT = all of the above + a thank you card written by the MYNT team and signed by Leo. Offer ends when the campaign ends. Referral Program Share your thoughts about MYNT with your friends, and we will include one or more MYNT in your order as a gift. Email your referral screenshot to <email>. It is getting closer and closer to the delivery date. We will finish the production of MYNT by November 15th which is 10 days from today. After that, we will begin to ship your MYNT from San Jose, CA. If everything goes right, MYNT will arrive before the end of this month. International supporters will have to wait about one more week due to prolonged shipping time. If you live in Russia, it will take about three weeks. Color Choice, please email your color choice to <email>. If the reward does not specify the color reference, we will assign the MYNT color randomly. ============================================================== Here are a few interesting projects we noticed: (1) We are very happy to recommend you happy eye, join the revolution with happy eye. The Happy eye is our extra eye, the world's first incredible HD eyes also it is the world's first independent music earphone, change everything! Click here for more. (2)Loopy has a patented loop that prevents drops &amp; makes using your phone one-handed easy! Available for iPhone 6, 6s, 6 Plus &amp; 6s Plus Click here to find out more. (3) LAZA letter opener by KOSHA – The messenger of good news. Elevates the ordinary to an exclusive and inspiring experience. Click here to find out more. Flash Sale Need ideas for holiday gift? MYNT is the perfect thing to hand out to a large group of friends and family while stay in budget. We can engrave personal messages on the back of MYNT! Limited to current supporters who have already purchased MYNT: 4 MYNT, one of each color, one 5 battery pack, one water proof sleeve for $58. Valid for the next 7 days. [This is an additional purchase, it is valid if added to original purchase. Must be tack-on, adjustment does not apply.] (1) <url>’ll need shortcuts. Now, with the Air Button, instantly upgrade your Android phones with a stick-on, customizable, and battery-free button! Simply stick the button on the back of your phone, turn on NFC and customize each button and create shortcuts to any of your functions with just one push! Click here to find out more! (3)An ecosystem in its simplest form. Plants and fish - thriving together in a stylish, simple-to-maintain aquaponics system. Keep a piece of nature wherever you are. Click here to find out more! (4)Support latest quick charge technology. Stylish with a forward outlook. Bringing fun and style to your life. Simply plug in and enjoy! We are almost two weeks into the campaign. The great news is that the production of MYNT has already begun. We will be able to start shipping your orders after November 11th. Our team is working hard on adding more functions to our remote. We also have spent a lot of time doing quality control at the production site. Let us know what you would like MYNT to do in addition to current functions. One of the suggestions has been supporting IFTTT, so this is now an official stretch goal! Stretch Goal (1) Reach 200%, support IFTTT (2) Reach 300%, MYNT/Kickstarter T-shirts (3) Need your suggestions, email <email> or message through Kickstarter. Hope you enjoy our tiny remote, and help us spread the words. Here are a few interesting projects we have noticed: (1) Xpand Lacing System: Funded in 1 hour! Sometimes it's about the simple things in life. Click Here to find out more. (2) Spark Planner is a proven planning system designed to help you accomplish everything you want in 2016 (and beyond!). With over 250 pages of customizable productivity and planning tools, the Spark Planner has everything you need to track your weekly to-do's, outline big projects, and be amazed by your progress over a full year. You don't need to be perfect or have superpowers to be successful. You just need the right tools. Click Here to find out more. (3)With the dscvr headset, taking your virtual reality adventures with you has never been easier. The headset features an innovative, retractable chassis that makes it super-portable. A sturdy, hexagonal shape makes it road-worthy. The dscvr headset is the next evolution in accessible virtual reality. Patent pending. Click Here to find out more. (4) Our friends over at The Comfortable Boxers Co. have designed the world’s most comfortable pair of men’s underwear. Featured in GQ and ValetMag, their sleek modal boxer briefs and trunks offer unparalleled comfort with their new modal-covered waistband and horizontal fly design. Click Here to find out more. (5)Cooking isn’t just about eating. It’s about expression, creativity, love and most of all fun. Our mission is to bring fun food to the masses and what better to do that with than EGGS?! They’re round, they’re nutritious and absolutely ADORABLE. Introducing Cat Egg by Egg Addiction. A cat-shaped mold, guaranteed to make your sunny side up eggs Purrfect. Click Here to find out more. Send us suggestions and requests! Cheers, Leo The $98 for eight has been extended to the first week of the campaign. Refer your friends through the share function on this campaign page. If anyone purchases at least one MYNT, we will gift you additional MYNT in your current order based on the amount of referrals. If you would like to try our prototype version immediately and don't want to wait, order the $306 reward, and your prototype unit will be shipped the next day. Cheers, Leo Version 1 of waterproof sleeves, we will have multiple color theme soon. Graham, sorry about the mistake. We will email you to compensate you. -Leo We have shipped every order, please email <email> for tracking number. @Catherine Moon The current version works with Windows powerpoints. Please take a video and show it to everybody. :) @Jaydeep Dhaduk IFTTT is completed, it will come out with the next update. @Lenore Your extra is shipped. Thank you for the support. @Roy Your extra is shipped, tracking number in message. @SC Liao @Graham Bowers The blue MYNTs are here, you will have them in the mail soon. @Daniel Thorwart Your order was not shipped, it will be on its way this weekend. @andy We have shipped your order in December, and the USPS tracking number showed that it was delivered to the address you listed. Please check with your post office, your living mates, or your neighbor. If you could not find the package, we will be more than happy to ship you the order again. Let us know. Andy, we have mailed out all orders for our supporters a while ago. We are digging out our receipts now and will provide tracking numbers to people like you who didn't receive our package. Thanks! Leo Sure, we will look at the tracking numbers for all folks who said no receiving MYNTs. Andy, we have shipped MYNTs to all of our supporters. We did receive a few emails from customers like you saying you didn't receive MYNT. We are digging out our post office receipts to get the tracking number for you guys now. Please give us a couple days. @ Jaydeep Dhaduk: tes @ Dennis: let me check you tracking number @ Amin Maalouf: let me check your tracking number @ Agnes Law: hi, they are already shipped. We only have several blue MYNT orders on hold. 95% of the orders are shipped. @Tom Your tracking number at USPS is 9200190174242300004477 For any future inqury, please send a ticket to <email> and <email> We have already shipped the majority of the MYNT orders. As for the backers with engraving option, the wait will be a little longer. The engraving process at the factory is very slow. If you are ok to skip this step, and do it on your own, we will put in waterproof sleeves and extra batteries as replacements. MYNT is very flat and easy to engrave by any local watch/jewelry shop. For the orders that are not yet shipped, we have a shortage of blue MYNTs. If it is ok to ship your order without blue MYNTs, but with other color, let me know. Please check your order status, this only applies to the orders that have not been shipped out. @Catherine Moon It is within the next update or one one after that. We plan to have it completed before the CES show in January. @SC Liao We will ship the rest of the order (yours included) this week. About one half and two-thirds of the orders are already shipped out. @chris Berry, Please update the app to the most current version. Please also disable the anti-virus app in relation with MYNT. The issue of crashing is usually due to other apps on the phone shutting MYNT down. @Hesham Shaban It is getting started. Where is the delivery by drone service when we need it. :) Enter REOCAM4C It will take $10 off the price. Link to Amazon page: <url>~60 characters. @Meredith Collins I have received your email. Cheers. @Seow Wan Yi I am figuring out if Kickstarter will continue to allow purchase, otherwise, I am putting up a link to our purchase site soon. @Sunil Kirshnani I will send out a survey today. @Ahmad Rafie The limit is about two lines of text, and 50 characters. MYNT is small, so we can probably engrave name + phone number, and address if it is short. @Thomas Kozak I will send out a survey today. @Catherine Moon We are almost there with controlling Windows PC. The update is comming soon. @Sharon It depends on the environment. The alarm will pop up, the sound will depend on your setting. If you are in an enclosed room with solid barriers, the Bluetooth signal will be weaker, thus the alarm will pop up sooner than if you are in open space. If you put MYNT in a wallet inside a backpack inside your room, while you are outside of the room, the signal range will be much shorter than if MYNT is attached to your keychain in an open space. However, you should be able to detect MYNT in a 30 feet circle even if it is in a wallet inside a backpack. @Catherine Moon We are making MYNT compatible with Windows computers. It is planned to have MYNT connectable with Windows phones, but we are making it work on Windows computers first. One MYNT can be connected to One device only. However, you can change the connected device through the APP. So, you have guessed it right, disconnect and then switch through the APP, which will take no more than one minute of your time. @ Manuel Weber: yes, we are working on that. @ Meredith Collins: we will include something extra in your reward. Perhaps a MYNT/kickstarter T shirt and water proof sleeve. @ Meredith Collins: your order will work. It is correct, don't fret about it. Cheers. @Willaim Yang Installing the free app is all you need. @1 The shipping cost is $25 because the tracking cost $14 flat for all international shipping. Without it, we have no way of securing the shipping. We can mail your pledge with $15 shipping cost, but you have to send a message agreeing that We will not be responsible and liable to send an replacement of the original is lost in shipping. Here is the instruction: Change your original pledge to the $1 reward, add $15 to your original amount for shipping, and send us a message including your address, and an signed agreement/wavier saying you will not hold US liable if the package gets lost on the way. Alternatively, the $175 and up rewards have free international shipping. Some other rewards have subsidized shipping. @Nick Thanks for your support. @Jaydeep Dhaduk Which part of the video are you referring to? I am not clear about your comment. If you have found any bug, please send an email to <email> We update the app constantly for adding more functions. If you have found a bug, we will fix it. @Nick Cancillia Glad you are supporting our campaign. I am sad to see you not be able to try out our MYNT. I hope you and Kickstarter can work out the difference. I will send you a prototype MYNT as a gift, so you could try it out. We will be on the open market such as Amazon in a few weeks. Anyway, message me your mailing address, or I will use the one on file. @ mboirsbeek: the setup fee is for engraving only. If you do not need engraving, the the fee does not apply. The limit for engraving is 2 lines, and 50 character. It is not a strict limit. However, MYNT is tiny, so the surface for engraving is limited. @Daniel Thorwart Yes, you will be able to control other camera apps and music players soon. The action can be customized. We are working on having MYNT blink when you receive Whatsapp message. Each type of click on an individual MYNT currently performs one action, we need good ideas about how to perform more than one action with one type of click, but we are sure it can be done. IFTTT can be supported, let's make this an official stretch goal! @Graham Your MYNT will be engraved with the text you provided (please message me the text). @ gadgetstorm: we are shipping from CA, US. We balanced the need for security and the need for low cost. If I find a shipping service with the same quality assurance as the current shipper, I will let you know immediately. @Graham Bowers The update comes through app store or google play. We are adding more functions with each update. @Boris Panov It connects directly to the phone. @Joachim @Thomas We are currently developing our own equivalent platform, which may take a few months. However, MYNT as a smart platform can connect with other action apps. @Joachim Calvert In theory yes. Sometimes the connection may be buggy, so we want to make sure it won't be in the hands of users. We have an SDK kit for download if you are interested in building your own connection. It is a great suggestion, and our team will work on this as soon as we can. @Thomas Kozak Great suggestion, I will refer this to our team and put this as a priority. @Luke The picture for one type of waterproof sleeve is posted in the first update. Thanks for the support! If you have questions, feel free to comment. We will answer them on daily basis. @James The app currently supports connection with 8 MYNT. The number will increase soon. We have pre-programmed settings. Users can also add customized settings with our SDK kit. @ Sharon: for the rewards that have $20, we are paying the extra $5 to encourage your support, the real cost is $25 and more. @gadgetstorm We are working on finding better logistic solutions. The major problem is with tracking, which cost $14 per shipment. The shipping cost for us is really $25, without including labor and other costs. If we go without tracking, it might be a problem too. I got 4 MYNTs I ordered, but don't come with any others that I jointed the referral program, Final Flash sales and free engrave replacements. Send they to me asap. I've FINALLY received my order! Only five months late, and after an additional lump of import fees that bring the cost to over $100. . . . And...they're useless! Surely the most inconvenient remote ever. An almost unusable iOS app, units that fail to pair, others that constantly disconnect, others still that connect and pair but don't show up in the app at all. Even IF everything works as it should and a remote miraculously does connect and pair, the app is useless. . . Worst Kickstarter ever, the Mynt Remote by Slightech for iOS and Android is a waste of money. Just got a message saying you've shipped my order, almost 5 months late but good to hear. Except I got a message two weeks ago too, saying you'd shipped my order. And I got a message two months ago, saying you'd shipped my order too. Nothing's ever arrived, and the (fake?) tracking numbers given never work. Did you really send out an $87 order three times? Or are you telling fibs? STILL NOT RECIEVED MY $87 ORDER. What lie are you going to try this time? You must have messed things up so badly that you have to sell units on Amazon and lie to backers that "we've sent it out, just be patient". Why can't you just give me my order? Thank you! I just got the Mynt, and it wasn't engraved or the color I was supposed to get. I had to unpair my MYNT after a firmware update, how can I pair it again? I would send a second email @Graham Bowers thank you, but my mail was send out and wait for reply for 3 days. It Takes a while to get a reply, it took me about a day @SC Liao I had send 2 mail to your e-mail address, but no any reply. numbers* The weekend is over. Tracking numers, please! I'm also waiting for my tracking number yet, but no response received. Waiting on my tracking information Lmao actually give me my stuff "Let us know" I've let you know, countless times since december that I haven't received my order, and as you refuse to give me the tracking number for the supposed shipment, it's impossible to track down (even though the burden lies with you). So, I'm telling you again. I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY ORDER. @Graham Bowers - Yes, they did say that didn't they. Yet still nothing. It's just lies. They just lie, for months and months, lies and promises and 'please be patient' or 'by the end of the week' or 'we shipped in december'. Slightech are Kickstarter scammers who take units backers paid for and sell them on Amazon. STOP LYING. My order was NOT shipped in December. I have messages from you in february saying you'd ship 'by the end of the week'. OK, so what was the tracking number? Why didnt you tell me you'd shipped, or give me the number? If you actually have a tracking number, give it to me so I can track it down? You didn't ship. I backed you with $87 to help you make this, and you wont give me my order?! You're selling units on Amazon that I paid for. Thieves and liars. THIS IS FRAUD. If you can't find it they said they would be more than happy to send you another @andy Strange how you say my order was shipped in December, when I have messages from, you sent during February, asking me to be patient and that you'd send out my order 'by the end of the week'. You're constantly lying and asking for another week to sort things out. DO NOT TRY TO LIE YOUR WAY OUT OF THIS. My order was not shipped. Give me the tracking number if it was. I have not received any tracking number. Please send asap. Report Them. Quite simply a bunch of fraudsters and conmen, stealing money from backers. Obviously they've given up even trying to cover their tracks with messages and replies about orders being lost in transit, that excuse could only last so long so....silence. I'm resigned to never getting these mythical MYNT Remotes, or seeing my money again. Hopefully I can use this to warn others though. Slightech IS A SCAM. They took money from Kickstarter (and IndieGogo) backers so they could manufacture these remotes. But instead of giving backers their orders, Slightech scammed everyone and sold their orders on Amazon, adding another layer of fraud to things Slightect promised people free remotes if they left 5-Star reviews before they received their order!. Those fraudulant 5-Star reviews were an attempt to hide the multiple 1-Star reviews from people disgusted with a useless keychain and an app with all the functionality of a corpse's respiratory system. People of the future, searching for information about MYNT Remotes or Slightech, BEWARE! They're scammers, thieves, liars, fraudsters, and probably bed-wetters. I GAVE YOU $87 IN BACKING........GIVE ME MY REMOTES! Months of patience, and broken promise after broken promise. This is just too much. You're selling on Amazon without fulfilling your commitment to your backers. We helped you, we trusted you. You've stolen our money. THIEVES. All this rubbish about tracking numbers is LIES. If you had shipped with tracking numbers, you'd have told us and given us the tracking info, why else pay for tracking. YOU DIDNT SHIP! If these orders were lost in transit, the tracking info would have solved the issue and it would be sorted by now. Weeks to "dig out" tracking numbers?! Try CMD+F!! YOU DIDNT SHIP!! LIES. THIEVES. SCAMMERS. How long do you need, to send out the tracking numbners? I want to know, where my Mynts are. I didnt receive my MYNTs too, why dont inform me the tracking number, if you shipped out? What's the status of the blue MYNTs? If they've been sent out, I haven't received mine. Well if you shipped why didnt you inform me, and give me the tracking info at the same time? What use is the tracking info to me? I dont care about anything other than my order. You owe me $87. GIVE ME MY ORDER!! I gave you $87 and helped you succeed. It's disgusting that you're selling on Amazon when you haven't had the courage to give you original backers and funders their orders. I honestly feel like y'all scammed us Can you get mine also please? Has anyone actually received their remotes? I'm beginning to suspect this is either horribly managed, or a scam. Hi, I am still waiting for the promised 5 replacement battery and a waterproof sleeve as per your update 4 last 30th Oct 2015: MYNT: Deft Remote For Smart Devices by Slightech Update #4 For backers only. Oct 30 2015 How to claim the $58 for 4 MYNT reward Updated Instruction 0 Comments Like 2 likes I apologize for the confusion. The original instruction does not really work. Please follow the current instruction: (1)<url>£14 at customs... Just hope the MYNT lives up to my practical expectations! Still waiting for my MYNT... Any update??? Still haven't received any of my mynts in Europe. Still got no answer to my last 2 requests. Still haven't received any of my mynts in nyc Now that all the shipping is done. Do we have any updates on IFTTT? I have ordered 2 of these - I am a backer club member - and even ordered from Amazon and received that - gave a review - I have not received mine Got no mail for my Shipping Details to Europe. Will there be one soon? By chance, is there any status update on the Windows PC compatibility? App keeps crashing. Tried reinstalling, restarting nothing works. Suggestions? Had all the MYNTs been ship out? no shipping details appeared. Hi Team, Got no mail for my Shipping Details to Europe. Will there be one soon? Can't wait for my mynt :) Is there going to be a tracking number? How are things going with delivery? I just completed you survey, but there were no color survey. I'm lost... I completed the survey but I didn't see how to add the engraving option? Will that come later? Pledged for two MYNT devices, believing that the Windows PC compatibility issue will be solved soon! Excited / Looking forward to the development! Should we be seeing a color survey soon? @creator hello, I added the engraving fee for my pledge and was wondering what the limit is for the engraving and who to talk to about that I would like the Ninja colour, with a engraving of "Raja" and have paid for the reseting and the waterproof seal. As there was no survey sent across. Please can you do the needful. Thanks HI, I'm late to the party. I guess the $58 pack of 4 offer is now over? I'd like a total of 2 MYNT and 2 waterproof sleeves. Would like a silver and an ocean blue, can I back at the $38 level and add $15 for the color and the sleeve? @creator Awesome idea to encourage sharing with friends by offering an extra MYNT! Thank you! And done! I sent the screenshot to the given email. You have an excellent marketing team! I noticed that the list of supported systems is Mac OS X, iOS, Android. Does this mean it is not compatible with Windows computers? (E.g. as a presentation clicker). Also, how many devices can it link to at once? (E.g., can you use it as a music player for your phone and presenration clicker for your computer at the same time, or do you have to disconnect and switch devices everytime?) Thank you! @creator sorry to be asking this kinda question so late into the campaign as kickstarter have just "unlock" my account back to me....... I have been "locked" out for more than a week..... Nearly cancel my pledge for being locked out...... Question: if I use this as a tracking device, how far can it be away from my smartphone without the alarm sounding? If I hide the device in a bag pocket, will the tracking still work? @creator thank you for your understanding and generosity! Hello. Can you install German language for the next Mynt Phone App Update? @creator, yes my order is correct now @ the $20 pledge level, but I was at $18 to get the black one and got booted out (in other words, my pledge was changed without my knowledge). That is the issue I was having. Sorry for the complicated explanation before. Sorry, another glitch, I'm not sure how that $58,9 and the break got entered. It looked fine when I proofread my message. Thanks again for listening. @creator, something slightly glitchy is going on. I am not sure if it is on Kickstarter's end or yours. At first, I followed the original update and chose the $1 pledge and added $58 to it for the current "special". Then you changed the way to pledge the $58 (which made more sense), so yesterday, there was one opening in thje $18 category. I picked it and added the $58 for the "special" bonus. So my pledge total was $81.When I was checking my pledges tonight it had been moved back to the $1 pledge plus the $58,9 obviously without my doing. Now I can no longer secure the $18 spot I originally had. This is both very confusing (as my pledge has never just switched like that) and disappointing. I know the next level is only $2 more, but I would have preferred the ninja to the silver for my original pledge. Thank you for taking the time to listen, I needed to express/vent my discombobulating feelings :/. I think you have a great product, it just make me sad to get kicked out of the level I pledged at. @Creator - as majority of the backers have stated the International shipping is too high. I think you've got a promisiing product that I need and want to support to the end but $25 shipping for a product that easily fits into an envelope and weighs absolutely nothing is bogus considering my pledge is for $18 for the Mynt. Majority the things I've backed are much larger and much heavier with a $10 postage price. Will most likely have to drop pledge like everyone else as I just can't justify paying this much for postage. What sort of set up will it need? So I looked at the videos closely and it seems to be a little glitchy. How close are you guys to fixing all the bugs? Or is it going to be worked on after the campaign. Dropping my first day pledge of 4 For $50 now. Good luck on whoever gets it, it's a great deal. @Slightech- thank you. I was excited to support a startup company from my hometown (San Jose), but Kickstarter has ruined that experience. The address on file will work. I look forward to trying out the MYNT prototype and purchasing the MYNT through Amazon or other channels, just not Kickstarter. Good luck and I wish you the best. @All- I will be dropping my first day pledge of 4 MYNT's for $50. I fully support this campaign, but will no longer support Kickstarter. Kickstarter continues to allow a group of individuals to break the rules. I have reported these individuals, but to no avail. Instead, Kickstarter has disabled my account and I can no longer comment on the campaigns I have backed. I had to login through my Facebook account and pledge $1 to leave this comment. an you explain to me what the $5, set up is for and do I need to add it for this to work. Also if I choose the engraving, how many letters can the engraving be? @Sligtech: Thank you for the answers. Happy to hear that. And congratulations for reaching the goal. @Lenore: I think Ninja is the black one. I'm having a bit of trouble picturing the colours. Silver, Gold and Ocean Blue are okay but what colour is Ninja? I already found the app in the PlayStore and really like the design, but I have a few questions: - In the app I can choose a music player or a camera. Will it be possible to control other camera-apps and music players besides your own (for example the stock camera, Deezer or Google Play Music)? Or even to use multiple players (one click: play Deezer, two clicks: play Play Music, three clicks: end whatever player is running)? - Can I display notifications with the Mynt (blinking LED when I receive a Whatsapp message?) - Is it possible to manage more than one action with a click? Like if I press the Mynt in my car, my phone conects to the car radio, the music starts to play and Wifi and auto sync turn off? Like Joachim and Wouter I'd appreciate IFTTT (maybe as a stretch goal?) @SlightTech Graham Bowers I added 10$ to my pledge does that mean I'll get the engraving only? Creators, regrettably I will have to abandon this pledge as an international supporter if a more reasonable shipping cost is not sourced. Correct me if I am wrong, but the item is going to be shipped from Hong Kong or Shenzhen. So, it makes more sense to shipping to Asia-Pacific countries at a lower tracked international shipping cost which should not be more than $12 then. I really think you should look at using different fulfillment centers for different regions to do your shipping, Europe for example has a high VAT duty, so if the item is shipped from within Europe then your European backers will not be slugged with extra costs. How does it update? @Creator: Like Joachim I'd appreciate it if you could provide IFTTT functionality. Great product, happy to contribute! How does the gps tracker work, is it connected directly to your phone or through your WiFi network? This is an incredible product and design. I'm looking forward to receiving this and giving one as a gift. Will Mynt work with Tasker? It will be very useful just with the built-in functions but with Tasker support it becomes a SUPER BUTTON Also, any pictures of the waterproof sleeve? Darn, just barely missed the 4 @$50, can you please open some more slots up? Will MYNT support interaction with IFTTT? I will be happy to get this as it is better than a remote control and it is like a keychain. How does it work with multiple devices? As far as I see it should be pre-programmed to work with certain devices. Does it support more than 1 device at the same time? Thanks! @creator I can't seems to find any logic in ur international shipping charges...... For 1 device is $25 shipping but for 2 device and 4 device the shipping is at $20?? And for 8 device shipping is at $25??? Why is 1 device more expensive than 2 or 4 and is the same with 8 device??? This is awesome Campaign and i am happy to donate the campaign.The device which you have lunch in the market is one of the best and easy with the new technology .I wish you all the team for the success. Please source more economical international shipping. For the size and weight of the item, it really shouldn't be too far off $10.