MYTHIC: The Story Of Gods And Men Mythic is and action/strategy based RPG brought to you by the same team that left Activision / Blizzard in search of something better! MYTHIC is an open world concept that will allow you to choose where you want to go even if it does not coincide with the story line and current missions list (hey, sometimes we just like to explore to level up right?!). The gameplay characteristics will be similar to that of World of Warcraft and the graphics quality should be up there with Skyrim. Game will be release on PC first and then ported to Mac. Depending on funding amount reached we will aiming to get a multiplayer version online by Summer 2013. Game engine is custom but built based off of Unity3D and animations will be done via motion capture thanks to some friends at Disney/Pixar! Choose Your Fate Biblical: Arch Angel Michael and Lucifer Greek: Zeus and Hades Egyptian: Ra and Anubis More classes coming soon with demigods in each category! Lands of the Ancients Giant free roaming maps and terrains of the ancient world including Egypt, Greece, and the Middle East (more options waiting on votes between africa and asia). Missions: The main storyline will be to destroy the other Gods and take back full worship and control of the earth and all humanity. Sub missions will change throughout the game based on the choices you make! You will have the choice to change your class of Good or Evil once in the game at a story driven point... choose wisely. Taking back over run temples and villages will increase your "worship" thus allowing you to unlock new more powerful godly abilities. Smiting enemies will level up your character (this is the only traditional thing about MYTHIC! Boss Battles: Depending on who you choose and whether you are good or evil, the storyline will adapt and change throughout gameplay. This will allow the user to experience all the the boss battles against the other Top Gods. Each boss battle will have multiple outcomes driven by your choices ( not just win or lose! ) IN GAME TERRAIN SHOTS: In game shot of desert terrain In game shot of forest terrain In game shot of northern mountain terrain Funding Questions: 1.) Question: "Is 80k enough to fund this game?" Answer: "In short answer, yes! Our team has been able to raise a substantial amount from various VC's and Angel Investors as well as pulling out our own wallets! 2.) Question: "What will you do with the extra funds if the project passes the 80k mark?" Answer: "We will put 100% of all funds raised here back into the game to ensure we did everything possible to make the best possible experience for our backers and customers!" 3.) Question: "So what exactly is my donation being put to use for?" Answer: "We are trying to raise the 80k in order to secure the motion capture animation team and studio time for the games sound track. If we can save a little then it will be put back into programming the game engine." Kicking It Forward? We will be donating 5% of our profits once MYTHIC is released! This way we can "Kick It Forward" by helping the funding of new awesome games, as we have seen quite a few great projects come out of here already! SWAG! (everyone loves goodies!) MYTHIC Poster MYTHIC T-Shirts MYTHIC Book Bag MYTHIC God Swords A few members of our team worked at BDG last year beforeother found out the owner was being shady with funds. They left and joined our team shortly after. As for the concept art, it seems we have been subjected to false claims of ownership right to our concepts. The game itself is well in progress and is NOT a scam of any kind. Thank you for understanding. If you have any furthure questions please feel free to ask. Hey Everyone, Look for an update this coming monday! Hey Ben, I will look into this and get back to you as soon as we can come up with something that makes sense! Thanks for all your support! Hey David, you will be able to make copies and pass them around to friends and family (no limit). We believe that open shared media does more good than harm (we are napster fans from back in the day). I hope this helps :-) Hey Ben, MYTHIC will roll out as single player first. We are aiming to have multiplayer roll out summer 2013. Happy new year! Funny how this is still a live page My favorite part is still "this is NOT a scam of any kind." Seriously... We could create a new chat forum on this page, bahaha hay guys whats going on in this thread Good thing I'm not a porpoise, then. :iceburn: All porpoises come from Seattle. In case anyone reading this missed it, Tycho of Penny Arcade wrote a bit about this: <url>"buy" the $2500 reward. Once he realized this, he fled. Uh, hello, BetaBeat link clickers. I'm not actually from Seattle, I was just proving I could see your profile. um... The video can still be viewed... XDDDDDD What I find funny is how bold whoever the guy in the video is showing for his face for the scam all In all ... I love the concept of the game..... but....it is just a shame now The website was a free Weebly blog, that was the first red flag I aw. What a poor attempt at a scam, haha 9/porpoise/Seattle!!!???!!! 4,384/deity/my tomb in thebes here a/s/l? Not to mention all the reward levels match The Banner Sagas word for word oh... the website of the game still exists!!! What James said :) Thanks you two! High five to Christopher and Mark for the research on this. This will be our own secret chat room forever!!! Wait, I can still post here? Thanks to those who did all the work gathering the intel. Ahahahahahaha Hi everyone, I'm also putting a dollar down to warn off any other potential backers who read this. As Mark explained, this is a SCAM. All of the art is stolen. Look up "Little Monster Productions" on Google, and -- according to the internet -- they do not exist outside of this KickStarter page. They have no business, no press contacts on their website. Even the pictures of their supposed offices were stolen from another company. Little Monster, if you are reading this now, do the right thing and take down this project. Save us the trouble and save yourself the embarrassment. This entire situation is really insulting to anyone who actually creates or enjoys games, and you're ruining it for the rest of us. The concept art at <url>#/d1bnzom ) and the facebook page which recently went down had pictures of offices like this: <url>