THANK YOU BACKERS, FOR AN AMAZING KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN! IF YOU MISSED OUR KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN, PLEASE COME SEE US AT PICOBREW.COM!!! Seattle Times - "... produce a never-ending supply of absolutely top-notch beer, in any style and flavor you can imagine" USA Today - "...the at-home beer brewing system PicoBrew looks very timely" CNET - "Just add water, grain, and hops. The PicoBrew Zymatic can serve up your homemade brew with minimal hassle and cleaning" Washington Beer Blog - "Their beers had all of the consistencies and flavors of any professionally brewed craft beer" Medium - "Here's a little box that could change the beer world forever" Fast Company - "There is clearly a big potential market for the Zymatic" RedOrbit - "Tech news sites have hailed the Zymatic as a modern marvel while large breweries have taken to using the machine to try out new batches" GeekWire - "...one of the more badass Kickstarter campaigns we’ve seen..." PennyArcade - "I back a lot of hardware on Kickstarter.... But there’s a marked difference between what they’re pitching here and what I usually see." ARS Technica - "... takes the legwork out of home-brewing" DudeIWantThat - "Even at a $1,600 investment, it would really only take about 6 weeks of home brewing for me to recoup the cost of a PicoBrew Zymatic in consumed beer." CoolThings - "No more complicated microbrewery setups in the basement -- just a simple tabletop rig you can set up conveniently in the kitchen." The Drainage - "F...ing Cool : PicoBrew Zymatic: Automatic Beer Brewing Appliance" The Verge - "The PicoBrew Zymatic is the Nespresso of beer brewing" Stretch Goal Summary 10/29/2013 Last Stretch Goal - Thank you Zymatic(TM) hardware-level backers! The support you've shown has been overwhelming, and we're happy to announce that you've earned all 4 stretch goal rewards! We have 18 hours to go and we've already had unprecedented support, but if we can top 650K we want to throw a little party: a PicoBrew Backer Bash! 10/24/2013 Stretch Goal #4 - Thank you again! Well, you earned it: a spare Keg Lid and Airlock for all Zymatic(tm)-level backers! Looks like we're well on our way to another big milestone too -- 600k! There are still 5 days to go, so here's what we're going to do. We have a special "keg accessory pack" that we were planning on selling separately -- we're now going to throw that in with your Zymatics if/when we hit 600k in pledges. 10/19/2013 Stretch Goal #3: 500K! - Thank you for your votes on the 500K Stretch Goal Reward! The votes were strongly in favor of a spare keg lid and airlock so upon reaching 500K we'll be adding this to all machines that ship (in addition to the fermenting lid + airlock already included). 10/16/2013 Stretch Goal #2: 400K! – We will now be including sampling ports with all machines. We think you’re going to love ‘em! This is what we use every day in the lab to draw our samples. 10/11/2013 International Reward Level – We’re pleased to announce that we are adding an International Reward Level! We are making the PicoBrew Zymatic™ available now in 110v or 220v versions to ship to your international location (non-Us and Canada). 10/06/2013 Stretch Goal #1: 300K! – Thanks to your great support we are able to include a custom keg-cozy with all PicoBrew machines! Why a custom keg cozy instead of off-the-shelf? Turns out that slipping those off-the-shelf cozies on/off the kegs is not so easy (think sliding a sweater on/off a hot stainless-steel wiener-dog!) So ours opens up via either snaps or a zipper (we’re testing both as we speak to see what works best). 10/1/2013 Wow, 100% of Goal in 34 hours! – We’re very excited and humbled by the amount of support you’ve shown for PicoBrewing! It’s just been overwhelming! We’re so lucky to have such great support (and to have the ability to crank out kegs of our favorite beers on demand!). Thank you Kickstarters! Why can't we brew beer at home as easily as we can make a loaf of bread with a bread-maker, or a shot of espresso with an automatic espresso machine? Making quality beer this easily: that was the dream 3 years ago, and we're proud to announce that after thousands of man hours of R&D, we've made that dream a reality in the form of the PicoBrew Zymatic(tm). I'm Bill Mitchell, CEO and Co-Founder of PicoBrew LLC. My brother Jim and I are avid home-brewers. We started PicoBrew LLC in early 2010 out of frustration with the state of the art: home beer brewing takes entirely too much time, is too imprecise, and frankly, when you account for all of the clean-up, is not all that fun. We wanted to make the creation of high-quality beer brewing simple, amp up the art, and tone down the tedium. So how does one PicoBrew anyway? We're glad you asked! PicoBrewing is a quicker and more enjoyable way to brew! The basic steps are simply creating (or borrowing) a recipe, loading ingredients into a container we call the "step filter", and selecting the recipe to brew using the rotary encoder on the front panel of your PicoBrew Zymatic(tm). After 18+ years as an executive at Microsoft leading pioneering efforts in PDAs, smartphones, automotive and wearable computing I know a thing or two about creating computing appliances. Jim has spent much of the last two decades building innovative food processing plants in CA, following in the footsteps of our grandfather, Dr. William Mitchell, inventor of Pop Rocks, Tang and other fun foods. We got to work quickly in early 2010 and began building a succession of Proof of Concept (POC) systems based on an off-the-shelf Arduino-based controller, off-the-shelf pumps, relays, valves and a custom heating loop. A succession of POC prototype machines followed as we incrementally invented a new brewing process that allowed for the pre-loading of ingredients and total hands-free automation. By late 2011 we had created a proven solution, and were ready to move to the next step: Functional Prototypes (FPs). A custom motherboard design was needed, however, and significant mechanical engineering lay between us and a shipping product. One fateful day in the Fall of 2011 I met with my old colleague Avi Geiger at one of Seattle's great local craft breweries. Avi was a long-time Microsoft hardware architect and beer aficionado, and as luck would have it, had just left Microsoft. When I told him about what we were doing at PicoBrew he was intrigued. We quickly decided to join forces and Avi became the third PicoBrew co-founder, bringing us the perfect set of complementary new skills (electrical and mechanical engineering). In 2012 our PicoBrew team made rapid progress on a sequence of 4 custom ATMEGA controller boards, firmware, web-side services and software. These improvements manifested themselves in Functional Prototypes 1 through 3 (FPs). In August we started refining our process (especially mash efficiency and hops utilization) and focusing in earnest on reliability and repeat-ability testing, and we took a lease on a 4000 sqft lab/shop/office space in downtown Seattle on North Lake Union. This allowed us to move out of our home shops and into a real wet-lab and shop space and hire full-time employees, expanding our prototyping and testing capabilities tremendously. We were also able to take the final step towards manufacturing our first PicoBrew product by hand-building final Engineering Validation Test (EVT) units. Hundreds of test batches through Picobrew's lab The past year has been spent mostly refining our PicoBrewing process, testing recipes, and refining prototypes of the custom parts we need as well as sourcing our necessary off-the-shelf parts. (Avi's quite the CAD-jock, but we had some great summer intern help too!) Now, after over 3 years, thousands of man-hours of effort and over a dozen prototypes, we're almost ready to manufacture the world's most automatic all-grain home-brewing appliance! We're most excited to be shipping you the first Zymatic(TM) beer brewing machines but we also think you'll love our logo t-shirts: We're excited to partner with Seattle-based designer Will Hays to bring you this artist's series of shirts as well: The possibilities for what you can Picobrew are unlimited, but we've tried to capture a few of these on our 32oz growler to help you see what's in your beer. You can pick up these up along with some tasting glasses and a paddle (replete with inset aluminum pucks to keep your beer cold) to share your beers with your friends for a $39 pledge. Whew, It's been a long journey! We now have our machines at the final EVT (Engineering Validation Test) phase, though, and we're really excited to introduce PicoBrewing to the world! We have a few final steps before we can start manufacturing the PicoBrew Zymatic(tm), and some of them, like cutting the tools for injection molding of our step-filter, are expensive. So we need your help: Please pledge today and allow us to take these final steps to bring you the most automatic all-grain beer brewing machine at the best price we can arrange! Thank you from the PicoBrew Team! Hi Zymatic Backers! We know it’s been a while since you’ve heard from us on here, and we wanted to fill you in on some exciting news. Our Pico U campaign is live now as we introduce the world’s first universal brewing appliance. You’ve been with us since the beginning and we can’t thank you enough for your support. We’re going beyond beer with this one…Pico U brews coffee, kombucha, tea, dry soda, fusion beverages, and craft beer. Make your own ice-cold black rice horchata, crisp lemon cilantro dry soda, yerba mate chai, and more. Check out this weekend update from our Chief Science Officer and co-founder, Jim Mitchell, and Program Manager, Mike Brennan. They’re going over all the details about fusion beverages and more. We don’t want to spill all the beans (err, coffee beans?) but there might even be a demo at the end. Take a few minutes to watch our latest video update and head over to our Pico U Kickstarter page to learn more ! Cheers! If you have been looking at KegSmarts™ now's the time to act! Less than 48 hours remain to lock in Kickstarter prices and delivery time-frames. (As you know from experience, we focus on our Kickstarter backers first, so there will be a delay in shipment/delivery for items ordered post-Kickstarter) New CO2 KegPlate and Kegs A La Carte The CO2 Plate is an item we're quite proud of. Simply rest your 5lb CO2 tank on the plate and KegSmarts™ will track your CO2 use and alert you when you’re getting low. In fact, you can even get an alert when you have a CO2 leak (and if you haven’t had one of those before, consider yourself lucky!) If you’d like a CO2 plate, just add $59 to your pledge today. The other item we've added, by popular request, are 5G Cornelius kegs for $99 and no extra shipping cost. These do not include a shortened dip tube or KegSeal like the kegs in the PicoBrew store....they're just straight-up 5G corny kegs for racking your beer. Just increment your pledge by $99 for every keg you want and we'll take care of you. New T-Shirt and Additional Sticker We're throwing in a new T-Shirt (and stickers) for $999 and up pledges. Show your support for Fresh Craft Beer Technology with our Mt. Rainier shirt! We’re in the home stretch right now, so please help spread the good word on KegSmarts™! As always, thanks for your support! -The PicoBrew Team Hello Zymatic® Backers, If you’re looking for the perfect companion to your PicoBrew Zymatic®, please have a look at KegSmarts™ before our KegSmarts™ Kickstarter campaign ends! KegSmarts™ can help you ferment and dispense your beer as precisely as you PicoBrewed it. If you don’t yet own a kegerator: Our KegSmarts™ kegerator is the best quality+value available in stand-alone kegerators in all the ways that matter most: temperature range, capacity, quiet operation, stainless tower and front panel, top quality Perlick faucets and Tap-Rite regulators. KegSmarts™ integrated into the kegerator makes it an appliance that can ferment your beer automatically, controlled by your PicoBrew recipe schedules, and allows you to serve your beer at precise temperatures too. With the addition of KegPlates ™, your KegSmarts™ kegerator can automatically track how much beer you have left. (Alternately, you can manually track your beer level via convenient encoder-presses). With the addition of KegWarmers ™, your KegSmarts™ kegerator can maintain separate temperatures for up to two kegs. It’s like having two kegerators in one! If you already own a kegerator: Adding KegSmarts™ to your standard-tower kegerator is the best upgrade money can buy. Precise temperature control allows you to both ferment and dispense according to programmed temperatures specified in your recipes. Pledge the Build-Your-Own level and you’re on your way. If you don’t have a standard tower kegerator or you have international power requirements, you can still use KegSmarts™. Pledge the Build-Your-Own Experimenter level and you’ll receive a partially disassembled KegSmarts™ unit that’s easy to add to a stand-up refrigerator kegerator or wire for international use. The additional of KegPlates ™ and KegWarmers ™ gives you precise beer-level monitoring and temperature control. Psst! Two New Features! As the software for this product is still undergoing development, we’ve been testing several features for inclusion that we’re very excited about! Now that we’ve done enough testing that we can reveal that these two features are "in": 1. Fermentation Completion Detection. Yes, that’s right, we’ve developed a way to use the precision scales in a KegPlate™ to monitor degree of fermentation! Now you can be alerted when your fermentation has completed and eliminate the guess-work! 2. Tweets/Facebook Updates from your Kegerator! Want to let your social network know that you’ve just tapped a killer keg of your own custom double-IPA? Got you covered! KegSmarts™ now Tweets and posts for you! (If you want it to, of course, and per your settings). Production We've got the 302th unit past QC and awaiting ship! We're happy to report that we're up to 10 units per day which gets us to our 200/mo target. The important part of this target is and has always been getting there with quality , so we're very excited to have achieved this milestone! Kickstarter Final Fullfillment We expect all Kickstarter orders to be shipped by the end of the first week in Dec...Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good PicoBrew! PicoBrew.com Accounts All Kickstarter Zymatic(R) machine-level backers should have received account credentials for PicoBrew.com now. (If you have not, please contact us!). We have been dribbling out new functionality to PicoBrew.com over the past months, but now we're going to do more of a major site update (before the end of the year) that we really think you're going to love. What we have today is functional, but what we're moving to soon really celebrates the magical elixir that is beer! Thanks for making the world a better place through beer! -The PicoBrew Team Production We're continuing to ship, and now finally getting international units in customers hands. We're still seeing units damaged in UPS shipping (ShockWatch stickers on the box indicating trauma) and we may ultimately need to switch carriers, but we're going ahead with one more box modification to see if we can't solve the problem (mostly) ourselves. PicoBrewing Worldwide Wow! You guys rock! There's a whole lot of PicoBrewing going on, and it's starting to go international! Here's the snapshot over the past several days: We're also seeing a steady increase in the number of batches being brewed, which is just as cool: As always, thank you for your continued support as we strive to Get the World Brewing! -The PicoBrew Team Production. 132 units delivered or ready for local pickup, over a dozen more produced and waiting for Step Filters. Last week's Step Filter shipment had a lot of breakage, so we had this Wednesday's shipment packed better...fingers crossed. PicoBrewing Help With more people starting to PicoBrew we're getting more and more questions rolling in about everything from how-hard to press a ball-lock connector down on the post, to how to clean a keg. To help everyone out, we're pleased to announce that we've just posted our first 5 installments of "How To PicoBrew with Annie" on PicoBrew.com PicoBrew at GABF Annie, Jim and Morgan will be attending the Great American Beer Festival this week in Denver, manning the PicoBrew booth. It will be exciting to visit with our brewing industry friends and KickStarter Backers alike ....please stop by our booth, say "hi" and swap some beer (although sadly as an equipment vendor we can't serve beer on the show floor). The rest of the crew are back here in Seattle, beavering away to get your Zymatics out the door. Have a beer for us! Thanks for your support, -The PicoBrew Team Step Filters As per our update last week, Avi has been in Shenzhen this week, working with our plastics factory to fix their issues and get us high-quality Step Filters. We’re pleased to report that Avi has achieved his objective: approximately 100 parts were shot at a quality level Avi has approved, and the parts have been packaged and sent air freight to Seattle. Unfortunately, we haven’t received them yet. We were hoping they’d make it through on Friday, but it now looks like Tuesday is our day (due to the Monday holiday). Production We’ve been getting a steady 5 units per day from our assembly factory, and they’re getting better and better (less problems that we catch in QC and require rework/fixes). We have over 60 units here at PicoBrew now, some waiting for QC and fixes, but *all* waiting for Step Filters. We got kind of impatient and shipped out a dozen machines *without* Step Filters yesterday, with the expectation that when our big Step Filter shipment arrives Tuesday we can expedite shipping of a “second box” (Step Filter and accessories) to catch up to the “first box” for these customers. We really don’t like shipping this way, but we're so eager to ship that we just gambled on the Step Filters arriving Tue like they should. This Beer’s on Us: Thank You for your Patience! We really appreciate your patience. It looks like, once we get our Step Filters on Tue, we should be able to reach our first major production milestone (completing shipment of the first 100 units to customers) next week. It’s been a long journey, and you’ve been very patient with us, so to thank you we’d like to buy you all a beer! A complementary PicoPale recipe kit (pictured above) will start shipping next week to all of our Kickstarter machine backers, starting with the lucky first 50 who already have (or will be getting very shortly) their Zymatic®. For later backers we’ll package these recipe kits with your machines so the ingredients are fresh. PicoPale is one of our tasting-room favorites, and we hope you’ll enjoy this beer on us as a small token of our appreciation. Do us a favor, though, when you make your PicoPale: share a pint with one of the haters on the brew forums....these folks seem like an unhappy lot, and a glass of great tasting pale might just brighten their day (and open their minds!) As always, thanks for your support! -The PicoBrew Team Great news! Last week we received a box of 30 replacement pumps from our pump vendor and put them through our rigorous testing process -- and to our great relief, these all passed QA with flying colors! We're expecting another box of pumps this week, but the exciting thing is, now we can go from the (slow) process of hand-assembling units here at PicoBrew to starting up the production line in Ballard! The image above shows both a hand-assembled unit being shipped and units being assembled at our new assembly line. By the end of this week we'll have a picture of our assembly line throughput and we should be able to answer (with greater fidelity) your "when will my unit ship?" questions. Thanks for your patience and support! -The PicoBrew Team This little devil has been causing us no end of trouble! (manufacturer name blacked out to protect the guilty) We qualified heat-loop pumps from this mainstream pump vendor approximately 1 year ago and have been using them in pre-production machines since then with no problems whatsoever over many hundreds of hours of brewing use. Unfortunately, when we started installing the newer shipment of pumps that we received we started getting mixed modes of failures. One of our local Kickstarter backers experienced this when his machine started leaking from the pump head after 3 batches! (We've since replaced the pump/repaired his machine of course). Jim has spearheaded lifetime testing on these “continuous duty, 30,000 hour life” pumps and with ten brand new pumps saw failure rates over 50% within six hours at temperature and 70% within 10 hours. This compares to zero failures in hundreds of hours of brewing with the previous two batches of pumps from the same vendor. You can see Jim’s automated test rig below (safety covers removed for the photo) We're happy that we didn't ship more than 2 machines with these defective pumps, but at the same time, no manufacturer is happy to have shipped defective parts to a customer, and fortunately our pump vendor is no exception. They have been responsive and we are getting a new lot of pumps to test and working with them to track down and reserve stocks of pumps to employ to keep production from stalling. Meanwhite, machines are trickling out as we hand build and test units using our handful of original/remaining good heat pumps. We can’t start up our assembly line until we have enough heat pumps to install in heat-exchanger loops. Thanks and please stay tuned… -The PicoBrew Team Our ship room (Olivia and Brynna that is) just completed packing and shipping all T-shirts yesterday! Today we'll finish getting the Tasting Sets out. Happy Holidays, The PicoBrew Team Remember, IE doesn't work for the streaming cam (Chrome works fine). Enjoy! By popular demand, here's a link to the backer's bash webcam page: <url>"backersbash" for the live lab camera stream The wide-angle high-resolution camera will be live &amp; streaming, but the other two are cheaper webcams that we can't stream...they'll only post static updates (hit refresh!) All cams go live 5:00pm Saturday You'll need to use Google Chrome or Safari to view this -- Microsoft IE 11 apparently doesn't support MJPEG. Now that the furor of the Kickstarter campaign has died down we're heads-down on getting Zymatic(TM) ready to ship! Our long pole, as we mentioned on our Kickstarter page, is getting injection-molded plastic parts, and Avi's boiled this down to a contest between two remaining vendors. We plan to make the choice next week by the time the Kickstarter funds become available to us, so we can get this tooling on rails. If you pledged for a T-Shirt, look for a poll from us shortly regarding choice and size. If you pledged for a machine, look for a poll from us shortly regarding choice of Backer Bash dates. Taster Sets are currently being manufactured and assembled. We'll contact Taster Set pledgers when these are ready to ship. Thanks for your support -The PicoBrew Team Thanks to your great support we just completed the 2nd best Kickstarter Food-related campaign of all time! (1st place belongs to our friends right up the street at Sansaire ) Thank you! Wow! Astonishing finish to the campaign achieving the last stretch goal with more than an hour to spare! Thank you! We'll send out a poll shortly to find out the best time for the Bash(es), and we look forward to seeing you all there! And for those that can't make it to Seattle, we're going to arrange to stream the event live so you can at least enjoy it vicariously! Cheers! -Your Very Grateful PicoBrew Team We have 18 hours to go and we've already had unprecedented support, but if we can top 650K we want to throw a little party: a PicoBrew Backer Bash! What's a Backer Bash? Well, officially it's a PicoBrew Open House (or two, depending on how many people sign up) for all those of you who pledged at the Zymatic(TM) machine level -- you can come tour our shop, lab and tasting room! You backed it, so why not come touch/see/smell/taste it!?!?! It's your chance to experience PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) machines before they ship (sorry, we can't pay your travel expenses to Seattle). Thank you Zymatic(TM) hardware-level backers! The support you've shown has been overwhelming, and we're happy to announce that you've earned all 4 stretch goal rewards! Here is a summary of the stretch goal rewards we'll be shipping with your machine: Thank you again! Well, you earned it: a spare Keg Lid and Airlock for all Zymatic(tm)-level backers! Looks like we're well on our way to another big milestone too -- 600k! There are still 5 days to go, so here's what we're going to do. We have a special "keg accessory pack" that we were planning on selling separately -- we're now going to throw that in with your Zymatics if/when we hit 600k in pledges. The pack consists of a keg-line jumper that allows you to conveniently pressure-transfer your beer from keg to keg (for example, racking from a 5G fermenting keg to a smaller keg for dispensing) and a party tap, in case you want to sample your beer before it's in the kegerator, or if you want to bring a keg to a party....Party on Kickstarters! Thank you for your votes on the 500K Stretch Goal Reward! The consensus through EOD Friday was very strongly in favor of a spare keg lid (&gt;90%) and airlock so upon reaching 500K we'll be adding this to all machines that ship (in addition to the fermenting lid + airlock already included). Here's a picture of the keg lid (note the hose-barb in place of the pressure-release valve) Looks like we're well on our way to the 500K stretch goal too with 10 days to go, so it's time to set an even bigger stretch goal....Stay tuned! THANK YOU! Today we surpassed our 400k stretch goal! We're super pleased with your support and as promised we will now be including sampling ports with all machines...(we think you're going to love 'em....this is what we use everyday in the lab to draw our samples!) Time for a new stretch goal: 500k! This is a big number, and we had some debate about what the best reward would be for hitting this major milestone. We decided to turn this one over to you: what do you want for a reward? You're the ones out spreading the word about PicoBrewing, so you get to decide! Here are some of our favorite ideas: an extra brewing/fermenting keg lid and airlock a commemorative tee shirt calling you out as one of the pioneering PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) product backers/owners a choice of a cool green OLED instead of the stock white one we use (Kickstarter only) Please do send us messages with your choice--- we'll tally your input and make the call on Friday evening! As promised, we have an update on an international release: we're pleased to announce today that we’re adding an International Reward Level! This means is that we are making PicoBrew Zymatic™ available now in 110v or 220v versions (your choice) to ship to your international location (non-US and Canada). How it works: Your pledge now + shipping costs you pay when we arrange your shipment will get you shipment of a Zymatic™ unit direct from PicoBrew. You assume responsibility for import of the machine into your country which includes adherence to any local import laws, paying any import fees/taxes, and generally dealing with the country-specific stuff that we as a small start-up without a fleet of international tax experts are not equipped to deal with. (Est. shipping size/weight: 22”x16”x18” and 65 lbs) Outstanding! We're at 200% of goal in less than a week! Custom keg cozies coming your way! In this update we wanted to say Thank You , set our next stretch goal, and give you answers to the most common questions we're getting. New stretch goal: 400k At 400k we're going to give all backers at the $1299 level and up a PicoBrew Sampling Port . If you want to see how your beer wort is coming along mid-mash (perhaps you want to check a gravity reading and see how your nifty custom 15-step mash is doing) you need to draw a sample. How do you do that? Normal sampling is a bit messy, but with our valved sampling port all you do is twist on a syringe, pull the plunger, and twist the syringe off -- no muss, no fuss! (Includes the port inline in your keg connection hose + syringes). General Availability: $1999 and up starting Summer 2014 We're constantly being asked when we anticipate general availability and what the MSRP will be. At this point we're focused 100% on Kickstarter pledges and shipping Kickstarter rewards. We anticipate post-kickstarter pricing to start at $1999 and begin next summer. International: We're working on it! We've been working with our lawyer and a regulatory expert to see what we can ship and where. We're engineers, so we're confident we can get the engineering work done, but we want to make sure that we abide by a country's laws before we announce we can ship there. Expect an update this week! Sous Vide: Yes, you can Sous Vide with the PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) Cooking is not the main purpose of our machines, brewing is! But as Jim is fond of saying, "what goes better with a great beer than a great steak?" The fact is that YES... the PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) IS a great Sous Vide machine, so we're not going to hide that fact from you. We'll be publishing all of Jim's Sous Vide recipes along with our proven reference beer recipes (Jim cooks for us at PicoBrew every Wednesday: "Steak Wednesdays", and, well, we all look forward to Wednesdays!). One of the things we have planned on including with all PicoBrew machines is an off-the-shelf keg-cozy, like that shown in our main product image (but the 5G version). Why? Well, the keg radiates a lot of heat, and insulating it speeds up your brew time. And we didn’t want you to have to buy one yourself (these babies are $40-$50 ea!) Anyway, thanks to your great support we are now prepared to offer not just a stock keg cozy…we’re going to give you a custom keg cozy with every PicoBrew Zymatic™ system! (Assuming we hit our stretch goal) Why custom instead of off-the-shelf? Turns out that slipping those off-the-shelf cozies on/off the kegs is not so easy (think sliding a sweater on/off a hot stainless-steel wiener-dog!) So ours opens up via either snaps or a zipper (we’re testing both as we speak to see what works best). And, of course, ours has our favorite PicoBrew beer-on-black colored design as well, as you can see in the picture. Thanks, The PicoBrew Team OK, we've got to stop using "wow" but, well ....Wow!!! It's awesome that you guys love the PicoBrew concept! We just wanted to let you know that we really appreciate your support, and we're getting set to announce a reward for hitting the stretch goal of 200%/$300K! We're just taking a few pictures and talking to manufacturers so we can make this announcement with confidence....stay tuned! The PicoBrew Team We're very excited and humbled by the amount of support you've shown for PicoBrewing!!! It's just been overwhelming! Avi, Jim and I celebrated at 5:00 today with our favorite PicoBrewed beers (Jim: a roasty black lager, Avi a clone of Pliny the Elder, and Bill, a recipe that tastes suspiciously like Heady Topper). We're so lucky to have such great support (and to have the ability to crank out kegs of our favorite beers on demand!). Thank you Kickstarters! The PicoBrew Founders When we started PicoBrew we thought that maybe, just maybe there were a bunch of like-minded individuals out there who shared our passion for great beer and beer brewing and wanted a better way to make beer......WOW!!! Turns out there are: over $100K pledged in less than 24 hours! You guys rock! We're just totally jazzed! After celebrating, we're now tanked up on espresso (the other great Seattle beverage) and back to work, heads-down on bringing PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) out into the world! Cheers, and thanks for your support! The PicoBrew Team Actually, we have to stick to plan and go in tier-order, so we're into the $1499/"First Production" units now, with "International" next. We're working on getting a CE mark for the International Units. David's correct. Many more machines built but we're out of Step Filters again until a big shipment arrives mid next week. This and other items will be covered in the next update shortly. @Albin: Address confirmed Ships passing in the night. See the update I just posted. Thanks for your understanding and support Mark and Larry. Despite our thorough testing in the lab, as a final "release checkpoint" to make sure the fixes we've made are everything that's needed, Jim, Avi and I each took home a production machine last weekend and brewed 2 batches in our kitchens (each). Worked like a charm. I just racked my PicoPale yesterday, carbed it overnight, and had some today....delicious! It's going to be a big test and ship week this week and I pledge to you an update Friday letting you know how many machines we got out the door. You have every right to demand updates David, but I appreciate the message. Only Jim, Avi and I from PicoBrew are allowed to respond to these comments, and I'm the only one who does Kickstarter updates, so we're the ones falling down on the communications. I just wanted to make sure that you know that a key reason Jim, Avi and I aren't on email/comments & project updates is that we're putting in 18 hour days trying to get our production problems all sorted out. Believe me, we're all looking forward to vacations once machines are churning out smoothly and everyone is happy....maybe I can hand deliver you your unit (before Christmas) as part of my vacation? :-) Thanks for bearing with us. Bill Any backers who would like to stop by and see the operation & where we are on shipping firsthand are welcome to stop by. We can't promise a great tour right now since we're all heads-down trying to get units out the door, and our premises are full of machines and parts, but as those of you who *have* stopped by to pick up your units know, we're 100% open about everything...We've just been very very busy debugging, testing and shipping.. @All – We are working on an update for later tonight which will include details associated with TASC, our new production facility, and our venture to partner with another larger capacity production facility. @David Black - Hey David, our new production facility took a little longer to get off the ground than they expected it would take. Thus far, we've shipped a total of 38 Zymatics and are testing the next 16 in house. We're working on getting another larger production facility on-line and will keep you posted as this develops. @Elliott – As we have communicated before, PicoBrew accounts are associated with individual Zymatics and thus cannot be created until we have specific serial numbers for the Zymatic it will be associated with. Due to this, we are creating accounts for entire tiers as we reach them. This not only allows for us to associate with Zymatics being constructed but also allows for us to respond efficiently to questions posed by brewers who have received their machines and need immediate assistance. If anyone has questions, the best way to reach us is by emailing us at <email>. We appreciate your continued patience during this hectic yet exciting time and will keep you up to date as new information surfaces. -The PicoBrew Team Ingredient kits: You don't *need* to buy kits! We put these together strictly for customer convenience, so that you can just click a link and pre-packaged ingredients arrive on your doorstep. This saves you having to go to the homebrew store with your recipe, selecting and grinding your grain there, selecting your hops and yeast there, and taking it all home before you can brew. We are not licensing these exclusively to Mountain Homebrew -- the goal is to just get the kits out and available online for people. If you have a favorite homebrew shop that would like to carry the kits, point them our way and we'll see if we can hook them up. In the meantime, we like Mountain and shop-owner Jon Mendrick and we're very happy that they're carrying the kits. Here's a link: <url>#420 depends on how fast we can get a 3rd source online. Right now we assemble/test at PicoBrew at ~15/week and TASC (our 2nd source) at approx. 25/week. So that's a 160/mo rate. We're looking at 2 different higher volume "3rd sources" to replace Schippers, (our original 1st source) to get us another 100-200/mo. So with what we have today (Picobrew + Tasc) unit #420 would ship the 2nd week of Oct. If we can sign one of the 3rd sources we could potentially shave a month or more off of that. Hand-assembled units continue to be shipped, but the big news is that we're starting up the line today at our assembly factory....big day for us! We'll do an update today with pictures and details..... Yes, the heater core is different for the 220/240v units David, sorry for the slow response. @Hugh Keg sleeve will be coming with the PicoBrew Zymatic shipment. @Larry & all Thank you for your continual support; we couldn't have done this without you. First customer shipment will be happening shortly with access to the forums and recipe crafter for all shortly after. We'd love to have precision for you David, but the plastics holdup makes our final dates hard to gauge. Since we're about 2 months behind on plastics, I think it is likely that we're going to be about 2 months behind on our overall targets (end of March vs. end of Jan for first units shipping). The silver lining, if there is one, is that we're not sitting on our thumbs as we wait: We've been testing, fixing bugs and making product improvements. Also, we've been creating new recipes for the recipe database (13 award-winners so far not including Annie Johnson's recipes!) You are going to like our update today Brandon! No special machine requirements! You can log into your account on www.picobrew.com from even a tablet or smartphone. As far as getting early access to the RecipeCrafter: we create accounts and match them to machines as the machines are shipped. It may be possible to create all accounts at once and leave them un-associated with machines prior to shipping, but we'll have to look into this... Hi Leslie!! Just sent you a message about your shirt's delivery status!! I'll be posting an update later today but... . No plastics yet....that's the long pole....switched to Eastman Tritan for the (originally) Polycarbonate parts to make sure we don't have a BPA issue (esp for Europe). Expecting parts now the week of the 20th. Switched pumps in Dec as well to address some long-term reliability issues and it's a race to get the new parts in volume before Golden Week factory shutdowns in China. Everything else is proceeding as expected, everyone is heads-down. Hi Steven. Happy to share. The final CAD for the long-lead tooled parts is out although we’re still negotiating some cosmetic details with the toolmaker. We still expect to see FOT ("first off tool") parts in early January. Reliability testing, assembly, software development and additional recipe development continues on schedule. Our recipe calculator accounts for grain absorption, trub and other losses to give you a specific amount of starting water to place in your keg that will ultimately yield 2.5G of finished beer. Taster sets ship for December 2013. No problem. Thanks all for the kind words. Cole - its not automatic, but you can definitely do it. For a one time experiment it would be pretty easy to add a manual diverter valve on the way to the keg to let you pull off wort for decoction or turbid mashing, then just dump it back into the keg. If you really wanted, you could also update the open source firmware to run some electronic controlled valves and go to town. Thanks Nils! That's great information! To all of our international backers, we've already started meeting with carriers and are going to work hard to find competitive rates and get your goods across safely with the least work possible on your end. Unfortunately it takes time to compare and negotiate for the best rates so we won't have any numbers until long after the campaign closes. And you are certainly welcome to use your own freight forwarder if that makes more sense for you. Jonathan - during the boil, near-boiling temperature water is pumped from the keg, through the heat exchanger to control temperature exactly, dropped against a series of mesh screens (aiding the "vigorousness" with the hops cage and an additional filter, and then drained back into the keg. the venting is twofold. one is out the top of the step filter and also out the top of the keg where we also collect and trap some volatiles in the foam (keeping it from re-entering the beer). I wish there was an easy way for you to taste our kolsch or pilsner as that would probably settle it without question. Matthew. -- We shorten the dip tubes on the keg and that works quite well for transferring without trub. You could use a plate chiller inline but we've had great results with a simple immersion chiller which is a lot more water efficient unless you have a glycol chilling loop for your plate chiller (though the immersion chiller does require ice). Hi Hugh. There is venting on the back and sides as well as the front. Hi Ninjah. There's a pretty good mix of custom and off the shelf parts, most of the parts that could wear are off the shelf but there are some custom seals as well. We've done quite a bit of testing (and component changes accordingly) in the hundreds of batches we have run in the lab and are going to do more rigorous reliability testing as the production parts get finalized and hope to be able to fix any issues long before you get your machine. And, of course we'll make spares and repair parts available. Hi Julian. That's a smaller capacity keg in the video. In most cases you'll want a 5G keg for brewing and fermenting. We buy most of our 5G cornies used, because you can get them for < $50 ea that way, but when we buy new places like MoreBeer have good prices ($110 now for 5G) <url>"w x 17"h x 14.5"d and about 50lbs. As far as building them in: we know our friend and KS backer Jeff Bowlby, owner of Abodian (www.abodian.com) is excited about offering Zymatic as a built-in to his custom cabinetry, so it's possible. Keep in mind that just like ovens/microwaves there are heat and vapor venting issues to deal with. Software-wise, in response to J Wynia's question: Developers rock, and we definitely welcome you! The firmware will be released open-source with the machines first ship (frankly, it's not too useful until you have a machine to run it on). On the web-side we've written software for recipe import, creation and sharing, data logging and brew session viewing. We're working on the Web APIs that will allow you to do your own thing on the web side without having to rewrite the entire firmware stack (which, btw, you will also be able to do if you so desire). Craig... Yes, we've updated this in our FAQ and would be happy to have any of you pick up your machine from our office in Seattle. Chris... We're engineers and scientists, not lawyers and accountants. We'll do what those people tell us to. Hi Eric. Glad you are excited about it. Yes, of course we'd be thrilled to have you get a t-shirt and growler with your machine. Just add the relevant costs to your pledge and we'll give you a spot on the backer survey to let us know what you'd like. Thanks! Crank up the clone machine 101 'best' beers in America <url>" and you will know when your (product's) in transit because we will send you an email with the tracking #s on it." Yes that's why I posted a comment here. I am one of the earliest international backers but haven't got an email when my picobrew would be shipped out and based on the numbers, I would have been notified and received it. Ronnie, See the UPDATES (54) page...it's second from the left, above. Backer log in is necessary. Some of the international units have been sent.. (there's a map w.some of the countries)....notice the last update for more info...hope this helps A. Hi First production is all sent, when are you delivering the international backers ? Hi backers, Just want to let you all know how happy my brewing partner and I are with our Zymatic. It's worth the wait. I have been brewing since the winter of 2000/2001. We received our Zymatic in late August and have brewed 8 brews (7 recipes). We have been able to drink 5 so far after bottle conditioning, and every one tastes as good or better than what we have brewed using our traditional set up. The Just Squeezed recipe is fantastic. There's some good info on the Picobrew forum after signing in. Lots of tricks from those of us who have been picobrewing for a while. And Annie has posted good overview videos (which you don't need to sign in for). If you plan on brewing more than one 2.5 gallon recipe in a month, I recommend either buying a second brew keg (shorten the tube as instructed) or transferring cooled wort to sanitized standard fermentation vessels like a carboy, etc. Finally, if you run into any problems, just send Picobrew a support ticket (accessed through the sign in portal). Picobrew responds really really quickly his way. They have been my single best customer service experience in memory. Cheers, Mark M Dear Creator, i responded your survey (18/10) for international backers but haven't received an answer from you. i basically would like to get the REFUND at this time. I don't feel safe importing PicoBrew without all the certifications specially living in Australia. If i get something broken or faulty product on delivery it'll be hard dealing the issue from Australia. I reckon that the wisest move at this time is wait a few years until PicoBrew get all certifications and stablished in the market before I order one. It's a very hard decision to make because my wife and I were dreaming about it... We're beer lovers. Waiting for your reply, Regards Marcus Dunno if anyone else has seen this kickstarter, but the CO2 pressurized growler's look GREAT! <url>"picobrew" if they sent the info/password to you, you should find it there. You also have to sign a user agreement. Anthony, usually just enter your user name and password. Having said that, it doesn't seem to recognize either of mine, tonight. Those being 1. my email address or 2. my screen name from here. They did mention that the access is set up on shipment of your unit. Unless that has changed. How does one get there picobrew.com account? Link for the KIRO video >Start Ups <url>"Shipping Update #8: Schedule and More" there is a photo at Engadget Live Seattle event that shows a box with three tap heads. What was that box and does and is it a refrigeration device? @donevan - I'm taking a stab that I'm about 325 based on looking at the funding $ chart on kicktraq and the date I backed On that basis I'm guessing I am currently a late September / early October ship ie still 2 - 2.5 months to wait :( Sorry you have to deal with bad contractors! I'm so happy that you schooled them in how people with integrity deal with that kind of shadiness. Thank you for being awesome! How do you determine what unit number you will receive? I think I was one of the first in line for the first production run putting me in the low 100's. I haven't heard anything regarding delivery (I live in Seattle so prefer to pick up). Based on the updates, I'd expect to hear something by now. Thanks Steven - just buy the ingredients at your local hbs ? - it just won't be a kit Regarding the ingredient kits, will they be available from other suppliers or only Mountain Homebrew? Otherwise I have to go through some awkward freight forwarding services to get it into Europe. Has anyone still here received theirs yet ? Any comments on how it is going ? Any PicoBrew owners in Chicago area let me know, I'm installing mine at the home brew store I manage and would love to have other Pico owners in the area meet up for discussion and brew sessions! The store is Grow Masters in Gurnee btw and do have the best ingredient selection in Midwest. Let's have a homebrew suviche some steaks and talk PicoBrewing! I agree with Alan A brief update would be great. How many have shipped, how many people have access to the website, any new issues that change previous time estimates etc..? thanks Hi, Can we get an update on the shipping status? It's more than understandable if there are additional issues being encountered! But what is key at this point is that you routinely communicate with updates since you have primed the community for 'pending' receipt of their orders :). Letting two or more weeks pass after announcing commencement of initial shipping suggests that there is not an internally established process of external communication to the community. Is there a timeline for providing the web APIs and firmware source code per the original FAQ? Shipping status update would be great if possible..... How is production going? About time for another status update? Excited to get my PicoBrew...any update on early access to the forums and recipe crafter for those of us still awaiting delivery of our units? I want my PicoBrew! I've got a fever, and the only prescription is more automated home brew beer! Ignore the �......... Congratulations on starting up the line � Bump on my question re voltages.. Hi PicoBrew - a thought, for those of us that are 220/240v do you need to do many changes to the 110/120v unit or are all of the components dual voltage ? Thanks Hi PicoBrew Now that you've started to ship some units and solved most (hopefully!) of the problems do you have any revised shipping dates for each of the kickstarter levels ? The pre-order store says pre-orders deliver August and general availability September so I assume that would put the last kickstarter units as no later than August ? Any info. would be great thanks David ABV potential is going to be a function of batch size. You can make whatever style you want but your final volume will be limited by the fixed amount of grain you can fit in the step filter. Also, no reason why you cannot add additional malt extract or sugar adjuncts during the boil phase to increase original gravity. Hello, I thought this was mentioned at some point, but I can't remember and I haven't had luck finding it - what is the highest ABV possible with the picobrew? Will old ales or barleywines be possible? Thanks! Please don't rush these out with a bunch of bugs. Get it right and then get them to us. JMG I have been convinced from the beginning that this was a great idea and backed it because of the solid background the team brought to the table. After the backers bash it was evident this was going to happen. I have a lot of folks I have shared this with, that I can tell are doubting. I don't mind waiting for the final product cause it will be right. Thank you guys for not rushing and half stepping or compromising. would love to get the gluten free recipe. I've just stumbled across this podcast with @Picobrew - <url>"everything on track" it would be great to know how things are going ! I saw in an earlier comment that you were expecting FOT parts in early Jan - is that still on track ? Thanks David Got my kegerator for Xmas and found out on Xmas eve that I got into the graduate diploma university course in brewing I applied for :) Looking forward to experimenting in 2014 with the PicoBrew :) I didn't mean to rename your company... I meant PicoBrew. Just got my growler and tasting set in the mail. Everything arrived safe and sound. Happy Holidays to everyone at PickBrew! Chris You attach a 5G keg but it was always clear (at least to me) that it made 2.5G ? Cheers David Hello, In response to this post "Our recipe calculator accounts for grain absorption, trub and other losses to give you a specific amount of starting water to place in your keg that will ultimately yield 2.5G of finished beer" I thought the Picobrew made 5G of beer in each run? Hi PicoBrew! Thank you so much for the awesome backers bash this weekend! We had a lot of fun and it was great to talk to everyone on the team. The beer was amazing; much better than anything I've managed to brew with friends in our limited attempts so far. I'm looking forward to the arrival of the machine and can't wait to start our first brew! Thanks again! Attended the backer bash yesterday, and now I'm even more excited - I didn't think it was possible. It was great to talk to everyone there - team members especially, but also other backers. Everyone I went with agreed on a favorite - gluten free Epiphany - but our second places were as varied as the styles (personally was a big fan of the Maharaja Brown and Short & Stout). I can't wait to be making some of these amazing beers at home (and experimenting with my own)! Thanks everyone at Picobrew for the wonderful night - the tour, the talk, and of course the beer. Keep up the great work! What's the ETA on the backer "gifts"? I'm hoping to get Christmas early :) Cheers! How much information can we expect to get with regards to production status and scheduling. Will you tell us when you expect to approve FOT parts, pass MDVT etc and when you actually do. I know we are not entitled to any of that information but I'm feeling slightly burned by an Indiegogo project I backed a while ago that has slipped on its schedule. How do the water volumes work? Do you fill the keg with a specific amount of water for a specific recipe? If less water is absorbed than needed, does it just dilute the wort? Been trying to get my head around this part. Attended the first backer bash last night. It was great to meet the team behind this project. Tasted some great beers; Party Porter, Short and Stout, and D_____ Amber were my particular favorites. Jim's "PicoBrewed" pork was also fantastic! Now I really can't wait for for my Zymatic. Did the backer event happen ? Looking forward to seeing photos and video from this weekends backer event !! I can't make it there; can I delegate my backer bash invite to a friend that lives up there? Any news on the dates of the backer events? Looks like my Dec 6th and 7th opened up. What should we enter on the survey if we don't plan on making it to any of the backer events? The survey gives an error that all required fields must be populated if I don't select any of the dates. Are the dates for the backer events in the survey for sure dates? As in go ahead and buy a plane ticket? Please don't pick the 7th, that's the MLS final! Unless, of course, you're just bitter after the Timbers trounce the Sounders tomorrow. ;) What survey ? Did I miss something or did it not go to international backers ? Won't be able to make any of those dates in the survey for the bash. Bummer. A good article on picobrew and the recipes that will be coming with our units. Cant wait to start brewing with it. <url>"picobrew" community started on Google+. File under wishful thinking>> How about parties-D&P shows in NYC and Chicago/Omaha for those of us not fortunate enough to live on the Left Coast? Was perusing the Nomiku site, and that's something they mentioned. And for the internationals...go global! Congratulations on being funded! On behalf of the international backers, big thank you for arranging the shipping procedures! Wishing you guys success in reaching the next stretch goal. Is the date right on the taster set, 2014? Hoping to get a Christmas gift. Is there anyway to do more complicated mashes such as decoction or turbid? I can't imagine how that would be possible. Thanks for the update on shipping and congratulations on breaking $600k !! Thanks for the update on shipping and congratulations on breaking $600k !! I just signed up yesterday but if there is anyone else in the UK wondering about shipping, it’s not that complex to arrange, or terribly expensive: You need to find a Freight Forwarder (I’m going to use PH Logistics UK Limited, as I know through my work as an Export manager, Tel: (44) 121 764 7033), or alternatively go to someone like DHL / UPS. They will want the Tariff Code that determines the Duty and this is 8479899790 (<url>#import) and will cost you 1.7%. Unfortunately HMRC will then want 20% Tax on the cost of goods, so expect that to be around £200. Whoever you use, you want to ask for the transport to be “Ex Works” as this means they will arrange to collect from PicoBrew in Seattle and deliver to the address you specify (be sure to ask whoever arranges the transport to also include insurance unless you want to organise this yourself). The final delivery address can account for up to as much as 50% of the transport cost, so no two quotes will be the same but my expectation for door to door / Ex Works transport (including insurance) will be in the region of $200 to $300. That brings the total delivered cost of the Zymatic to around £1350 / £1,400. @Alex I'll be getting some of these instead: <url>"third" Hector's suggestion. I second Hector's suggestion. Would be a lovely though to be able to get going once we get the picobrew. Nearer shipping a website / forum to swap hints / tips / recipes etc would be great (or a dedicated area on an existing home brew forum) ? A keg and ingredients for the first recipe would be awesome for the 600k stretch goal! I know you've mentioned DMS in the FAQ, but can you clarify exactly how the wort flow functions during the "boil", and at what point that enables evaporation of volatiles? My understanding is that the wort is exposed to air while passing through the hop compartments, and the claim is that there's enough exposure there for DMS control... this is pretty much the only thing keeping me on the fence. Do you have a recipe database already built that we could see? :) Two quick questions: 1) I've heard that, for keg fermentation, a cask widge float works really nice to avoid getting a lot of trub. Would that interfere with the picrobrew during operation? Granted that using a 5g should have plenty of room to attach afterwards. 2) Would an in-line plate chiller work to cool the wort as it goes back? And we made it 500k ! Holy cow! I thought this might stall out around 450k, but it just keeps heading up, up, up. I can't wait to pop that first cold one next spring. David, or other, if one is patient...lol...Ocean freight shipping is reasonable, and I note they have a drop off in Seattle. Their site indicates country specials, now and again. regular price is $353 min. <url>"timed" in any fashion. From the webpage screenshot it looks like timing for the hops is in there but from the pictures I don't see how those compartments would be timed properly. Would that still have to be manual? I also wondered why the 5G keg seems to be a requirement? My consumption isn't high enough to justify a 5G brew so I hope we could brew smaller batches still. @Anthony Salter - Malt is part of the grain bill, and must make up 50% of the bill to be considered beer. Other grains are considered adjuncts. This is the Kickstarter that convinced me to create an account. Cheers! Wow, tough call guys... All three generous offers, a commemorative Tee would be nice, but I would have to go with the extra equipment! Thanks! Rod Foster Any of those 400k rewards would be cool, but I'll vote for the cool green oled. I should say hops + grain + malt + water = wort (+ yeast) = beer...error on my formula :-) Hey QQ: how / when / does malt play into this whole deal? I know when I've been homebrewing at Gallagher's in Edmonds, WA. the ingredients are hops + grain + malt + = wort (+ yeast) = beer. Does the machine not need malt? Or how does that work? Thanks - am SO SO excited to get my PicoBrew. 500k Stretch Goal Vote. • an extra brewing/fermenting keg lid and airlock Also please include a Keg and ingredients for first recipe for all levels of machine. Oh yeah, stretch goal complete. Seems like there is time for another one... Does it vent only from the front or is there venting out the rear as well? I was wondering about the Zymatic's long-term serviceability. How much of the device is composed of custom-made pieces vs off-the-shelf parts that I could find replacements for, should they fail? The things that come to mind as likely failure-through-use points would be the water pump(s), heating element(s), valves, any soft-sealing tracks or o-rings exposed to heat, etc. I learned about Pico Brew a few weeks ago but was on the fence about getting one. But then I was at the Great American Beer Festival this weekend as a volunteer pouring beer and who should wander by but Dr Chris White. I poured him a beer and asked him what he thought of the device. He said it looked promising from his prototype and that he had used the copy White Labs has. I asked if he thought it was worth it and he said I should consider it. So now I'm a backer looking forward to my Pico to be delivered in April. In your photos and video, the keg shown is shorter and wider than the 5G keg in the link below. Are the kegs you're showing a different capacity? I've only seen 2.5G kegs that shape. The machine is outside of my brew budget, but as a homebrewer and Arduino dabbler, I'm happy to support your project. Good luck with the manufacturing! Where do you source your 5g Cornelius kegs from? I haven't been able to find one the shape you show in the video. I've only found the ones that are taller and skinnier. Is your company thinking of producing a larger Zymatic in the future? I know that shipping cost will be calculated once they are ready to go, but do you have even a rough ballpark of what it will be? are we looking at an additional $50, $100.. or even more? Just trying to figure a ballpark of what it will cost in total for the Picobrew. It says you're going to include wireless networking with the Zymatic, but are you going to be keeping the ethernet port as well? What else will I need to finish my beer with the machine and the add ons? What is a good container to ferment the brew and what else might be needed to have an End to end process working? Thanks! I'm excited to be in the second production group with some friends! We had a couple of questions (at least for now :)): - What kind of anti-foam and foam collapser does it come with? - Is there a way to get additional keg lids so we can ferment multiple batches at a time? Thanks!! You guys might be interested in this other Kickstarter going on: <url>#2 in this weeks top new crowdfunding projects list: <url>"favorites". I have been begging for a Zymatic test unit for months....so now I get my chance. The guys have been kind enough to us (as a vendor) to keep us supplied in some sample brews and each one is better than the last. I _love_ this. I've been dreaming about making my own delicious beer for years, and now I can, amazing! This is probably the coolest thing I've ever seen. I have a friend who brews and has quite an extensive series on Youtube that I enjoy watching. Still, I've been intimidated to venture into it. Until this! I have a quick question about the backing levels. Does the Zymatic kit levels come with any of the other backer levels (i.e. growler, shirts, glasses)? It would be cool to rep the new system we'll be making our friends before we get it. If not, maybe consider it as a stretch goal? Great Seattle Times article on PicoBrew: <url>