Click the image to go to Iron Circus Comics' online shop! Poorcraft was Iron Circus Comics' very first crowdfunding project. Written by C. Spike Trotman and illustrated by Diana Nock, the result was an award-winning, critically-acclaimed volume of awesome advice on living the frugal life. I think it came out pretty great, and a lot of other folks agree: Poorcraft can now be found in high school libraries, adult education curricula, college bookstores, and countless graduation gift boxes. And Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here is the sequel, a brand-new guide to help folks plan vacations that don't wipe out their savings! The cover! Just needs a little color, and a little you! Diana Nock has returned to illustrate Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here, with an all-new script by Ryan Estrada, cartoonist and epic world traveler. Ryan is the author of "Learn to Read Korean in 15 Minutes" and "Travel Anywhere on $20 a day," as well as many other stories and graphic novels. He grew up in Michigan, was an ambassador to Australia, an undocumented animator in Canada, busted ghosts in South Korea, wandered Kim Jong Il's secret tunnels to North Korea, slept on a bench in a typhoon in Japan, dug toilets for tsunami victims in Thailand, wandered illegally into Burma, explored Cambodia, Malaysia, Singapore and Laos, offered his hair to the gods in India, hunted hyena skulls in Kenya, fainted atop Kilimanjaro in Tanzania, lived on a Costa Rican beach and a Panamanian volcano, boated to Colombia, met blue-footed boobies in Ecuador, and fell into Lake Titicaca in Peru. All on a cartoonist's salary. It's 132 black and white pages, and apart from cameo spots on both the front cover and 11 interior pages, it's ready for print. No, really! Just look at all those pages! And the best part? We're streamlining this Kickstarter for a quick delivery before the spring. No bells and whistles, just a better book in your hands faster. Now's your chance to grab both the original Poorcraft and its new sequel at a discount, and help make Wish You Were Here even snazzier! Sure thing! A bit of page 49! Choosing your accommodations. Page 33 is all about transportation! Page 25 will get you better airline food. Page 12 wants you to pack less. Pretty cool, huh? Heavier paper stock? French flaps? An embossed cover? Who knows! But if Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here hits $20,000, the books just get better. Cuz who doesn't like fancy books? AAH, UNLOCKED!!!!! AWESOME BOOKS FOR EVERYONE! If the Poorcraft Kickstarter hits $30,000, every single backer will be treated to a full digital collection of author Ryan Estrada's travel comics! Adventures with Japanese tsunamis, Korean homeless men, accidental cocaine smuggling, surprise insect swarms, and MORE. He's lived it, so you don't have to! Wanna see more? Head to poorcraft.com to preview 30 pages of Wish You Were Here, along with 130 pages of the original Poorcraft. Poorcraft.com updates every day with brand-new comics for the whole Kickstarter! Kickstarter video created by Matt Sheridan and C. Spike Trotman. Music: "Batty McFaddin" by Kevin MacLeod, "Cockpit" by Silent Partner All art by Diana Nock (except for Ryan Estrada's self portraits). Sound effects: Coin drop by TheDJoe93 Motorcycle engine by severaltimes Hey, all. Spike here. Long time, no chat! Don't get too excited, this is a quick, li'l, Kickstarter-mandated update. This account was founded in 2009, the year Kickstarter launched, under the name "IronSpike." The name I used everywhere, so that was only natural. However, in the last 12 years? It's grown into something far beyond just me. Iron Circus Comics, formerly just a glorified self-publishing DBA, has grown into a small-mid graphic novel publishing house, the largest of its kind in Chicago, possibly the entire Midwest. And as such, just calling this account "IronSpike" doesn't really make sense, anymore. Especially since so many other ICC editors, managers, and publicists are using it. As such, I've been chatting with Kickstarter Customer Service, and they'll allow me to change this account name, IF: I update every Kickstarter I've ever run with the news. So, this is your notice. The IronSpike Kickstarter account shall, very shortly, be renamed Iron Circus Comics. If you've back multiple projects I've run, I apologize in advance. Your inbox is about to be flooded. I suggest going to your profile and switching off email alerts for my projects' updates. If getting this notice has reminded you that you never got your backer reward for this project? Email my assistant editor, Andrea Purcell. She's at <email>. Thanks so, so much for all your support over the years, everyone. You're the only reason this change is even necessary. Have a good week. Hey, everyone! If you've ordered a print version of Wish You Were Here, you have 48 hours to change your shipping address . After 48 hours, the entered addresses will be locked, and shipping will begin! If you need to update your shipping address, now's the time. If you have yet to enter a shipping address, don't worry; you'll still be able to enter it whenever you're ready to, 48 or 148 hours from now. But if you've already entered one; the window the change it is closing fast. Books start going out this week! Consider yourself warned! Thanks, everyone! Hey again! Spike here! Everyone who ordered a paperback copy (or several copies!) of Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here should have received a link to an official Kickstarter survey by now. Please fill that out as soon as you're able. We begin fulfilling pre-orders starting next week, and we'd love you to get your books as soon as possible! Thanks, everyone! Look what the printer just emailed me! The books are finished, and on the way! Thank you again, everyone! Hello, everyone! Spike here! Poorcraft is at the printer, and if you backed at a level that included a PDF reward, a link to your comic (or comics!) is waiting for you in your Kickstarter inbox. To retrieve the link, click your Kickstarter icon in the upper right hand corner of this page, and select Messages! We're anticipating receiving the print copies of the book in early March. We'll keep you posted. And thank you again for your support! - Spike Ta-dah! And off to the printer we go! Thank you again for your support, everyone! Hello, folks! I hope everyone's having a good 2015 so far. I just wanted to let all of you know where we stand on Poorcraft's progress. All the payments have been cleared for the premium backer levels, meaning work has begun on completing the cover and cameo appearances. We hope to have those finished in a week to ten days. Then, it's off to the printer! With any luck, we can have the PDF ready to go before the end of January! Which is... actually early? Dang. And while I've got your attention, I'd like to take a minute to plug a worthy and struggling Kickstarter, the Sorcery 101 omnibus by my pal, Kel McDonald. Sorcery 101 is about a high school teacher named Danny finding his footing in a supernatural-filled world. He has a magic bond with a vampire, a 7-year-old daughter, and a werewolf best friend. Even his mundane day job as a history teacher is made difficult by the supernatural, in the form of love spells gone wrong and teenage werewolves! The first half of the complete collection of this 10-year-old webcomic has 6 days left to make $3,000, and it could use some help. If you like urban fantasy, give it a look ! Thanks, everyone! Hello, everyone! I apologize for the wait on the latest update, but I've been a bit sick. All better now, though! First and foremost, THANK YOU EVERYONE for your support! This project went above and beyond expectations. And we're still dedicated to a quick fulfillment for everyone. All that remains to do is the cover and cameo shots. Diana will get on those shortly; those of you that backed at premium levels that include cameos and dedications will be getting Kickstarter PMs from me shortly for reference material requests. I expect the final touches to take a week, perhaps two; then, it's off to the printer! Thanks again, everyone! Happy Holidays to those who celebrate 'em, and here's to a productive and fun new year! Hello, everyone! Spike here, for one more update before we hit the deadline. I've been getting a lot of questions about ordering multiple books when you're not a retailer. By popular demand, I've worked out a system! If you would like more than one print copy of Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here: If you are in the United States , add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($1) for each extra copy. Total: $11.00 per extra book. If you are in Canada , add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($3) for each extra copy. Total: $13.00 per extra book. If you are anywhere else in the world (UK, Mexico, Japan, India, Australia, etc.) add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($4) for each extra copy. Total: $14.00 per extra book. REMEMBER: The retailer pledge level is for stores planning to sell the book on! I cannot offer those prices to private buyers! And finally, a word about stretch goals. We've already achieved our first one, which means higher-quality books for everyone! Our second stretch goal, which is about $8700 away, is a full digital collection of Ryan Estrada's travel comics. This includes Coca War , The Bear from The Bear And The Beach from The Beach , Plagued , Seomyeon John , and Satyagraha: Ryan vs. The Man. "But Spike," some of you may be saying, "Ryan's travel comics are already free on ryanestrada.com ." And that's true! They are! However: Ryan is making a whole new travel comic about his hike up Mount Kilimanjaro! Inspired by this very Kickstarter! Here's a preview image he recently tweeted. Gee, looks like fun. I'm gonna level with you folks: Ryan is a swell guy . Working with him has been a dream, and he's been 100% into the project from day one. And for all the great comics he's given the internet for free, I think he deserves a payday. That's what the 30k stretch goal is about. So please: tell your friends, family, and wannabe globetrotter buddies about Poorcraft. I still have spots left at nearly every pledge level, and we still have time to make it to 30k. Thanks, everyone! Hey, everyone! First and foremost: Thanks so, so much for backing Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here. The Poorcraft comics have been, and are, a big passion project for me; inexpensive handbooks I can only wish I'd had access to back in my late teens and early twenties, when I could have really used them . I hope you all get a lot of use out of this latest incarnation. Secondly, some folks have been asking for more detail about the internal cameo shots. So, here are a few examples! The cameo shots in Wish You Were Here are for incidental characters seen once or twice. Some are speaking parts, some aren't. All ages can be included. Cameos will be drawn from reference photos provided by the backers. And yes, within reason , you can request we put in someone who isn't actually you! (Astute readers of the original Poorcraft may have caught the cameo of a backer's pet cat, Dusty.) Cameo shots in Poorcraft start at $250, but $500 backers get one, too, in addition to their spot on the cover! Both are limited in number, so grab 'em while you can. And finally, for those requesting details on the stretch goals: They're coming! I already have a few in mind, and they'll be posted after the KS reaches goal. And I promise, they won't interfere with our planned speedy fulfillment. Thanks again for everything, everyone! Xenatos: If you haven't already, email me at ironcircus AT gmail.com, I'll get you sorted. Check the latest update! PDFs have been sent out! Are you going to make a third book? Perhaps a cookbook? I still havent recieved my books yet, could I get an update please? Books arrived (australia) and i love them! Super pleased with how well you guys managed this, kept us updated and delivered. If only all kickstarter projects ran this smoothly :) I got my books a few days ago but don't seem to have gotten the additional copy I pledged extra for, not sure if I screwed up in the survey or what. Tried the contact button but I'm not sure if it got lost in the spam filter either. I wish IronSpike ran every kickstarter campaign. These projects are pushed through swiftly, updates are often and the finished product is always marvelous. I am truly in awe by the way you make every other kickstarter feel/seem incompetent. Books arrived today. Thanks! Physical book arrived a couple of days ago in Denver. Yay! I like it. Physical book arrived in Atlanta, GA today. Looks great! the following error code is what i get. InvalidAccessKeyId The AWS Access Key Id you provided does not exist in our records. The owl is giving me problems...I can't download the pdfs. The PDF arrived the day after my girlfriend decided to go to Europe for her birthday. Great timing! :) Hi! Is there any update about the pdfs? Excited for Poorcraft's second installment. Even more excited to give away the add-on copies I've ordered. Huzzah! Awesome rides again! best news I've seen all day! Congrats Spike! Congratulations! Looking forward to seeing the final product. So excited for this book! The art, the stories, it's just overall exciting. One of my friends let me borrow her copy of the original Poorcraft and I read it and have now turned several other friends to the book. Such a great book, and as someone who is starting to plan a trip, this book with be amazing to have. Really looking forward to this! I'm a huge fan of Diana Nock's art in particular. Will any of her comics be a part of the 30k stretch goal too? So glad to be a part of another KS. :) I'm so pleased to see you working on another fabulous book! Any time I see your name on a project, I know I can trust that it will be thoughtfully put together and of great quality. Thanks for all of your hard work, Spike! This user's account has been deleted. Been a silent stalker of Ryan Estrada since Travel Anywhere on $20 a day! I know this will be great! Hell yeah, 100% funded! Can't believe I'll have the two books in just two months! Have you guys considered having The Sleep of Reason and/or **** Peddler books as add-ons? Pledges would definitely boost. Thanks, John! This is so much fun to read the comic, because I wrote it 2 years ago and totally forgot what happens next! I was a Poorcraft 1 fan boy, and wanted to write a full-length travel guide anyway, so this was a dream project for me! Six years ago I registered for Kickstarter just so I could back the first Poorcraft book, so backing this was a no-brainer. Looking forward to seeing the stretch goals! Great project! Good choice, securing Ryan Estrada as the writer for this. Funding progress here: <url>