Poor Choices is a hilarious new card game for people who are really good at being bad. Each round, one player draws an adventure and the other players choose a character and a character trait for that adventure. The worst character wins the round and the best character loses (and is punished for it). ALL STRETCH GOALS UNLOCKED!!! Inside the Box Poor Choices and Poor Choices Adult currently include 504 unique cards (168 characters, 168 traits, 112 adventures and 56 humiliations). Poor Choices box design — the Poor Choices Adult box will be updated to include adult characters Back of cards Fronts of cards Our Progress We have worked over 3,000 hours to create Poor Choices. The process of going from an idea to a reality is always exciting, but we're particularly proud of Poor Choices. Here you can see our progression from some of the first sketch concepts to a working prototype. We can hardly wait get our hands on a final copy! Initial lawyer sketch, digital illustration and Character Card prototype Our first prototype for playtesting and quality check Character Time-lapses Want to see Neil illustrate some of the characters? Here are time-lapse videos that condense hours of illustration down to two minutes. Awesome! The Rules Deal five Character Cards and five Trait Cards to each player, and place the remaining cards in the middle of the table. The person wearing the ugliest shirt is Player One for the first round. The round begins when Player One draws an Adventure Card and reads it out loud. The other players choose a Character Card from their hand that’s best equipped for that particular adventure, and place it face down on the table in front of them. Then players get to attack one of their opponents. The same players choose a Trait Card from their hand to sabotage their opponent’s character, and pass it face down to the player on their right. Player One gathers all of the character and trait combinations and reads them out loud. Then, Player One decides which character is the best and worst choice for that particular adventure. Players are rewarded for making poor choices — not good ones. The player who played the trait of the worst character earns a point and becomes Player One for the next round. The player who played the trait of the best character must draw a Humiliation Card and do whatever it says to do. The next round begins when the winner draws a new Adventure Card. The first player to earn five points wins. Download rules How to Play Video Rewards Stretch Goals The more backers that support our Kickstarter, the more cards and upgrades we can afford to include in the game. Our Team The creator, Wade Welsh, is an entrepreneur with a passion for games and creating amazing products. The artist, Neil Morley (thelazyfox.co.uk), has been a professional artist for more than 10 years. The 3D and video guy, Karl Brudvig (starlitshapes.weebly.com), is a 3D generalist and illustrator. Left to right: Wade Welsh, Neil Morley and Karl Brudvig We partnered with comedians Michael Joiner, John Zakour, Robert Sherrell, Jeremy Pryal, Scott Black and more who have written for Comedy Central, David Letterman, Jay Leno, Bill Maher, Ownage Pranks, and Bart Simpson, Jimmy Neutron and Rugrats comics. Shipping Part of your pledge goes towards shipping your game to you. For backers in the United States, you simply pay the amount shown. For those of you in other countries, our costs are higher, so we add on an additional amount at checkout. Canada and United Kingdom — $7 ($5 for each additional game) Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Luxembourg, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden — $14 ($10 for each additional game) Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, and Slovakia — $20 ($15 for each additional game) Everywhere else — $10 ($9 for each additional game) For backers outside of the countries listed above, we've found that the quickest and most cost-effective way to do this is via a fulfillment center located in China. This means you'll be responsible for any customs, VAT or import taxes. To minimize any charges that you may incur, we’ll state the value of the game at our manufacturing cost, which means it will have a stated value of around $5. This should help all you eliminate or minimize any tax/customs issues. What's Left? What's left for us to do depends on which stretch goals we unlock. The more people that back our project, the more cards and features we can afford to include in the game. Once the Kickstarter ends, we'll finalize the cards that are in the game, illustrate any characters that we unlocked and print the game. The card design, package design and character artwork is subject to change, but what won't change is the high-quality design and overall illustration style that you see above. In other words, you're going to get a high-quality game in the mail. This timeline shows what you can expect if we unlock all of the stretch goals. Our goal is to deliver your game earlier than this schedule states, but we don't want to promise an earlier date and make everyone upset if there is an unexpected delayed during the process. Just wanted to give you a heads up The Kickstarter for our two brand new expansion packs is now live! Check it out here Cheers, Wade Welsh Poor Choices creator We're putting the final touches on TWO brand new expansion packs for Poor Choices, and we'll be launching a Kickstarter for them later this month. Just like last time, one will be family-friendly and one will be NSFW. And since it was so successful with our last Kickstarter, Neil's going to illustrate backers as characters in the game again. In fact, we're doing a giveaway right now where the winner will become a character for free. Enter the giveaway here &gt;&gt; See you soon! Poor Choices Ahhhh, more good news! US backers, your rewards started shipping today! The average estimated delivery time is 3-5 business days, and games will be mailed out over the next few days. You should receive an email with a tracking number over the next few days, but I'll follow to make sure it actually happens this time. So, all rewards for backers outside of the US are on their way (if they haven't arrived already), and all rewards for backers in the US are shipping today or over the next few days. We've already received great feedback from backers outside of the US, and we cannot wait for you to play it and hear your feedback as well. On behalf of Neil, Karl, myself and everyone else who helped create Poor Choices, I'd like to thank all of our backers! Your support has been amazing. Cheers, Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices P.S. We're already working on some hilarious new expansion packs, and you'll be the first to know when they're available. Just kidding, we have no bad news. Let’s get straight to the good news... Shipping has begun! After more than 18 months of pull-your-hair-out work, Poor Choices is here and will soon be in your hands! You’ll be sabotaging your friends and family in no time. We cannot wait for you to play it and hear your feedback. For non-US backers... Your rewards started shipping yesterday! You’ll receive an email with a tracking number over the next few days. The average estimated delivery time is 6-10 business days—just keep in mind that customs can sometimes delay shipments. Sometimes I feel like they do it on purpose. For US backers... Your rewards arrived at the warehouse over the weekend are currently being processed. We don’t have an exact date that games will be ready to ship, but they’ll ship as soon as they can. We’ll post another update once US shipping begins. While you patiently wait... We surprised YouTuber Nadeshot by sending him the original Adult Edition prototype and a character of himself illustrated by Neil Morley. His reaction is priceless . Have a great day gamers! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices The time has come! Poor Choices just reached the port and will begin shipping shortly. All that’s left is to clear customs and processing at the warehouse. The time for this varies, so we’ll post another update once shipping begins. We hope to ship to US backer around the middle of October. Shipping to backers outside of the US will likely be a week or so before that because those games are already at the warehouse in China. We can’t wait for you to play Poor Choices! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices Poor Choices is printing! Actually, Poor Choices is already printed! The games are currently being assembled, and pretty soon they’ll be taking a month-long cruise to one of our fulfillment centers. We’re right on schedule for our estimated October delivery. There will some downtime during shipping (logistics is boring to most of us), but just know that the game that will ultimately end up on your front door is sitting quietly somewhere like a little puppy waiting for the day it’s finally reunited with its owner. We originally planned to add a texture to the cards. After receiving the samples, we noticed that the texture really dulled down the colors. So we decided to remove the texture so the color and illustrations really stood out. Although the texture would have been nice to have, not having the texture makes for a much better game. If you need to update your address, please do that today. After the 15th of August, you won’t be able to update it on Kickstarter. So if you’ve moved or plan on moving, figure out where you want your game(s) sent in October. Cheers, Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices P.S. We created the two Poor Choices wallpapers as well. One is kid-friendly and one…isn’t. We decided not to put the really bad characters on the adult wallpaper because, well, you probably wouldn’t want to stare at them all day :) Classic Edition wallpaper Adult Edition wallpaper Great news! We received the final proofs last week and they look amazing! Each version has 168 unique characters and an additional 336 color-coordinated cards. All cards are full-color on the front and back, and the white backgrounds on the Character Cards really make the characters pop ! Everything turned out even better than we had hoped for, and everyone who's seen the game in person loves it. Here are some pictures of the final proof along with most of the characters of our Kickstarter backers. You'll notice we added a red "XXX" icon on the face of the cards in the Adult version. This way, you can combine multiple versions and future expansion packs into one larger game and separate them after you're done playing. Final production will start shortly, and we'll provide updates when something important happens. We don't have an exact delivery date yet, but we're expecting them to arrive at our fulfillment centers at the end of September or beginning of October. We can't wait for you to play it! Cheers, Wade Welsh P.S. Here's most of the characters of our Kickstarter backers. After months of illustrating characters (336 of them to be exact), Neil and I have finished all the design work for Poor Choices. Here's a 3D rendering of the final box design, as well as the final designs for the cards. We're very proud of the finished product, and we think it could be one of the sexiest card games made. Our next step is to order the final prototype, and the printing for that has already begun. We should receive the prototype within the next 7-10 days, and we'll update you with pictures once we get it. We just need to verify that the quality is perfect before mass production begins. Then, we'll tackle all the boring logistical stuff so your game arrives at your front door as quickly as possible. We should have an idea for a delivery date sometime after the games are printed, but we're expecting them to arrive at our fulfillment centers around the beginning of October. As soon as we learn more, we'll be sure to update you so you know when to expect yours! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices Everything is going very smoothly with Poor Choices. We might even be a couple weeks ahead of schedule thanks to Neil's incredible work illustrating the characters. We're only a few weeks away from finishing all of the characters and ordering the final production prototype. We can't wait for you to get the game! Approximately 50 of you pledged to become a character in Poor Choices. Well, they're all finally done and we want to share them with everyone! Without further ado, I present to you our Kickstarter backers in Poor Choices the game. The following characters are NSFW. Viewer discretion is advised due the graphic nature of the illustrations (some more than others). All of these characters will be in the adult version of the game. Thank you to all of our backers who are now characters in the game! It was both challenging and extremely fun planning and illustrating each and every character. Neil and I have tried to pick a favorite, but we've found it's impossible to pick just one. What do you think—which character is your favorite? Cheers, Poor Choices Copyright © 2016 Poor Choices LLC The past few weeks have been a blast! We've illustrated about 100 new characters and many more are currently in progress. Those of you who are characters in the game came up with some awesome characters and they are turning out to be some of our favorites. We'll be revealing some of the characters on Facebook and Twitter in the following weeks, so be sure to follow us to get those updates. * If you backed us to be a character and haven't replied to our messages and emails (there are four of you), you need to contact us ASAP. Here's a little taste of the characters that we've done, including two of the first five custom characters of backers. P.S. We're waiting to create the wallpaper so we can include as many of the new characters in the wallpaper as possible. It'll make for a much better wallpaper. P.P.S. We've created an updates page for you if you want to follow our daily progress, and you can find it here . Our artist, Neil, has begun illustrating the new characters and something tells me he's going to be consuming a lot of coffee this month. I got a sneak peak of a few of his new creations last night and they are awesome! Every time he shows me a new character, it feels like Christmas. So consider this a warning: new characters coming soon! Anyways, you should have you received a survey from us asking where to send your rewards. It's not incredibly important that you fill it out right away, but you can change it later if you move or hit the lottery and go on a six month vacation. We'll also send out a "last call" message before the games ship to make sure we have your correct info. For those of you who will be illustrated as a character in the game, we sent you a separate message asking you for some more info. Half of you responded and, oh my, these characters are going to be epic! We'll follow up with you before we start illustrating your character to confirm the details. If you haven't responded yet, try to get back to us as soon as you can. You'll get to choose your character in the same order that you backed the Kickstarter, but if we don't hear from you (let's say by Sunday night, March 13th), we'll have to move you to the back of the line so it doesn't delay the game for everyone else. Cheers! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices We want the cards to be printed in full color just as much as you, so we decided to lower the final stretch goal to $20,500 and cover the remaining balance out of pocket. We’d like to thank everyone who backed our Kickstarter. This process has been both fun and inspiring, and we cannot wait to get started on the new illustrations! Your support has been amazing and we’re going to work our butt off to make the game just as amazing. Thank you! We’ll be contacting you over the next few days to take care of the details regarding your reward. For those of you who will be a character (yay!), we’ll also include a short survey where you can provide us with any details regarding the design of your character. We’ll also ask you for your top five character choices. Since we don’t want any duplicate characters, the first person who pledged to be a character will get to choose their character first, and we’ll continue until everyone has a character they love. We know that communication is important to backers because we’re backers ourselves! We will update you on our progress up until the day you get your copy in the mail. We’re creating an updates page on our website that you’ll be able to check to follow our progress, plus we’ll post updates (albeit less frequently) on Kickstarter so you can take advantage of the notifications feature. Once the updates page is finished, we’ll let everyone know where to find it. Once again, thank you for your support. This experience has been a blast. You are amazing! Thank you for backing our game. We've gotten a lot of new backers over the past couple days and it doesn't look like it'll slow down. There's only one more stretch goal left for us to hit, and I really think we can do it. Our next stretch goal upgrades all of the cards to full color on both sides. Full color gives us unlimited options, and you'll be able to help us choose the final design in the coming weeks. Early this morning, we unlocked the character expansion packs! 56 more characters will be included in each version of Poor Choices! This means Neil will be chained to his desk while he's forced to illustrate more awesome characters. Okay, he won't be chained to his desk, but he and I are REALLY looking forward to it! In fact, he's looking forward to it so much that he illustrated this gentleman for the adult version. How precious. If you want to become a character in Poor Choices and impress people all over the world with your amazing cartoon-like looks, you can upgrade your pledge by following these simple instructions provided by Kickstarter: <url>#faq_63083 We are less than one week away from the end of our Kickstarter. We thank each of you for your support, and we ask you to share it with your friends and family so we can gain momentum over the next six days so we can hit the next two stretch goals and include more awesome stuff in the game! We unlocked another stretch goal last night that added 56 more cards (28 to each version), which brings the total to 448 cards each! Based on the feedback we got from everyone who filled out our survey, a large majority of you prefer a Character expansion pack. So... Our next stretch goal unlocks a Character expansion pack , adding 112 more characters to Poor Choices (56 character to each version). This will bring the total number of cards in each game to 504, including 168 characters with unique character illustrations! We're getting close to unlocking yet another stretch goal, which means we're closer to unlocking even more characters! The 5th stretch goal will unlock 112 additional characters (56 in each version) accompanied by all new illustrations. We created a preliminary list of characters that will be in each version of the game once the 5th stretch goal is unlocked. View all 336 characters P.S. If you have an idea for characters that are not on these lists, suggest new character ideas here . With more backers comes more free stuff for everybody! You've unlocked the third stretch goal which will add 56 more cards and upgrade the box. Now each version of the game will come with 420 cards! We also revealed the next THREE stretch goals! Plus, now you can suggest cards to include in the game! If you have good ideas for a character, trait or humiliation for the game, we setup a form that you can fill out as many times as you want! All you have to do is go here . And finally, here are the next three stretch goals for the Kickstarter! We're about to surpass 200 backers! Thank you to all of our backers and soon-to-be-backers! Many of you will be characters in Poor Choices. Neil spent the past few days illustrating two new characters that'll be in every copy of the game (you can see the time-lapse videos below). Know someone who would love to be illustrated as a character in a card game? Tell them to go here! <url>—it's very exciting! Each morning after I wake up, I check to see if any new stretch goals have been met because I really want to put more stuff in the game! We're really close to unlocking 56 more cards, upgrading the box and revealing the next stretch goal! Help us unlock the next stretch goal! Time-lapse videos of our new characters <url>— and after only five days, we're officially fully funded!!! You’ve already unlocked 112 additional cards for the game, an upgraded rule sheet and an upgraded card design that you’ll be able to vote on once the Kickstarter ends! From now on, it’s all about how much cool stuff we can pack into each copy of the game! We’ll soon unlock more stretch goals that: Add up to 224 additional cards Upgrade the box and cards Add more character illustrations Release expansion packs that add all new dimensions to the game and more… Help us stuff your game full of more cool prizes by sharing the Kickstarter with anyone you know that likes fun party games. Forward them this email, follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , share the Kickstarter link ( <url>’ll soon have a survey where you'll be able to submit ideas for characters, traits, adventures and humiliations. We’re excited to see what you come up with! We'll have some more info fairly soon. Expansion pack incoming! @Norman Thanks for the great feedback :) I'll contact you privately to handle a replacement. @Connor Thanks for sending me pictures. I'll contact you privately to handle a replacement. Thanks for the compliments on the illustrations! @Matthew the games were shipped separately. They each weight 1.1 kg. If you PM me the to/from addresses I'll prepay for the labels if Canada Post allows that. @Matthew Do you know if Canada Post has a intercept or redirect option? I'll pay for the service if it's offered. I'll take care of you either way. @Mel While frustrating it's taken this long, at least there's some sort of communication now. Once I received a delivery date here in the US, I ended up getting it two days earlier. Hopefully that's the case with everyone in Canada. Thanks for the updates Mel. Canada backers — The fact that your games haven't arrived yet upsets me. I've been trying to figure out why the delay, but nobody has been able to give me an answer. I shipped myself a package from China (to the US), and it took 16 days for it to clear customs in the US. I'm sorry for the unnecessary anxiety. It just seems like someone likes torturing North American residents. Hopefully we see some movement SOON, but I'll continue to work on it in the meantime. @Matthew There should be two duplicate humiliations in each edition. They are the ones that let the other players choose the humiliation. It adds variety and lets you tone it down or kick it up a notch depending on the group you're playing with. @Bugger That is an awesome present! I hope Charlie loves it. It's been my pleasure, and thank you to all backers for making Poor Choices a reality. @Zack Haha it sounds like you had a blast. Awesome! Thank you so much for the amazing review. By the way, that concoction sounds absolutely disgusting - NICE! Thank you so much Zach. @Karl, Backers in the US should receive a tracking number when the package leaves Amazon. I just checked yours and it hasn't yet shipped. @warpunk Thanks! And same! :) @Ka-Ming Does that count as same-day delivery? Thank you so much for your great feedback! @Karl No problem. I know how frustrating it can be when creators don't respond during crunch time. @Karl Rewards haven't been mailed to US backers yet. We're waiting for the US warehouse, and I've been on the phone with them every day for the past few days to speed up the process. Hopefully, I'll have more info soon! I emailed all backers outside of the US with their tracking number. If you see an email, check your spam folder. I'll figure out what's going on with the tracking numbers and update everyone today. @Mel sent you a PM Quick note: some of you may receive two shipments even though you ordered both editions. This is because shipping was cheaper and quicker for some odd reason. So if you don't get both copies delivered on the same date, the second is right behind it. @Mike Awesome! Thanks for the great feedback :) @Mel Sorry, missed your comment. Yeah, we removed that since there wasn't much more info to share that we won't be sharing on Kickstarter. @Karpomatic Looking good! Games in the US cleared customs and they're on their way to the warehouse. Waiting on one last thing for backers outside of the US, but should ship any day. @Matthew The games shipping to US backers should arrive at the port within a week or so. They just have to clear customs and be sent to the warehouse. I estimate they'll ship close to the middle of October. The games shipping to backers outside the US are being processed at the warehouse. I estimate they'll ship close to the beginning of the month. Delivery times vary between 2-10 days depending on the country. @Mel Orders outside of the US will be sent from China. The declared/insured value of each game will be $5 USD, which should keep taxes/duties low or eliminate them in some cases. Does that help at all? @Mel, the printing has begun! We're waiting for the printer to send us a few pictures so we can share them in the next update. Just posted an update. We received the final proofs and they look amazing! Printing will begin shortly :) Thanks Cathy! Glad you like them! We can't wait to see them either :) Just posted a quick update. Everything was sent to the printer, and the final prototype is being printed. Mass production is starting soon! @Keith Late September or early October would be my best guess right now, but a lot can happen, so take that with a grain of salt. We're putting in 12+ hour days to get it done as quickly as possible. @Wiccabloke we finished all of the characters of the Kickstarter backers and we're wrapping up the rest of the artwork now. We should be ordering the final prototype in a week or so, and will post pictures as soon as we get them! We'll have an update later this week. Finishing up the final three characters of the Kickstarter backers. Everything is on schedule :) We decided to unlock the last stretch goal at $20,500 and pay for the balance out of pocket. We want the game to be full color just as much as you :) lol @Carl Thanks! Definitely rated-R. @Rex Thank you! And thanks to everyone for backing the game. Based on the amount of new backers over the past few days, I'm sure we'll hit it. Neil and I are super excited the begin the custom character illustrations! @Karpomatic I think there is a good chance that we hit the last stretch goal honestly. I'll post an update about it shortly. @Christopher don't think we'll make it :( @Carl a lot of backers the past couple days. Should be an exciting final 44 hours! @Jonathan each base game comes with 336 cards, and we've unlocked 84 additional cards for each version (for a total of 420 cards in each version). Yes, a PnP will be made available to anyone who backs the Kickstarter. By pledging both versions, you will have access to both PnP versions. Updated stretch goal description. Sorry for the confusion :) @Zach full color everything. @Aleksejs STANDARD + ADULT is two games. To ship to your country, one game costs $20, and each additional game costs $15. So the total should be $35 for both, not $40. @RH thanks friend =] @Joshua yes, the link is <url>’s character. Plus, the Humiliation Cards add a social aspect to the game that gives each session its own personality — it can often times be what people remember the most weeks and months later. All in all, I think they’re both great games and I’d recommend getting both if you haven’t done so already. I hope that answers your question. @Mel Nice! You have a built-in competitive advantage :) I was just going to ask about that! So what's this I'm seeing on facebook/twitter about an expansion pack now? Played both versions on Thankgiving with the family. The Adult version is definitely more entertaining but we ran out of cards fast with 8 people playing. How about an expansion? Now I need to get myself a copy of the regular edition... hahaha. I just recieved the classic version today and the pictures are awesome. However, there appears to be major scratches on most of the cards to the point where some colors have been stripped off. There also seems to be some sand/dirt still present between many of the cards. I think maybe this is what's causing the scratches on these otherwise beautiful cards. I really hope the adult version doesn't have the same issue when it arrives. I've opened the game and am now looking through all the beautifully illustrated characters cards. Many of the cards have VERY significant smears of black tarnishing the surface - looks like something that might have occured during printing. Has anybody else experienced this issue? I don't mind some dents in th box, but it is disappointing to see all these gorgeous illustrations, such a major feature of the game, so badly tarnished. :( My Classic Edition just arrived! Sadly, the box did get some fairly noticeable damage at some point during shipment, but c'est la vie. Very excited! That's unfortunate... Anyway mine is out for delivery right now. And my other package is still at customs @Mel I got that update too, however I'm leaving Calgary at lunchtime, so I don't think it'll arrive in time @ Matthew - not sure about you, but my tracking updated 4pm ish and said mine has arrived in Calgary (when it'll ship is another matter) but there is an off-chance you might get it Monday before you leave if CanPost gets their stuff together. @wade I got the standard and adult version, were they shipped in the same box(I got 2 tracking numbers, only 1 of them says it arrived in Canada). How much does the package weigh, I'm going to try to pay my landlord the postage so she can send it. @Wade I called them this morning, they said there was nothing they could do. Thanks for the offer though. I'm going to try to convince my landlord to send it to me when it arrives @Matt - boooooooooooo. #thanksfornothingCanPost Looks like I won't be getting my game. It's set to deliver on Tuesday and I'm moving out of province on Monday. Canada Post will not redirect the package and my landlord will not accept it, so I guess it'll be sent back to China Normally most of my bad delivery luck is with stuff from the US to Canada (USPS & CanPost don't seem to communicate well most of the time) and then Canadian Customs/Borders usually mangles delivery times for stuff from China/Japan because of 'processing', taking their sweet time. It might not be 3-7 business days that China Post promises on their site, but this is still pretty good all things considered! Looks like I have an expected delivery date of November 2 now. @mel you're right. I checked Canada post and the item has been processed in Richmond @Matt - have you tried tracking on Can Post's site? That was how I found out where mine is currently. @mel my tracking info has not been updated and I'm in Calgary @mel my tracking info has not been updated and I'm in Calgary Hi Wade - Canada update - it's arrived at customs in BC in my case, and awaiting processing. Roughly 13 days from China to Canada, however I have a pretty good idea that CBSA will flub this either way and it'll take another good chunk of time before it gets to me in the neighboring province. @wade thanks for checking into it. I'm moving Monday so hopefully it comes in the next two days. If not, I will be having Canada post redirect my mail so hopefully it'll come to my new address. We're we supposed to get duplicate of a couple of the humiliation cards? Received (UK) today. Won't be opening it as it's a Christmas gift but I'm sure my Godson (Cannonball Charlie) will love it. Thank you, Creator, for a well-run campaign & the opportunity to make a truly original & very personal gift to someone very dear to me. This is an excellent example of Creator & backer community working in harmony to deliver something unique. Well done all! Even though I lost I can't be any more happy that I backed this game! More fun than Cards Against Humanity thanks to the many more variations. I really love animations and the Humiliations cards (even though we didn't follow each to a "T") gave an additional amusement to our game. (I had a friend drink a concoction of Green olive Juice and Fire Ball. We couldn't describe the taste any better than a card we played that round which was a Billionaires breath after performing **** multiply times) "Thank you again for this amazing game!! 2 hours in and loving it!! Got my shipment today Woooh can't wait to play tonight!!!! @Matthew - still waiting on mine, too. I'm sure it will get up North to us soon! Were we suppose to get an email with a tracking number? I noticed that Canada Post is actually capable of using the tracking numbers, so you can track on that end as well if you're in Canada. Nothing in Canada for me yet. Anyone in Canada get their copy yet? @Wade A+ for costumer satisfaction! Can't wait for the US ones! Well can't wait for many things! But I am patient! Wow thanks for the quick reply. Should US backers have a tracking number? If so I have not gotten one yet. Just received the games this evening. Wow do they look great! Nice artwork and box and really high quality! Kind wait to start playing the game with friends! Thanks Wade, Neil, Karl and all others who created/made the game possible! (Received my tracking number by the way, about 2 hours after it was delivered haha) Yes hi! If you're at the point of PMing those who have not received tracking numbers, it's making me feel like I should probably throw my name in the hat, too. I also don't have a tracking number yet! No emails with tracking for me yet either... Hey Wade - haven't seen a tracking number yet - who/what should I expect to see it from courier-wise? Hi Wade, My copy was delivered yesterday morning and it is awesome. Neil's artwork is amazing and the cards are brilliant. I can't wait to get to play it. Hey Wade - this might be kind of pointless now, but I noticed that the 'updates' link part of the Poor Choices website doesn't work/brings me to an error page. How's the delivery in the next few weeks looking? Awesome thank you! Any news on the shipping and when we can expect our pledges? @Wade - yup sounds good to me. Thanks! Hi Wade, in regards to shipping, how customs friendly will it be and how are you going about sending out? USPS? Nice. Looking forward to it. Anything new and exciting? I saw some photo updates on your facebook page. Wade, the cards are looking gorgeous!!!! I can't wait to see the final product Do you guys have a guess at a shipping date? Do we have an update yet? Update? Groovy! Character photo stuff emailed to you guys. Can't wait to play this! awesome really glad I sprung for the adult version...now that you are willing to bend to support this game... Awesome thanks! You guys rock! Awesome thanks! You guys rock! Awesome, thanks Wade! Really looking forward to the game and being a character in it! So close... I hope we make it, i really wanted the color version... So close to that color version... ....20 more dollars it is.... sweet progress.... how bad is the adult version...PG-13 or rated R? Over $20k! Congratulations!. Now we have 3 hours to get the last $1.1. Cool. I'm keeping my fingers crossed! Would really love to hit the last stretch goal but I don't think it will happen. so close to stretch goal just a few more backers...... You guys going to be at PAX East this year!?!? I don't think they have made any...you know it is coming...'Poor Choices'. Party games seem to have a much slower build and it looks like we are in on the first Kickstarter for Wade, so we just need more people that acknowledge how great this game will be. I'm looking forward to some fun! I'm surprised that this kickstarter isn't getting backers quicker. What's going on? Hey there :) I'm just wondering if you could outline how many cards are in the base game and how many extra cards we've unlocked with the stretch goals. Also I saw on the campaign page that where it gives a timeline for will be done over the next few months, it says something about finalising the Print & Play version of the game. Is a Print & Play version of the game included in our rewards? If we're pledging for both versions of the game do we get both versions as PDFs? $21,000 and cards get color or just change texture of cards? Again? @Aleksejs I think it is because that package would require the shipping of two versions of the game, not one (x2 boxes) Hello! Why does it ask 40$ shipping (instead of 20$) when i try to back "POOR CHOICES (STANDARD VERSION + ADULT VERSION)"? Just backed - saw you guys on twitter. =) Have you guys put this on Board Game Geek? Hi there! Good luck making tons of money on this game! It reminds me of a game called "curses" which I love. I hope we get so many supporters that you are really challenged in coming up with more cards!!!!! (in color) ;) Hi, love the concept. It reminds me of Superfight. Is the theme song in the video snippets of 'Life' by Lyonstudio? Really catchy! I was under the impression that the character cards were already in color? I agree with Zach I would hope color printed cards is the final stretch goal and you reach that! With all the stretch goals, you keep adding cards instead of making the playing cards in color. I would think people would love the look of color before extra cards. Am I right? I can think of a lot of awesome Trait cards! Thanks Wade! Another stretch goal could allow backers to submit their own suggestions for cards?? That would be a lot of fun! @Wade: Super excited about the way this is going! I noticed you shared the new stretch goals, but don't see at what funding amount they'll be unlocked - am I just missing that somewhere? Hey creators, I backed the $100 'Become a character in the game (Adult Version)' and also added a further $10 for shipping to Australia and a further $25 as I want the standard version as well, totalling $135. I assume this is correct? Thanks 50% funded! Can you get more into the differences between the standard and the adult versions? Is there any way to just get the adult version? Game looks neat. Can you highlight the differences between this and Cards Against Humanity? I like making Poor Choices.