What is it? Poppy lets you capture and share the world the way you really experience it: in three dimensions. Have you ever wished you could record a moment, and share it so someone else could feel like they were there, too? Well, now you can. Poppy is the first device in the world that turns an iPhone into a 3D camera capable of capturing, viewing and sharing full-motion, full-color video and stills in 3D. How does it work? Poppy works with iPhone 4, 4S, iPhone 5 and the fifth generation iPod Touch. You put your phone in and Poppy’s mirrors capture two stereographic images using your iPhone’s single camera. When you look in the viewfinder, Poppy’s lenses combine the two video streams into a single, crisp, 3D video. It’s beautiful, and really hard to describe or show in two dimensions. It doesn't need batteries and there are no electronics. It's just optics and your iPhone's camera and screen, so we can keep the price low without sacrificing quality. Conceptualization of 3D stereo imaging Put your iPhone in Poppy and you can view 3D videos and photographs. Give it a twist, and you can capture your own experiences in 3D. What can I do with Poppy? Poppy is great for capturing events like weddings and for action sports, or for just playing with your kids in the backyard. Images and videos captured with Poppy are immersive. Viewing feels like you're experiencing the original moment again! There are other possibilities too, like real estate and architectural walk-throughs, science, education, augmented reality, art and more. We've tested Poppy in a lot of situations, but we're most excited about the uses you'll discover for Poppy! Explore the World in 3D via YouTube You can use Poppy to watch tens of thousands of existing 3D videos on YouTube. YouTube added support for 3D in 2009 and has since amassed a huge library of movie trailers, music videos, sports clips and user-generated content in 3D — and it all renders beautifully on Poppy. 3D videos on Poppy look much better than 3D content viewed using red/blue glasses. Since YouTube 3D uses the same stereographic image technology that Poppy does, their content plays back in beautiful, full-color, high definition 3D when viewed using Poppy. When viewed with Poppy, YouTube's entire catalog of 3D content (movies, movie trailers, music videos and sports clips) renders in full-color, high quality 3D. Go surfing in Fiji... Or experience what it's like to fly! 3D Prints You can take pictures with Poppy and have them printed so anyone can see them in 3D, without needing any extra device whatsoever. You've probably seen this before in gift shops, movie posters or cereal boxes. The prints are coated with a thin layer of plastic lenses that makes it so the image shifts as you move the print. You can get a pretty strong 3D effect. But what makes this interesting is that this will work with pictures of your own life -- your kids, your friends. We're looking into how we could incorporate this into our app, but at the very least we'll show how you could do this for yourself. Wiggle GIFs, another way to share You will also be able to make wiggle GIFs directly from Poppy's iPhone app. Wiggle GIFs create the illusion of 3D on an ordinary screen. It's not the same as seeing in 3D with Poppy, but it's a cool effect. Because Poppy captures a stereographic pair of images, it's relatively straightforward to create a wiggle GIF from a picture you take with Poppy. But we thought it would be better if we just built this right into Poppy's iPhone app. Here is wiggle we put together using a 3D photo taken on Poppy. View Vintage Stereograms Stereoscopic photography has been around since the 1800's, and in fact millions of stereoscopic viewers were sold towards the end of the 19th century. With Poppy, it's easy to view any stereoscopic photo in 3D. We put together this short video to show you how: Poppy makes a statement It's sleek. It's a bit retro. It twists open. It's not pocketable, but it does make a statement. If you've got Poppy, get ready to hear this a lot: "that looks cool! What is that thing?" David Crosby of Crosby, Stills and Nash. Poppy would have been amazing at Woodstock. White Poppy We hit our $150,000 stretch goal, so now Poppy will come in both a black and a white variety. We don't have a white prototype, but here are some renderings to give you a sense of what the White Poppy will look like when it's done. So what do Poppy's pictures look like? Because it takes a pair of images, and because Poppy's viewer magnifies your view, it's hard to appreciate what a video or photo actually looks like without having a Poppy. But just to give you some idea, here is some 3D video footage shot with one of our prototypes. If you have a pair of red/blue glasses, you can watch this on any screen. Just click the 3D button below the video, choose "Other options" and then "Red / Cyan". Here is a side-by-side image taken with Poppy. And here is that same image converted to anaglyph 3D. If you have a pair of red/blue glasses, you can see this 3D effect on any screen. Poppy's Inspiration Have you ever seen stereographic images from the 1800’s? Or played with a Viewmaster? We love the feeling those simple devices give of stepping into another world. But they were all about seeing someone else's photographs. Wouldn't it be so much better if you could create your own immersive 3D scenes like that -- but in full-motion video -- and share them with friends and around the world over the internet. That’s why we created Poppy. Poppy brings stereographic imaging into the 21st century! Video! Retina! The Poppy viewing experience is reminiscent of those Viewmasters you may have used as a kid — but so much more compelling as video and when it's content that you've created yourself. What will you create with Poppy? The iPhone App Since Poppy works by recording two stereographic images in your iPhone's single camera, any camera or video app you already use -- like Camera Plus or Vine -- will work with Poppy. Just put the iPhone in Poppy when you take the picture, and view the content with Poppy to see it in 3D. However, to make things easier, we're creating a dedicated iOS app for Poppy. It will feature: Capturing 3D videos and 3D still images Saving photos and videos to your iPhone's photo album Creating wiggle GIFs out of 3D still images Uploading videos to YouTube Browsing your own 3D content as well as 3D videos on YouTube Easy controls and navigation for when your phone is in Poppy Future Possibilities: Augmented Reality and Parallax Viewer We're quite excited about the applications that Poppy enables in the area of real-time 3D image processing. Because of it's low-cost and the fact that it uses iPhone, developers will be able to create true 3D augmented reality and other 3D applications that use Poppy as a viewer. Experimental analysis of Poppy 3D images to build depth maps useful in CAD modeling and interactive visualizations Specifications and Technical Details Poppy is flexible, and has inserts to accommodate the iPhone 5, 4S, 4 and even the fifth generation iPod Touch (the one with a camera). It's also designed with the future in mind. We want this to work with the next generation of phones as well, and we've left a little extra room in the device to make that possible. With Poppy, a system of mirrors splits the field of view of the iPhone's camera, so that it capture two images at once. The mirrors are positioned eye-width apart (the "interpupilary distance") so that the images represent what is seen by the left and right eye, independently. The viewer built into Poppy then isolates the images, so your right eye sees the image taken by the right mirror, and the left eye sees the left image. Your brain fuses the two images into a single, three dimensional scene. Once you have these two images, called a stereo pair, you can reconstruct the original three dimensional scene in number of ways. Anaglyph glasses (like the classic red/blue glasses) are one way. Peter testing Poppy footage with red/blue 3D glasses The polarized glasses used in IMAX or Real3D are another. 3D televisions often use glasses that actively present first an image to one eye, then the other. All of these are based around having a stereo pair like the ones generated using Poppy. So the videos and pictures you create with Poppy can be used anywhere you can see in 3D. Poppy is made of rugged ABS plastic. It weighs less than a pound. Because it splits the camera's view, images taken with the device are half the size of your iPhone's typical photos and videos. Our Progress We've been iterating Poppy for more than six months, improving the optics and the housing to make Poppy work well and be easy and fun to use. We filed for a patent covering a number of innovations. We started by designing the optics. The basic principle of using mirrors to split an image is pretty well understood, but getting it to work well with the particulars of the iPhone's camera took time. We worked with optical engineers to refine the design and get it right. We laser cut a first prototype, put the iPhone in, and were delighted with the results (and a little surprised -- usually nothing works on the first try!). From those initial cardboard tests, through 3D printed prototypes and now multiple factory iterations we have refined Poppy to something special. Sketches of the design's evolution The first cardboard prototype We've worked with a factory in China with extensive experience in manufacturing consumer products for major brands. We've collaborated with our factory, working in person and on site to make sure our design is manufacturable, high quality and that it will be affordable. We've signed off on a final design and are now ready to proceed with the tooling phase (and that's where we need Kickstarter's help). What's Next The next step is to make the injection molding tooling. Carving solid blocks of steel into precision molds takes time, 6-8 weeks. Once we have the tooling, we will begin test production runs and should be able to move to full production by this Fall. Our production timeline looks like this: July: Final pre-production prototype. This work is completed by our factory in China in conjunction with professional mechanical engineers and designers with experience in mass market consumer products manufacturing. We have also tested the pre-production prototype in the field and are satisfied with the usability and durability of the design. August: Injection molding tooling complete, first test. Our manufacturer has done work of similar or more challenging design for major consumer brands in the US and Europe. We have reviewed this timeline with 3rd party manufacturing service firms and are satisfied that the tooling milestone is reasonable and achievable. September: Final engineering prototypes, final packaging ready October: Production begins. Our manufacturer has a large facility capable of producing 10,000 units per week, if necessary, and a demonstrated track record of high quality production for major consumer brands in the US and Europe. November/December: Product transferred from factory, labeled, and shipped to backers' doors! Dear Poppy people, This is the release you’ve been waiting for - improved image quality and a way to share with people who don’t have Poppys. Download the update from the App Store now (free): <url>’ll wonder how you lived without it. Poppy’s image capture quality is dramatically improved -- for photos and especially for video. Images are sharper, video frame rates are faster, and calibration is more precise. Poppy GIFs: share everywhere Finally, you can share your Poppy 3D creations with anyone -- even people who don’t have a Poppy. We take Poppy’s left and right image and use an algorithm to create a smooth 3D effect that can be viewed on any PC or mobile device. They’re like Wiggle GIFs, but without the headaches. We call them Poppy GIFs. Any photo you take with Poppy can be converted into a Poppy GIF, and the app includes a simple tool to tune the image for the best effect. You can check out hundreds of Poppy GIFs here: <url>’ve made it easy to share images from within the app. Hold your iPhone in the portrait orientation and tap to view any of the photo galleries. You can share stereo images to Twitter or Flickr and they will automatically be made available to the Poppy community. You can also post Poppy GIFs to Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr or just send it in email. We’re so excited to see what the Poppy community is going to do with all this. So please go get the app: <url>#1) Production finished and Poppy looks fantastic Last week, we visited our factory in China to oversee the full production run, and we're happy to report that each of the final production tweaks and adjustments that we outlined in our last backer-only update were incorporated without any hiccups. You’re getting a high quality product. #2) Poppy has left the building If you pledged at a level that gets a Poppy, I’m happy to say that your Poppy is now officially on it’s way to you. Every last Poppy was packed up and has left the factory. In fact, we just got word that the Poppys destined for addresses in the USA have arrived on US soil. They are clearing customs now before making their way to the distribution center. #3) The Poppy iPhone app is now available The first version of the Poppy iPhone app was approved and is now in the app store! Please download it. Right now, the app provides only the basic functions for capturing and playing back 3D videos and still images. One of the great things about software is that we can make improvements over time. We will be updating the app frequently as we make improvements and add features. When will you get it? Of course the big question each of you probably has is, “when will I receive mine?” If your delivery address is in the USA, there’s a chance you’ll receive your Poppy by Christmas. Here’s an outline of what’s happening now: Air freight to distribution center in USA (IN PROGRESS) Trucking to distribution center in Hong Kong (IN PROGRESS) Breaking down freight at distribution centers (allow 3 to 5 days) Packing, labeling and postage for individual orders (allow 1 to 3 days) Delivery time (allow 3 to 7 days*) It’s been an incredible adventure to have reached this point and we couldn’t have done it without your support. And we're so excited to see what you do once you get your Poppy. Thank you!! Joe and Ethan * If your delivery address is outside of the USA, then delivery time may be anywhere from 2 to 6 weeks. Dear friends of Poppy, We wanted to let you know about the progress we’ve made on Poppy since the Kickstarter campaign ended. Tooling. This is the biggie: our factory has begun creating the injection molds that will be used to produce Poppy’s plastic parts. We’re also well underway on the tooling for the custom-made central glass mirror. The molds should be ready by the end of September, at which point we’ll be visiting the factory as the first test parts come out of the injection molding machines. Software. The Poppy iPhone app is also under development. We’re targeting the latest iPhone operating system, iOS 7 (which will release before Poppy ships). The most technically challenging part is exporting photos and video. Images look great on Poppy itself, but we need to do some post-processing before they can be shared in a way that YouTube will recognize as 3D (and that will render properly on any device that is capable of displaying YouTube 3D content). Fortunately the iPhone has powerful graphics capabilities. Schedule. Full disclosure: we’re currently running a few weeks behind where we had hoped to be. Our timeline has a little buffer in it, though, so we still anticipate delivering Poppy in December. We’re also going to be spending significantly more time onsite at the factory in China than we originally planned in order to help keep things on track. Thanks again for all of your support, and we’ll be sure to keep you informed as we make progress. We can’t wait to get Poppy out to all of you! Ethan &amp; Joe Hi, We recently received our 2nd factory prototype with the new tripod mount, camera strap attachments and headphone jack. Here are some photos. Please note that the strap shown in these photos is an ordinary Nikon DSLR camera strap (not the strap that will be included at the Poppy Plus) but it does show how the camera strap attachments work. We only have 16 hours left in the campaign. Please help us spread the word so that others get in on the backer-only benefits (grandfathering in to the lower prices, free usa shipping, delivery before anyone else, kickstarter edition insignia). thank you, Joe and Ethan Hi, A lot of people in the gaming community have told us that Poppy could be used as a 3D gaming device, so we reached out to some prominent people in the the gaming community to get their feedback and input: <url>’re making to backers. 1) You’re first in line. We’re aiming to get Poppy out in time for the holidays, and we won’t ship a single Poppy to anyone else (retailers, distributors or pre-orders that come later) until every Kickstarter backer has been sent their Poppy first. 2) Kickstarter Edition. Every Poppy sold via Kickstarter will be marked “Kickstarter Edition” to make it clear that you were our earliest supporters. 3) Grandfathered pricing. Kickstarter backers will be able to buy up to five more Poppys at the Kickstarter price (including free shipping in the USA)*. *We’re launching a preorder store on Friday and will offer grandfathered pricing to our Kickstarter backers through September 1st: $49 for a single black Poppy or $59 for the Poppy Plus (with bag and strap) in either black or white -- with FREE shipping in the USA and $15 for international (per Poppy). For everyone else, Poppy will only be available as a set (with bag and strap) -- $69.99 for the black Poppy and $74.99 for the white Poppy (plus shipping &amp; handling charges). Our campaign ends in just 3 days. Thanks for backing us! Thanks, Joe and Ethan This is really cool. It turns out you can print 3D pictures taken with Poppy with a technique called lenticular printing . You've probably seen this before in gift shops, movie posters or cereal boxes. The prints are coated with a thin layer of plastic lenses that makes it so the image shifts as you move the print. You can get a pretty strong 3D effect. But what makes this interesting is that this will work with pictures of your own life -- your kids, your friends. You can take pictures with Poppy and have them printed so anyone can see them in 3D, without needing any extra device whatsoever. We're looking into how we could incorporate this into our app, but at the very least we'll show how you could do this for yourself. Here's a quick video that explains how it works. <url>’s how you can help: 1) Get the word out! Tell your friends, Tweet or Facebook about our project! 2) Pledge at the $59 level. If we hit this stretch goal, you’ll have the option of selecting either a White Poppy or sticking with the classic black. Here’s a first look at some renderings we made so you could see what the White Poppy will look like. She’s going to be a beauty! Help us hit $150,000 so we can make the White Poppy possible! Thanks, Ethan &amp; Joe We’ve added a new stretch goal! If we hit $150,000, we'll make a limited edition WHITE POPPY. It will be beautiful. The Model T only came in one color, we'll be twice as good. We'll get a rendering up for you to look at soon. We'll add it as a $59 reward. You'll get the White Poppy, plus the neck strap and bag, just like the current Poppy Plus reward. And if you’ve already backed you can change your reward to the White if you would prefer. So get the word out, tell your friends, help make a White Poppy possible! Thanks again for all your support! Ethan &amp; Joe P.S. returning from lunch yesterday, we stumbled on a vintage photography store that had 1800’s stereoscopic photos and some classic View-master reels, including the one below of Yellowstone. It really made us want to take Poppy there, or to the Grand Canyon. We can’t wait to see where you’ll take your Poppy! Amazing! Poppy's passed $100,000 in support early this morning. Thanks to everyone's backing, we're now adding a simple screw mount to every Poppy so that you can use it on a tripod. We'll post drawings of how that will work. And we'll get more stretch goals up soon! Thanks again! Ethan and Joe P.S. We've been shooting with the Poppy prototype this whole beautiful weekend in Seattle. Here is some footage. <url>’ve also added our first stretch goal. If we reach $100K, EVERY Poppy will include a simple screw mount (for tripods). We will continue to offer Poppy to Kickstarter backers priced below retail for as long as the campaign is going. And with more backers, we’ll be able to add additional stretch goals and deliver product enhancements and more software functionality to EVERY backer, past, present and future. Please share the project ( <url>“what’s that? it looks very cool!” Youth in Focus’s mission is to empower urban youth through photography, to experience their world in new ways and to make positive choices for their lives. Nice! Thank you so much for helping us reach our goal in less than 9 hours. We're thrilled and humbled by everyone's generosity and support in helping Poppy to become a reality. Also, it was amazing to see so much positive coverage in places like TIME magazine , Gizmodo , Engadget , AllThingsD , Uncrate and more. Please help us continue to get the word out about Poppy. The more backers we have, the more we can do to make Poppy great. So please share our Kickstarter page with your friends and anyone you think would love Poppy. Thanks! Joe and Ethan Hi, At this point in time, there are a known subset of our international backers who have still not received their Poppy. We are in the midst of a dumbfoundingly and painfully slow process with our logistics provider, 4PX based in Hong Kong, to establish a course of action to solve any delivery issues. They made mistakes (sending the wrong units to the wrong addresses, and using labels with ink that wore off), which they fully admit to, and we have high-level assurances that they will compensate and/or orchestrate all necessary fixes so that backers who haven't yet received a Poppy, will receive. It boils down to this: until we are fully *outside* of the "realm of possible delivery window", they are not willing to take any tangible action. Why is the window so long? Because it needs to account for the worst-case-scenario: the time it might take to get stuck in customs for multiple weeks followed by the time to attempt delivery followed by the time it takes to re-send back to Hong Kong. To re-ship another unit during that "worst case scenario" would mean *another* ~$74 USD per, which tallies to an amount of money greater than they are willing to pay. Hence we wait. Don't they have tracking numbers that show non-delivery? Can't we just judge based on that and move on? Well, we did certainly pay for that. And we do know that Australia is a first world country. And yet, somehow, even in Australia, the tracking information is unreliable for these deliveries. It has blown our minds. Thanks, Joe Mario: we (collectively) have been very responsive to your many inquiries. There's no automated system. Just us trying to do our best with what we have. Johannes, Cosmin, please check out the support site. <url>"partner" in this who handled our international shipments HAS made some mistake with misdelivery, missing cases/straps, etc, and we're working through all issues. 2) Shipping thousands of packages all at once just before Xmas, well, let's just say that a LOT of people are doing that and it makes a one-time system-wide spike that tends to mess things up. And we're now facing these issues: 1) Tracking info is terrible (for us, for them, for you), so it's hard to understand in all cases what the exact status of an individual delivery is. EXAMPLE: When things are held in customs (which can take weeks -- and is different in every county) the info "holding in customs" isn't always given. 2) We are actually, believe it or not, within the reasonable amount of time to allot for international deliveries. Yes, place in the proverbial mailbox on Dec 18th and 6+ weeks later "in transit" is...normal. It's hard for me to swallow. On the other hand: very much a FACT that we have packages arriving in countries every single day. So for now, it's hold tight. We're as frustrated as you are. Rest assured that whatever happens, you'll get a Poppy or a refund. We can't however produce magic reindeer. Sincerely, Joe @Everyone, please "like" our Facebook page if you'd like to keep in touch with us on the social nets. Things like contests and giveaways will be communicated via that page. <url>"something is better than nothing release" and we certainly agree there's a lack of polish and features. Good news is that the app is now our main focus. - Re: youTube: see advanced usage guides above - Phone can be removed with pressure from two thumbs from below @Daniel - are you using the Poppy app? Highly recommended / nearly mandatory. @Jacobi - check the FAQ referenced on poppy3d.com/support @Colin - thank you! @Kris, @Daniel - blurry will improve with app updates. Please load this in safari on your iPhone and view. Are these sample images better? --> <url>"something is better than nothing" knowing full well we can update it later. It was rushed out while our attention was on the hardware and shipping. The app is our full attention now. @Junliang -- that was because we just found out we can NOT ship to our 8 backers in Mainland China for export reasons. Unfortunately we had to refund just the 8 or so mainland China-based backers. All 57+ other countries are all shipped at this point. @Stephen Chiu - we're still working on app performance (speed and image quality). What's there now is the "better than nothing" version. It's not the "we are proud of it" version yet. We're working on it! @Eternal Blisked - please read the latest update (just sent). As of 12/17, Poppys bound for US backer just landed in the USA (in pallets.) Next steps: they'll be sent to our fulfillment partner, broken down and then readied with individual postage and mailing labels. Hi Stephen - So glad you are enjoying Poppy! On the web you can change the format of YouTube video. There's a "3D" menu on supported videos, and you can select "Full width" instead of "Half width". That corrects for that squeezed format you are seeing. We're trying to figure out how to expose that from within the Poppy app. Benjamin, The $299 pre-production backers were shipped their units early last week and many have received their units. Those are pre-production units; they don't have the texturized finish and lack some of the design changes that Ethan outlined in this post: <url>"conceptualization" is vertically misaligned, we need to fix that. As for the horizontal compression in the YouTube videos, however, I think that's easily corrected. YouTube has a number of different modes for viewing 3D. For free viewing, click the "3D" button and then select "other options" then "side by side". That should show you the uncompressed video. It's a quirk of how they have you upload 3D video. Regarding shipping address, we'll be sending out a survey just before we ship asking for the correct shipping address at that time. That way if you move, or you want to use a different address than you have on file with Kickstarter, we can make sure your Poppy goes to the right place. Thanks! Regarding wigglegram, stay tuned :) @MB - @The6uest is right, you can't view a 3D image on a standard phone without using red/blue glasses. However, you can see things like wigglegrams as @Rob and @Craig suggested. We're investigating how and whether or not to support that. Thanks! @Christian - The central mirror is far and away the most expensive component in Poppy, and is very high quality. We've seen (and discarded) a lot of bad mirrors along the way, so we know what you're talking about. @Daniel - There are thumb holes on the bottom of Poppy to let you get access to on-screen controls, like choosing the point of focus. @Erik, @Chris - Whoops! This is not a problem with your TV, our fault. The vertical misalignment you were seeing is a problem with the way our pre-production prototype holds the mirror in place, and won't be an issue in production. The mirror in the prototype came loose and got cocked at a slight angle. Again, that won't be a problem when we're using the right mirror in the production Poppy, but it's been plaguing us with this prototype. That said, when viewed through Poppy the stereoscopic effect actually resolves well, even with the misalignment. That's why we missed it! As for the YouTube images not lining up, that's because YouTube is stretching Poppy's video horizontally, instead of respecting the aspect ratio of the original. That's frustrating, but it's not because of any flaw in Poppy's optics, and we will be able to solve that with our app. Worst case we could save the video twice, once for side by side viewing and once for other formats (like red/cyan or interleaved). In any case, we're looking into this now, sorry for the trouble. We will upload more footage soon. Thanks for your patience! @Rob - Yes, we want Poppy to work with future iPhones, too! We've built Poppy wide enough to accommodate a phone with a 5 inch screen (diagonally). We can't know what Apple has up its sleeve, but we plan to offer inserts for future iPhones. As for the 3D animated GIF's, or wigglegrams, we like them. We're investigating how best to support viewing Poppy's pictures on screens without any kind of 3D viewer. @KuTuB - Alas, the Galaxy Note is just a bit too big for Poppy. @Craig - wigglegrams are cool! @djcreedy - we've posted a few clips and and photos taken with Poppy, down the page. Much more to come! @Joseph - the neck strap is definitely a great way to keep Poppy safe (you can get one at the Poppy Plus reward level). The face cushion is a good suggestion for making extended use more comfortable. Thanks! @Chris, @Fernando, @Kevin, @CK - thanks for the great suggestions! We're working on setting some stretch goals. @Marc - Poppy lets you capture your own 3D video or stills, as well as view what other people have made. @Werner and @Bob - we're really interested in how Poppy can work with the Oculus Rift, and the idea of a head strap is something we've been playing around with. More on all that soon! @Sheeri, @yohannon - We would love to let you get multiple Poppies, but Kickstarter doesn't allow the rewards to work that way. We're trying to figure out how best to support this, though, and we'll post an update once we find the right solution. Thanks! @Paul - yes, you can change your pledge and bump up to the Poppy Plus level to get the strap and bag. @Stephen - that's right, we're basically just updating the classic stereoscope to work with the iPhone. @KRIS - that's the trouble with trying to show 3D on a 2D screen! When viewed through Poppy, the lenses combine the two images into a single 3D image. If you have 3D glasses you can also watch in 3D on YouTube. There's a little "3D" button below the video, use that to configure it for your setup. It can turn our side-by-side images into the red/blue format. Hi KRIS -- great idea, we'll post some raw images and footage soon, but in the meantime you can see some video here: <url>… Is there a way to mod this to support the iphone 6. I am willing to saw into it? Anyone want to buy my Black Poppy Plus? I used it for about five minutes the day I received it. Been boxed back up ever since. $50 plus shipping. also curious about Poppy working with iPhone 6 Thank you in advance Any word on whether an iPhone 6 can be supported? How to make Google's Cardboard VR headset [<url>"worst case scenario". I've tried to be conservative about this but am fed up with how disinterested they are in making sure people who invested in them will get their reward. The lack of ownership of the shipping issue has "blown my mind" as per se. Choosing to outsource international shipping to a separate company rather than handling it them self like they did with the US shipping always didn't feel right with me. Hi, The explanation is completely vague. "Because it needs to account for the worst-case-scenario: the time it might take to get stuck in customs for multiple weeks followed by the time to attempt delivery followed by the time it takes to re-send back to Hong Kong" What is 'multiple weeks', etc? That is really very vague. What we need is the approximate number of days for the worst case scenario? According to my calculation based on my experience where I was told I would receive it before Christmas, that would not less than 80 days. I asked for a refund but was informed that I need to wait for the negotiations with the 4PX to finish. I asked them what the negotiations have to do with my getting a refund, and have yet to receive a reply explaining that. Another Kickstarter project for which there was a considerable delay and from whom I asked my money back simply asked me for my PayPal details and that was it. Simple as. The software update is great, images looks better. One thing that don't work for me is the recalibration. The new method is confusing. Now I will have to play with it till I get it. Thanks for the update Joe. Sounds like an indeterminate waiting time then. =[ I hope 4PX wont be handling the redistribution for the worst case scenario... Time to place an order with PhotoJoJo... The new GIF Function looks fantastic btw! also still waiting! Location Austria (thats the country with cows, not the kangaroos) still waiting. location germany. I might need to change my address then - what can we do about that? Still haven't received mine. No response when I ask on their FB page: <url>"Despatched to Overseas". I would like to highlight a couple of things. 1.) shipping from Singapore to Australia never takes that long. How do I know that? I'm a Singaporean (relocated to Perth) and have utilized Singapore postal service numerous of times and they never failed me. 2.) If it's a registered article, it would have meant that it should have been sent via air instead of sea. Also still waiting :/ I got a tracking number at first and the package arrived to my country (Sweden) but was sent back to Singapore.. Still havent received mine either... :( and its almost time for the iphone 6, just a few months left.... So, I got a quick, personal response with information regarding my situation so +1 to the treatment of customers. I hope I have a (big) chance to get my poppy after all... Ummmm... So no poppy for many of us, no update for almost three MONTHS. Yup, no doubt a sign of professionals. I too am missing the case and strap for my poppy, Ontario Canada, any idea on when I will receive them? Toan I agree completely with you.......I have not received a single email telling me what exactly is going on and when to expect my package. That's extremely unprofessional. Even small eBay sellers are better that way. I got mine (rural NSW near Canberra) just after Christmas (but I am still waiting on the bag and neck strap which were missed from the shipment). Still no sign of mine either. Kinda interesting to see it arrived only recently for Stephen in the UK. I wonder what shipment method was used by the third party... Ive had Free Shipping from Chinese Ebay to Australia, by freighter, only take 5 weeks max every time. $15 for shipping that is 6+ weeks transit is not reasonable, especially from Asia. I understand that there are issues that are out of your control, but the lack of feedback to the survey and the lack of ownership to the shipping issues has been disappointing =[ Every afternoon I get home from work, I hope to see a package with my name on it... I am not after a magic reindeer or a refund, I just want to play with a poppy =[ If it won't arrive soon, i might need to change my address :s Mine arrived today (UK) Still waiting for mine. Shipping from Hong Kong to Australia can't take that long. Hi, no sign of mine either. No sign of it yet Received with thanks. Still havent got mine :( Thanks Toan. Let me know when you finally receive yours and whether it is a defective or non-defective one and I'll do the same. Still Waiting for mine as well Mario. Also from Sydney, Australia here. Tempted to just buy one from PhotoJojo lol =/ It seems there are mixed reviews for the Poppy. Can this mean that some people are receiving defective (or not properly calibrated) Poppys? This is more a quality control issue then which should be tightened. I have not received mine yet so I'm just going to hope when I finally do, it is a non-defective one. Got my Poppy ok but images and video are terrible, looks like the two halfs are not really halfs, looks just awful, kind of overlapping in the middle or something, not really 3D... Tried the calibrating, no use. What's up guys? Its been 6 weeks since poppy shipped....haven't got it yet. Tracker's a waste. rang up Singapore Post multiple times on 17th & 20th Jan, filled the poppy survey in email on 21st Jan, raised a support ticket on poppy support website on 1st Feb....and haven't got that update that clarifies what's the status since 21st feedback ? Its damn frustrating to see marketing emails & contests ...can't participate nor have an update. PS :anybody received or not received theirs in India - who was the local shipping partner ? Keeping fingers crossed !! may be poppy pops out a surprise show in mail tomm Any of you from Australia who have not received his/her Poppy? I am in Sydney and although supposedly has been shipped a while ago from Singapore, still have not received it. Bloody frustrating as no emails received to state the reason for the delay. Got mine today, but video is terrible, looks like the two halfs are not really halfs, looks just awful, kind of overlapping in the middle or something, very jerky on iphone 5 and hitting record doesn't work properly all the time. By the way, there was no tracking number provided. Support site is down too. so... this is a disappointment. Will i get my poppy anytime soon? I've filled out the survey i've gotten in the mail and i haven't really been updated that it has helped anything. I'd really like to get mine and do some wigglegrams soon :D I have 2 email to verify my address and I confirm my address in 2 times. Why your shipping service cannot find my postal code ? I don't understand. I support many projects in Kickstarter. Never have a problem with my address. Do you guys realise how frustrating your promo's are when/if one has yet to receive their Poppy!!! I received advise on Dec. 24th that mine had shipped - still no delivery. It was posted from Singapore - obviously on the proverbial SLOW BOAT? @Edward glad to hear your Poppy reached you in Singapore. The team is working hard to add features to the app to make your experience even better. Stay tuned for future updates to the app. @Karen, Patrick K., W. Laging, Jeffrey and Connie - glad you've gotten your Poppy and enjoying it. Be sure to check out the support site. @EVERYONE - we've now got a pretty decent support site up and running now, so reminder to please check that out at <url>"Calibrated" setting in the app's section in the iOS settings. Quiting the app ( double tap home, swipe, the app up ), changing that setting to off and relaunching the app reruns the calibration step. Got my Poppy yesterday. Initial feedback: - The outer box looks cheap - thin and unappealing white cardboard. This is more of a comment about the initial impression, especially important if this will be in stores at some point. - The first time I used it I noticed plastic shavings or other dirt on the inside of the lens. Another ding for initial impression. - The app default mode was video which seems like an odd choice to me. - I haven't been successful at watching 3D videos on YouTube - the iOS app won't show the 3D, and in the web I can see it but the aspect ratio comes out skinny (seems like each half of the string is supposed to get stretched sideways for the correct aspect ratio). - General feeling is more toy-ish than I expected, though the Poppy feels much better than the box. - The app is very preliminary, I trust that it will greatly improve the experience once it gets updated with better controls, ability to consume video from YouTube, etc. - It would be great if it were possible to take the phone in and out and leave the insert in - consideration for Poppy 2.0 design. Kudos for delivering in 2013, will have to take more photos and hopefully print some using lenticular lenses. Amnon Its Dec 31st 2013 and i just received my poppy!!!. Thanks guys. Out the box it was quite easy to use and my family is having a blast already with it. Things i notice... on the iphone 4s, the recording fits the screen perfectly without any edge overlay or distortion but on the iphone 5s, the prism seems to capture your surrounding, distorting the edges and make you seem like you are seeing out the edge of the viewfinder. The quality of the unit is great, and my wife commented that the playback seems as if she is watching a movie!!. How do you recalibrate? I accidentally hit done and can't get back? Just got my poppy. It is a thing of beauty. The design is inspired. I'll be putting it through its paces over the next week. Stay tuned for more... :) I just received my White Poppy in today. Here are my thoughts..... 1) Well designed packing, but be careful as mine was placed upside down when opening, so slide it out slowly to find if yours upside down or placed correctly. 2) It appears to be a bit "Blurry" when viewing through the Poppy lens. So I asked a few family members to check it out and all said the same thing. Could the 2 clear lens (where your eyes are viewing through) be out of focus? I couldn't fine anywhere to adjust the focus on the lens. It's not my iPhone 5 problem, my iPhone 5 focus is sharp. Either I got a Poppy with defective viewing lens or there is other internal focusing problems with the Poppy. My Poppy is White. So far, I haven't experience the "Wow" factor yet as what I'm viewing is a bit "Blurry". What I can say is that you will need to train your eyes to look in the "Center" of the two images. You can still see parts of each images on each side of your eyes. Hopefully Poppy creators can contact me via PM and help me solve this Blurry mess, maybe a replacement???? Got my poppy!! Thank you. Got my poppy today. Tested it out. It's pretty cool. (In California) Received my POPPY today and tried to do some initial testing...I've uploaded a sample clip to Youtube taken using the poppy and when I tried to view it on my 3D TV in 3d mode it doesn't work... Are we only able to view the 3d content we take with the poppy using the actual device? Makes for sharing on TV's impossible? Thanks! received poppy, agreed with Jeffrey that there are people still using and want to stick to ios6 (like me!) i played with an iphone with ios7 of my frd and i have some initial feedback 1) there is dust on the lens and mirrors and this seems affecting the image quality, is this safe for us to open the case ourselves and clean off the dust? will this affect the alignment of the lens and mirrors? 2) it works well on iphone 5, but i am using iphone 4. I have not tried with iphone 4 as i am on ios6, but it seems the screen is not splited in the middle as it does to iphone 5. Hoping i was wrong on this and works great with iphone 4! Same here in Pennsylvania - arrived today in perfect shape - Thanks!!! Got mine today. Haven't used it enough to really comment on things, but it seems well made and put together. (It obviously wasn't designed for eye-glass wearers, however.) looking forward to messing with it!! Thanks. Singapore post track no only show waiting shipper or merchant. i've been trying to check the delivery track everysince i received the email. but until now there's no shipping status identified by singapore post. can't hardly wait! Received Poppy today. Went to download app but it only works if your phone is ios7. I'm soooo disappointed. Where's the ios6 version ??? Many people don't want their iPhone to be version 7 (sorry Johnny Ives) Rec'd my (4) red/blue (anaglyph) 3D glasses today. Hoping to get word on my Poppy pledge using a different KS account. Got my Poppy today! Initial thoughts: It's pretty great, except that (a) the sizing and spacing of the eyepieces are definitely optimized for a different face size than mine -- headache city -- and (b) on my iPod the app crashes when taking a photo about 1/3 of the time. Best part of the experience so far is that I was able to fire up the Flickr app, do a search for old stereo images, and flip through them with pretty good results. Not all stereograph scans are properly centered, and of course some have been animated, but I was surprised at how many I was able to view in Poppy without any additional effort. There are a lot of old public domain stereo images that area easy to find on Flickr (like in the Library of Congress account). And there are also other sources online, like NYPL's extensive collection, which may require a bit more work to get into Poppy. Got my tracking this morning as well! Can't wait to sweep the completion with some 3D content ;) I just received my tracking info so you can ignore my last comment. Can't wait for Poppy! Received the Poppy a few days ago. It is intended to be a gift, so I haven't actually used it, as I do not have an iphone. I do have a Galaxy Note 2 (wink, wink) though. I did open up the box to look at the unit. It is very nicely designed. The smooth finish is excellent. Hopefully I get to see it in action when I present it to my friend. Same as Hassan, I have yet to receive any shipping or tracking notification since receiving the email stating we would. Any news? I got the update a few days ago saying we should receive the tracking from Amazon soon, but I still haven't received anything so I just wanted to double check. Any updates on the shipping? Thanks in advance, and I can't wait to film 3D videos for my YouTube channel! Hi team, i received an email from Joe today "Refund or partial refund from Poppy", i don't know what happened, and i never requested a refund, does someone else receive the same message? ---------- Hi there, If you are receiving this email it’s because for whatever reason, we owe you a refund! I just wanted to update you that I have not forgotten. At this stage I’m actually just waiting for a money transfer to happen to our Amazon payments account so I can properly issue the funds to you. It should be there in the next couple of days (I’ve been waiting since last thursday) thanks, joe ---------- Hope can get it fast. Can't wait to try out. Yeah, got the shipping notification too this morning. Darn, too bad I will have to pick them up next Monday. Our office is closed until then. Just got the shipping notification--I'm pretty excited!! @Jeffery G. Bowman - actually the design hasn't been changed that much. It's still has two "boxes". The unit when not engaging the photo/video taking position looks like one box. When taking photos/videos, it is positioned to show 2 boxes. The 2nd box at front is twisted around to align the prism and mirror to get the image to the camera, thus the 2nd box is off-set from the viewer's main box that holds the iphone. I took the demo unit on a hike this weekend. Got stopped twice by different groups of hikers. Showed it off and did a 15 minute demo and chat with these hikers of various ages (30's and 50's) and they were quite interested and entertained that one girl was now disappointed with her iphone 5s taking a normal picture of them on the mountain top. I pointed them to the Poppy3D.com website of course. My friends' kids love it so much I think I've scratched the orange surface from so much rotating the front lens. 5-7 year olds are pretty rough on any toy you give them and then they think 3D is funny just by sticking their fingers up the holes of the Poppy and staring at their fingers. The older kids love shooting videos in 3D with it...or more exact, be in the video and laugh at the 3D of themselves. Have a Happy Holidays everyone! Hi, Perhaps its been addressed earlier, but if so I didn't see it, so I'll ask here: In the prototype, there is a "second box" at the end of the main box. The "second box" being colored orange in the pictures of it. In the picture on the update, the entire unit is only one box. Sorry for such a poor description, but I think it relays what I'm referring to. I'm wondering what happened to change the outside design? Was there some kind of difference in the optics that was introduced? Just curious. Thanks. the app works great on the iphone 5s, just the other phone cpus may be slow. If someone can tell me what is the best way to edit the video footage that can be used on 3D tv, that would be great. Basic editing is fine if viewing through Poppy or uploaded as a straight video clip on Youtube. Haven't had time yet to try some techniques on my Mac to create a proper SBS clip by creating two video files from clips yet due to the Christmas holiday work rush to complete everything and shut down for the holidays. from what I know from the meetup, shipping to distribution centers were this past week as Joe was at the factory for the packing and palletization for shipping. From there they would ship to the KS backers and pre-orders this coming week, but that pretty much depends on when they arrive at your region's distribution center. I'm currently using a demo production unit I took from Joe. An update regarding the app. On my 4s it was slow for video. I tried the app on my friend's 5s today and the video camera worked like a champ. So I went and upgraded my phone to the 5s. Luckily I didn't have to calibrate my 5s but I did need to using my friend's 5s. Took some more photos of christmas settings at the shopping centres in the rain. Some objects may look blurry, but when I played back, the picture was clear for photos. For video, depending on distance, the 3d effect is stronger the closer it is to your Poppy. I shot through a rainy window on the tram and on playback you can really tell you are looking through a window as that layer is very pronounced in 3D. I didn't even notice that while recording. I should upload some pictures and videos later but no one will be able to see them without their Poppy, except for the prototype and pre-production backers. In the meantime, I need to setup my new iphone. Have yet to receive my Poppy in NYC. Sent in survey a long time ago. Have not all shipped yet? Thanks! The Poppy 3D iOS app is available now on iTunes app store. Yay! Video recording needs to be improved though. If you don't move or pan, it's good for now I guess. Needs to be optimized in the next update after you guys have taken care of shipments to KS backers and pre-orders. I've been using the phone's camera app and zooming and fiddling around with a demo production unit with my 4s during the past 2 days but without the adaptor (it was the iphone 5 adaptor with this demo unit). It works and has impressed all the colleagues and friends I've shown it to, especially the short video clips using just the regular camera app. Zoom in slightly to get of a more 3D effect. So far I've shot on my 4s and a colleague's 5s. Deleted most of the clips...too many rude gestures from my colleagues but 3D depth was good. LOL. Oh, sound capture is pretty decent too as I could hear the conversations without earphones on playback in the Poppy. Can't wait to test some more on my 4s once I get my Poppy, until then I've been asking to borrow other people's iphone 5/5s and using just the standard camera app. Can't seem to access that feature on the mobile YouTube app or Chrome on mobile or PC or on Safari. Internet Explorer and Firefox has the option available though on PC. I'll have to find another browser on the iPhone I guess. Thanks Joe for coming down from the China factory and having a meetup with backers in Hong Kong on the weekend. The units look great and for those who like the white version, you will not be disappointed. Sample videos from your beta app were good (and shot using the prototype units) but when using the almost final app to shoot video with the production unit, the 3D depth was really good while shooting in the cafe we were in. A bit grainy though but I can't tell if that was due to the lighting or from enlarging the image from the calibrated offset for the camera. Watching Youtube side-by-side 3D clips was impressive except for the squeezed format image that 3D TVs would unsqueeze for proper screen size. This was played straight off youtube so can't really do anything about that. Anyways, can't wait to receive my Poppy but hope Apple approves your app soon so we can shoot video with it. Without the app to calibrate the camera image position, all it can be is a really fun 3D viewer. Can't wait to see what everyone will shoot using the Poppy. One caveat is that it gets very tiring holding the unit too long while viewing in binocular stance. I suggest finding a place to lean and support the arms. Anyways, good luck to everyone and hope you're one of those who will get the Poppy before Christmas to play with. Hi, I am backing from the UK. James i thought that might be the case...thanks for clarifying! How did Naga get one so quickly? WOHOOO got mine today via FEDEX :D Thanks Ethan, review coming up later on tonight.... :D Hi, Just wonder if you know how long international shipping will take? Best wishes, James Will we get a tracking number when poppy is on its way? That's great news!! Have a happy thanksgiving Your new phone will fit the poppy. Adapters will be included. Is there someone I could directly contact to change an order - I'm upgrading my iPhone from 4S to 5C and the Poppy I requested will not fit my new iPhone. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I had a thought: the two 3D images contain depth information in the horizontal offset between the same features in the left and right image. Therefore, there could be software that can read this and then apply blurring for a controllable depth of field effect, somewhat like a Lytro camera. Is this something you'd look into? I would like to change my shipping address. How can I do that? well the copycat poppy ain't taking off! :P i'm glad it didn't. there's just way too many of this 'entrepreneurs' around. Have to say that link to the copycat poppy looks like a very nice design... I have a question when I update my phone does that mean my Poppy will no longer work? This is in response to you asking what kind of iphone you have. I would hate for my Poppy to become obsolete as soon as I get a new phone esp as Apple is always coming out with new advanced models... @Ross, in fact they support different smartphone since it is modular. this looks like an exact copy of the poppy!!! <url>" Peak Design " has a Kickstarter project called " Capture Camera Clip V2 " I'm going to use it with my Poppy . They also have the perfect camera strap which was funded on Kickstarter . Any chance you guys could make a deal ? I'm thinking of changing my pledge but want the"Bag" , but their camera strap ....... I'll pledge more . Thanks Would it be possible to view other peoples Wiggle 3D images as a still 3D image, no matter what the size or wiggle speed? I'm with @Rick waterproof housing is a must accesories after thisnone funded :) cant wait to film 3d underwater scene. Any thoughts on including a feature in the app that would extract stereo pairs of images from the scan or photo of a Viewmaster reel? After all, so long as one image is selected, the others could be geometrically determined (see <url>" Poppy " with strap and bag be after funding ? Thanks ! As a lifelong stereography lover, I just had to back this project. I've been shooting stereograms for years (mostly using the weight-shift method) and viewing them on my iPhone with a homemade viewer, but this will be so much better! I do have a suggestion for your Kickstarter page: make sure your sample images are really good. I know that sounds elementary, but... for example, your left eye/right eye "conceptualization" is WAY misaligned vertically. For a 3D lover like me, and presumably for a large portion of your potential audience, it's natural to free-view a stereo pair like this... but when I try, the disparity in these images is headache-inducing. Also, I'm concerned about the video performance of the device. Your "robot donut machine" sample video is grossly compressed horizontally, as is the image pair from "Avatar." I certainly wouldn't want to watch video this distorted. Yet the sample stills from "Titanic," et al. look normal. So which can we expect? I realize you can't control what YouTube does to their 3D clips, but I'd at least expect Poppy to be able to shoot and show its own video without the kind of distortion seen in your "robot donut machine" example. I just pledged for my Dad's birthday on Thursday. I signed in as him but paid through my Amazon account. Is there a way for me to have it shipped directly to him in December or will it have to come to the Amazon address? I was never given a chance to enter a ship address. Thanks. Sarah @ethan and joe - RE: red/cyan glasses - I know this was mentioned briefly in the comments on one of the older Updates, but I don't believe any decision was actually announced with respect to whether these glasses would be included or available as a pledge add-on. I'm happy to pay extra, if necessary. Also, regardless of whether you throw a pair in free as a stretch goal (or otherwise), having the ability to over pledge for as many glasses as desired would be a plus when it comes to sharing pics/videos with a group. The logistics for this are easily managed at survey time. Thanks for your time and congrats on your tremendous funding success. Your journey is just beginning... :-) Just wanted to say thanks guys for the white option on 59. I absolutely think it is art versus ur blk model. Oh you GOTTA have wigglegram support! Please!! Make it part of the $150k stretch goal if you must! ;) MB, I believe that's correct but without Poppy you would have to use those red/blue glasses instead. I don't think you'll be able to view the photos and videos in 3D with the naked eye. I'm really excited about this! Just like Rob McFadden commented "I gave in...had to back this one...". What tipped the scale for me was your mention of the Poppy app. I am making an assumption (and we know the phrase about assumptions), the app will make it possible to view 3D images recorded using Poppy without having the phone inside Poppy? Thus, anyone with the Poppy app will be able view 3D images sent to them that have been recorded with Poppy? I hope both questions are true. When will the app debut or how far along is the app in relation to the release of Poppy? Great idea. However, as it's a mirror based construction, please make sure you do it right and use good materials. Also, mind the edges of the image. I remember another Kickstarter project, GoPano micro, which was a 360 degree camera adapter for the iPhone, was basically unusable because the quality of the mirror was just terrible... What is the pre-order price after Kickstarter? If i want to take still photos, how do i focus? This user's account has been deleted. Hi guys... so the posted clips on Youtube weren't really what I was expecting to see.... unless the image alignment can be shown to be dramatically improved so you can at least converge the images then maybe it'll only be fun for use on the iphone itself... but not for posting anything saved to another format that doesn't use the same alignment mechanism that captured the images originally. Would love to see some more examples with better alignment. I tried watching the Youtube sample clips on my 3d tv via my apple tv but the side by side images wouldn't line up enough to give a 3d look even after I adjusted the tv settings. Is that something that's just not possible? The 3d blurays I've bought look good on my set. I watched other 3d YouTube videos (Galapagos islands) and it looks spectacular in 3d. Will it be possible to adjust the recording settings? I gave in... had to back this one, just for the novelty of it. The kids will love it one one or another. Anyways, I have a question and a suggestion. First, it sounds like there's going to be some sort of insert to fit different phones into the slot. Will you be selling additional ones in the future, as new phones become available? My concern is that this is releasing just after the iPhone 5s will be out, and while it SBOULD be very similar to the iPhone 5 in shape and size, I would like to be sure I can use this. Also, when the iPhone 6 comes out... well, you get the idea. Second, I would like like to suggest that you add a "3D animated GIF" feature to your iOS app as a way to share the pictures with others easily. Here's a link with more information: <url>"Me too" vote. I promise, guys, I'm not always so needy or demanding. But if y'all hit a few hundred K, it's another great stretch goal. :D And CONGRATULATIONS to Ethan and Joe (if they can forgive the familiarity). Hit goal in less than a day! W00tness! Amazing! Congrats on hitting your funding goal pretty much IMMEDIATELY! Awesome product, and well deserved! Can you guys make a version with a head strap, or perhaps attached to a helmet, so I never have to view the world in any other way than through my Poppy? Congrats on the awesome product and successful launch guys. Looking forward to making some Poppy magic! Oculus Rift support would be great! ;) Ethan Lowry & Joe Heitzeberg : Wow, I go to lunch and come back and find a very reasonable response. Thanks guys -- I'll look forward to the solution. I suppose worst case everyone can wait until their birthdays in '14. ;-) For now I've donated at the $299 level. Maybe a $99 level for 2 Poppy devices (Poppys? Poppies?) or a $199 level for 4? A "+1" to Sheeri Cabral's suggestion -- I know of many people who would totally dig one of those bad boys as a gift come the holidays. And a big THANK YOU for coming up with this idea! I've played with DIY 3D video in the past, and while it's not atrociously hard to do it's way more of a production (literally) than this would be. Seems like the only way to get more than one Poppy is to pledge at the $299 level so you get 1 pre-production and 1 post-production. Any way we could have a $49 add-on so that if I wanted to get, say, 3 Poppy devices, I could? (these'd make great December holiday gifts). I've played with a prototype. Love it. Also, if Crosby thinks it's cool, it's cool. Add $10 tp pledge for the strap and bag? @Creator--Great! This will be a nice compliment to my current collection, and it sounds to me like any stereo photography fan would want one. I have played with the iPhone apps that require you to take 2 photographs, but of course that's far from ideal for many reasons (although if you do it "just right" and view it correctly, you can see some stereo effect), and this seems to elegantly (as elegantly as possible, at any rate) resolve that problem. Sorry but after viewing the pictures and video from Engadget, I'm not impress with the results. I still see 2 images next to each other, also in video. So you would need to do some final productions edits on your own and combine the 2 into 1 to make it 3D. I think Poppy is best only view live with the unit and not something we can digitally capture or save. This is not for me, but could be great for others. Good luck. @ KRIS--Creators, correct me if I'm wrong, but the device functions as both the camera lens and the viewer--the viewer function is similar to an old stereo viewer, which has been around since the late 1800's? Or does it use a more recently discovered principle? I have an antique wooden stereo viewer and a small collection of old cards, so this seems like it should be really great--I'm excited and looking forward to the product! Congrats on the concept and the execution (which seems to be going well from what I've read). I have seen this from the beginning and it's amazing to see how far the product has come. Both Joe and Ethan have been working really hard to make sure they can produce a quality product. Looking forward to using my Poppy! Hi, Can you post an actual iPhone 5 image taken straight from the camera for us backers to see and also a link to the actual video recording from the iPhone. It seems a little too good but no actual samples straight from the iPhone. Also does this require you to wear any 3d glasses to view once you capture the image or video? Happy to donate and looking forward to the launch. My company powers NVIDIA's 3D Vision Live site and we are avid 3D enthusiasts. Let us know what we can do to help! I've been lucky enough to watch Poppy evolve over the last few months. It's sleek and fun; well-made and feels great in your hands. The perfect project for Kickstarter. Excited to see this launch guys. Great idea that I am sure will crowdfund well. Cheers! I was lucky enough to test drive a pre-production Poppy, it blew my socks off! Amazing piece of gear, I'll be buying many as gifts, my folks will go bananas! Rock on guys!