Full of Fuel charges multiple devices, over and over again with a single charge. Light weight and elegant design. With each person in North America owning an average 5.8 electronic devices it’s no wonder we’re constantly looking for a plug socket. Why Is Full of Fuel Different? Unlike the current products on the market Full of Fuel charges both USB and DC input devices. So anything! Laptops, phones, portable DVD's, handheld games, iPads…..pretty much anything that needs a charge. Not only does it beat other products with the ability to charge multiple devices at the same time; it does it in LESS time! A traditional USB charger can take 11 - 18 hours to charge, Full of Fuel (F-20) will charge it in 4 hours. For example the F-20 can charge a laptop from empty to full twice on one charge. Or an iPhone 5 from empty to full 14 times. From anywhere, anytime. Although the F20 (20000mAh) is our most innovative product we have also developed two additional sizes the F16 (16000mAh) and F12 (12000mAh). Who Will Love Full of Fuel? On Vacation! Forget mulitple plugs, chargers and adpators just take the Full of Fuel and keep everyone's devices full charged on the plane or a tropical island. At the Weekend! Heading camping? Fishing? Biking? Road Trip? Skiing? Hiking? Sport event? Party? Boat Trip? Pack the Full of Fuel and keep your devices charged while you recharge your batteries. Week Days! Stuck on the train? Need to charge your laptop on the move? Never miss an important call and have your laptop ready to go, even when out the office for days on end. Kids! Long drives. Camping Trips. Flights. What ever the reason keep everyone happy with a Full of Fuel device! Charge multiple devices over and over again from one charge, anywhere and anytime. Essential to make your life eaiser as a parent on the move! Emergency Responder! Paramedic, Firefighter, SAR, River Rescue, Police - whatever your position in these awesome sectors never use out to dead batteries. Don't forget Full of Fuel charges more than just USB devices! (Our Demo Video) Number of times the F20 (20,000mAh) will charge your device: Number of charges depends on the mAh of the device being charged. Divide 20000 by the mAh of your device. · Apple iPhone 4,5, 5s & 5c : ~14 times Samsung Galaxy S III: ~9 times Samsung Galaxy Note: ~8 times Amazon Kindle Fire: ~5 times Apple iPad 1 or 2: ~3.5 times Apple iPad mini: ~4.5 times Google Nexus 4: ~9.5 times Google Nexus 10: ~3 times Our Design (One of the first 3D F20 drawings) (F20 autocad) (One of the most advanced IC board custom designed for use with the F20) Connect with us ! Feel free to ask us any questions and share your experience with us. We'll post news and updates too! Facebook Twitter Google + Our Story I created the series charger after I was frustrated by always losing power to my devices when I needed them the most a feeling many people have especially as new smart phone platforms are draining cell phones quicker. I always had to carry my laptop charger and phone charger and sometimes I couldn't even find a plug to charge them. There was nothing on the market that fixed all these solutions. So I decided to start Full of Fuel. Full of Fuel was founded with the intention to challenge the battery technology and push past the boundaries in the established marketplace. When we decided to create an external battery of our own, we identified several features that we felt we could improve upon. We wanted higher capacity and a faster charge in a compact size, and we knew that to force change in a stagnant industry we would have to find a manufacturer willing to partner with us to develop innovative technology solutions that they did not yet possess. In the early stages, we focused on finding an attractive look for our battery, we began by looking at existing products on the market, getting an idea of how well they were selling, and finding out what people were saying about them. Our passion for simplicity led us to create a sleek and compact form factor. We set out to design a battery backup with enough power to withstand everyday life. Each one of these aspects could not be compromised. We needed a device that was light enough to carry around but could still charge your devices over & over conveniently and effortlessly. What’s included? (AC Wall charger, one (1) DC connecting cable for laptop & other devices, 8 adapter plugs for laptops & other devices,& adapter USB cable) Meet the Team ! Sunny Singh Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Full of Fuel Technologies Sunny Singh has been instrumental from the inception of Full of Fuel Technologies in creating a Company that in every way exemplifies his vision of fo-filling the need of business and individuals for immediate reenergizing cell phones and battery operated products. Mr. Singh has overseen the development of the products from concept stage, to product design and manufacturing, to the hiring of a marketing team, the implementation of a marketing plan, and finally the launch of the products. He has a Business Degree from the British Columbia Institute of Technology. John Peterson Product Manager for Full of Fuel Technologies Mr. Peterson has a wide experience in business he brings to the company. He has owned and operated businesses over forty years which include owning and managing real estate investment firms that bought, sold and managed commercial and residential properties and restaurants in the Lower Mainland and the Okanagan Valley. Mr. Peterson for three years was developing a commercial electronic platform for 360 degree viewing and selling of homes and yachts. Mr Peterson provides marketing and business direction for Full of Fuel Technologies. Mr. Peterson also assists Mr. Singh advising companies wishing to develop and market products in Canada and U.S.A! Anthony Osten Creative Director & Logistics Manager Anthony manages the creation of graphic material in both digital and print media; formatting of e-marketing communications, including our website fullofuel.com, as well managing movement of goods and supplies and maintains our relationship with shipping partners. Manufacturing Plan Prior to Kickstarter launch (January 2013 - July 2013) Market research Established manufacturing partners in China Completed IC board design and testing with engineering company Lithium ion polymer battery selection with battery manufacturer Mold (shell) design and fabrication FCC, CE, and ROHS certification General product testing by Full of Fuel. Ensure proper regulations are met for air transportation During Kickstarter campaign (November 2013 to December 2013) Raw materials procurement Production planning Work with FedEx on importation process into U.S.and Canada FedEx to work with manufacturer to ensure safe shipment of lithium-ion batteries. After the Kickstarter campaign (January 2014 to February 2014) Manufacturing of the Full of Fuel (takes about 10 business days) Product inspection by third party company at manufacturer Pre-shipment inspection by Fedex at manufacturer FedEx Express product pickup in China and air transport delivery to Full of Fuel office. Shipment of Full of Fuel rewards to our donors. We are very happy to announce that every pledge $60 or more will now come with a Macbook adaptor. We are also working on more adaptors as soon as we hear anything we will post an update. Thanks Full of Fuel Team Dear Backers , We have reached our halfway point in our Kickstarter campaign (currently at 55%) and we would like to thank you the backers, for your enthusiasm and support of our campaign! We are closer to when you will have your very own Full of Fuel product! Your support is much appreciated, thus your continued patronage and suggestions are a vital part of our growth. And for that, we are most grateful. We value your trust in our campaign , and we will do our best to meet your expectations. Thanks again, for your support. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to email Full of Full with your question! Full of Fuel Team We are happy to announce that we will be making adaptors for Apple MacBooks, they will work with all of the F series products. Pictures of the adaptors will be up in the next week or so. Thanks, Full of Fuel Team We've had alot of questions about shipping prices. We agree that the international shipping charge is frustratingly high. Here are the challenges that are driving the cost to the current level: It's important for us to have end-to-end tracking of the package for obvious reasons. This leads us to use a courier service like FedEx or DHL which is more expensive than traditional postal service.The entire system, accessories and packaging can weigh between 2 to 3lbs depending on the package selected. The weight & trackable delivery adds up.The battery packs require special handling which further increases costs.If you go to the US Mail website (www.usps.com) or Canada Postal Service(www.canadapost.com) and punch in some various destinations and weights, you will see that our shipping rate is right in line with our actual costs. The reality is that international shipping gets up there once the weight exceeds 2-3 lbs. Full of Fuel Team. @Mike G: We're sorry that you feel feel this way about our battery products. We have changed the battery design from those you viewed to have a high efficiently output in our products. We also use premium grade batteries that have a higher efficiency rating. While these competitors claim they have safety features built in such as anti overcharge protection we found theses claims not to be totally true. So we are assured that our F series chargers offer these features. We redesigned the IC board so that it allows a person to safely charge your products as if you were charging the charger itself through the DC input. @Manuel we will be looking at making adaptors for the surface pro as of right now we do not have any adaptors for the surface pro, we are also looking at making adaptors for apple macbooks. @eElevated technologies @Rajesh K We would not come to kickstarter with a product that is already on the market we have been working really hard on the development of our products for the last year and half. Although the products may look the same the technology in our products is far superior. We are willing to provide any proof neccessary to proof these products are indeed ours, we have all the autocads, 3D designs, our lab battery tests etc. It is unfortunate that you have withdrawn your support from our campaign, if I can answer any of your future questions & concerns please let us know. Thanks @ Rajesh K As soon as we find out anything for the MacBook adapters and the charge through technology we will put it up we are working hard to get it done before the rewards are shipped out. Sorry the F16 does come with 8 adapters thanks so much for pointing that out we will update it now. A carrying case is what we were thinking as well for one of our stretch goals. @Rajesk K. Here are the answers to your questions. 1. The marketing company that we were using wasn't so experienced in crowdfunding & and also the individual that owned the company was having personal/family issues. We have now teamed up with a marketing company that has experience in crowdfunding so there will be no issues. 2. When we first made the campaign we needed $ 20,000 but like I said our marketing company was the one that made our page and as you know the goal cannot be changed after the campaign has launched. 3. We are currently working on seeing if we can make MacBook adapters. The 8 adapters that are included are for laptops such as; Sony, Samsung, Toshiba, Dell, IBM, Acer, HP, Asus, BenQ, & many more. 4. Most charger are charged through USB whereas the F series chargers are charged through DC inputs. 5. We have tested and passed our products so there will be no issues with overheating or malfunction. There's also a Safety Protection System in our chargers it will insure theres no overload on products. 6. There is no charge through technology, but we are working on that as we speak. 7. We will leave the stretch goal ideas to our backers, if you have any ideas or suggestions please let us know. I hope this answers your concerns if you have any other questions please feel free to contact us anytime Thank Full of Fuel Team. @Rajesh we had a some issues with the company that was doing our online marketing for us. We figured out the issues and here we are. Wow wonder what this apparent fraud will do to their amazon rating of their product? well i figured this was going to happen. I never received any follow up, no documentation, They told me they were going to send me some products so i could legitimize them with a direct comparison with the Anker version that was claimed to be used here. I also received no follow up messaged after i was told they would ship me the devices. not a peep. I guess its for the best, if and i will leave it at that until i find anything that tells me different. Too late now, its suspended and likely wont get re-activated Wow. Thanks all for your investigations! I am glad this was reported before I got duped and I will be more careful now! I just pledged $1 so I can throw in my $0.02 for everyone. I just bought one of the similar units off Amazon last week (the PowerCastle 26000 mAh pack) before coming across this product here in KS. Internally, it's not 100% the same board, which isn't unexpected based on the higher mAh rating and that it uses a mechanical switch to go between 12/16/19V output. Still, it's so similar, I'd be surprised if it's not rolling off the same line as the Anker and this re-badged unit. I'd also be very skeptical about the Macbook adapter being included. NO ONE has been able to legally offer a MagSafe adapter in the US/Canada/EU because Apple's patented the design. There are a couple possible ways they can offer this: 1) They're cannibalizing / modifying existing MagSafe adapters. This is the only legit way it can be done without running afoul of Apple's lawyers (this is how HyperShop sells their battery - you have to cut and splice in a connector). It's also too expensive for their pricing model, because you can't get a MagSafe that cheap. 2) They're relying on cheap Chinese knockoff MagSafe cords - you can get them on eBay for under $10 per piece in small quantities. The knockoff cords won't have legit safety documentation, and if you're really unlucky, they'll get held up at Customs. Caveat emptor. @ Brent - That is my Plan if they really look that much alike i will infact order one. I have Amazon prime so i will get 2 day shipping. I requested close up photos of the units demoed in the video, FCC, CE, RoHS certification, patent documentation, so far they have only asked my my address, i havent had a response since and that was 4 or 5 days ago. Im staying cautiously optimistic, but at this point those demoed batteries could have been modified so im no longer putting much stake in photos. Anyways. I will continue to report anything i can positive or negative. Right now im just waiting for any sort of response to my last couple messages. Thanks Rob for doing this! You will though most likely have to order the one off Amazon for accurate judgements and observations. Hopefully you will be able to complete these findings b4 the countdown ends on this product. You are doing a good thing to help other consumers! Ok guys. i have re-pledged at a low level so i can be involved here in the comments. I have been talking at length with the project owner and they insist they are legit. They are sending me batteries to test and review. If needed i will also order the Anker pro2 off amazon and do a comparison and even rip them open to look at the guts. If The project owner delivers me the products and the legal documentation showing they own this i will share the results here with everyone. Im staying very cautious, i have still not received any documentation or any of the other electronic version of the stuff i asked for to validate, but i will wait a bit longer. I will provide updates as i can get them. This project looks too sketchy to me and I want to thank those who brought these questions to light regarding the other products that are already on the market that look exactly like this. I don't see anything new and since I am already having issues with another KS project, hint hint, Embrace+, I don't feel like getting scammed again. To those of you who stay in this project to the end, I wish you luck and hope that you get a genuine product. I myself, am out of this one. What's the difference between your f20 and the anker pro 2 apart from cosmetics <url>’s not unique, it’s not new. It’s already out there. It doesn’t seem to bring any true value that will help you as a start-up company grow. This is not what Kickstarter is about. Additionally I would like to call out that even your new "marketing team" is failing. I tried to relay this to you in a private message but did not may any changes. You are very obviously falsifying charge times and setting very bad expectation. The number of times you change your devices is NOT 20,000 divided by the mAh capacity of your battery. For starters this assumes perfect energy exchange, no loss of energy through heat or other components. Just not possible. The reality is, by your measurements a 2,000 mAh battery should be able to be changed 10 times. I own almost a dozen portable batteries (from 1,800 to 18,000 mAh) and have done extensive testing and I can show with documented results that there is no way you would get a 2,000 mAh battery to change more than 6 or 7 times under perfect conditions, never would it charge 10 times. This further shows a lack of true testing and again poor marketing. At this point unless you can show a patent documentation or other legal documents showing that this design is owned by you (same company listed as the KS Project owner) and that it’s a unique product, im afraid I will perceive this to be fraudulent. Let’s see the FCC, CE, and ROHS certification paperwork. Let’s see those numbers line up with the products you demoed. Those products had logos on the front and FCC/CE/RoHS info along with model and serial number info on the back, its visible in the video. Let’s see those products close up so we can see the logo imprinted on the bottom of the 2 smaller units. I can’t believe I missed it myself as I had almost bought that Anker model off Amazon about 6 months ago. With my history and collection im ashamed I didn’t catch it sooner. At this time I will be withdrawing my pledge (so won't be able to make any more comments) but will follow the project. If you are able to publish the legal documents I will consider re-pledging. This F16 looks familiar: <url>"your" other designs that look EXACTLY the same as what is being sole: <url>"yours" doesn't do anything different, so how is yours not the same? Are you planning on having an adapter for the Surface Pro? Sunny Can you answer @Elevated technologies comment? Why are you selling the product here at KS while it is being available for over 1 year - this is not an online retail store. I am reporting this to KS and withdrawing my pledge. In fact, if you want the next generation of this battery pack, they now offer it with an LCD screen and it is cheaper than the old version they are trying to scam you with here. <url>#1 and #2 priorities respectively. Thanks for the clarification. Will we know about Macbook adapter and Charge through technology before the project ends? Why does F16 have 10 adapters as compared to 8 for the other two? I have no doubt that it will get funded in 1-2 days. For stretch goals- case/carry on bag, or increase the capacity of battery - maybe? Thanks Thanks for quick reply. 1. Can you elaborate on those issues and how are you avoiding those so that it is gonna be a success here? 2. Why 20K instead of 15K? 3. Does this work MacBooks? And can you give a bit more details about the 8 adapters? 4. What makes this charge more faster than other products? 5. With that amount of charge is there going to be overheating and malfunction of the unit? 6. Does it have charge through technology? 6. The way it is taking off here, I have no doubt that this will be over pledged. Any stretch goal ideas - like a case or a bag to carry, increase the battery capacity etc. Hope I did not overwhelm you Thanks Sunny Cool product. How come it did not take off at at the other crowd source funding place? Why are you trying to raise 20 K here as opposed to 15 K. Thanks