PLAY OUR DEMO! Project Giana now is on Steam Greenlight! Vote for us if you want to see the game on Steam! More to come! More levels, additional modes, more enemies, more bosses and hey, maybe even OUYA launch readiness! WE MADE IT! But it's not over yet! Among other things, you can now pledge via PayPal! Go here for details! A BIG THANK YOU TO ALL OUR BACKERS: If you pledged $25 or more, we'll provide you with all future aditional Project Giana content for free! Subtitled version of the Kickstarter video on YouTube (EN/DE/FR) Gameplay video on YouTube Visit us on Facebook! Project Giana is the grandchild of The Great Giana Sisters, a Super Mario Bros clone made by the now-deceased founder of our company in the eighties. Of course, Nintendo didn’t like that, and the sisters got pulled off the shelves. That’s ancient history now, and, in an ironic twist, a legit Giana game was released for the DS in 2009. That was a pretty awesome move from Nintendo, and we’re grateful! Project Giana derives its name from our protagonist, a little girl stuck in a dream world. The “Project” part is a placeholder – the final title will be determined during the final stage of our kickstarter, and will take your feedback into account. Our game will initially be released on PC, with later releases on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network. So… why does this new project exist? For Giana’s twenty-fifth anniversary, we wanted to do something of our own, with full creative control and no “dumbing down”. Publishers tend to avoid titles they can’t groom for risk and profit, which is fair enough for a business, so we had to finance Giana ourselves. We’ve stuck to the classic core gameplay, but we’ve also expanded it with something new. Don’t worry – it’s not a random idea out of the blue, but builds on the central theme of our heroine transforming from “cutie” to “punky” within a dream world. You can now switch between both forms at will – any time, anywhere, and each form has its own abilities. But that’s only half of the story… whenever you transform, you’re actually warping the entire dream world! Cute Giana likes it spooky, thank you very much, and can lightly twirl over obstacles and enemies as long as the dream is sufficiently morbid. Flip to her candyland nightmare, and angry Punk Giana takes over, smashing anything fluffy that dares bar her way. The dream and nightmare worlds look, sound and behave differently, and morph between each other in real time, enabling all kinds of tricky maneuvers and bonus puzzly bits for secret areas. Chris Hülsbeck’s classic soundtrack seamlessly transitions to Machinae Supremacy’s Giana homage and back again as you switch between dream and nightmare. Check them out in the gameplay video! You can flip back and forth at will – there is no cooldown or cost. You can dash or twirl even if you are in the wrong dream. If you do, the move will transform Giana and the world automatically. Some elements radically change through twisting, allowing you to exploit them with clever timing. Project Giana is nearing completion – we’ve got a running engine, smooth controls, twisty objects and monsters galore, and a bunch of finished levels. We’re currently designing, implementing and dressing more levels, tweaking and polishing completed ones, adding new enemies, objects and bosses, fixing bugs and finalizing the interface. If all goes well, we’ll be releasing the game in October. But if things go really well, the release will take place one month later... with lots of extra content! You won’t have to wait that long to try out the game, though – we’ll also be providing you with a playable level or two in August! These reward previews are close to the final look. Some details may still change along the way. As our pet project, Giana is being developed by a small, dedicated team. Project Giana doesn’t have a publisher, so the rest of the studio is taking on contract work to keep the ball rolling. So, who are we? What does a company named Black Forest Games have to do with The Great Giana Sisters? Well, not too long ago, we were still called Spellbound. Spellbound was founded by a man named Armin Gessert, and that man made the original Giana game. Unfortunately, Spellbound went belly-up a few months ago, but we’re back on our feet with a new name. We're self-run now, with the most senior members of our studio at the helm (and that’s not just the management – we’ve got our top programmers and artists there too!) On a brighter note, the composer of the original Giana music, Chris Hülsbeck, has joined us for Project Giana. With the support of the composer of the Giana Sisters DS music, Fabian Del Priore, he has been co-producing a special two-layered mirroring soundtrack together with the chiptune-centric metal band Machinae Supremacy. You can visit them under www.huelsbeck.com, www.delpriore.de and machinaesupremacy.com. The kick-off concept art for Project Giana was made by Pikomi, who was also part of the Giana DS team. Check out his awesome artwork at www.pikomi.de! Back in the day, we set aside a large chunk of our savings for Project Giana, but that took a hit from the insolvency. We had to re-buy most of our old assets, and we haven’t released a game as Black Forest Games yet that could cover the running costs. The first thing we did was to head over to Kickst– wait. Actually, the first thing we did was to square our chins and approach a publisher, but the conditions weren’t... favorable. We could cut content, but to be honest, the game would be too short. We were about to shelve the game, hoping to complete it after releasing a paid project or two, but then the thought struck us – maybe people would already be interested in playing the game, and willing to pitch in? Project Giana’s budget would normally be too high for crowdfunding (barring the Kickstarter superstars), but we’re nearly done and would only need a fraction of the total to complete the game. Worst case, if our project doesn’t reach the funding goal, you won’t have to pay your pledge and we’ll release Giana some other day, if we find a publisher with good conditions or save up enough money. But… should we hit our goal, we can afford another month of development right now, and complete the basic version of the game. The basic version would give you: A giant kraken boss in addition to the existing two, for a total of three. An additional animated armor/skeletal owl enemy. The armor keeps watch and charges at you, while the skeletal owl keeps its distance and pelts you with bones. Another missing enemy: the googly eye/spiked coffer. Flip the eye over and transform it to create a platform. Transforming back regenerates the eye! This would bring the number of enemies up to nine. An enemy upgrade: owl helmets up the challenge and enable new bouncing tricks. A whirling fan interactable object for extra-high twirls (and a total of a dozen interactable environmental elements). Plus time attack mode and a total of sixteen levels. We’ll be upfront: $150,000 is the minimum amount we’d require to complete a basic version of the game. The full version that we want to make would require a total of $250,000 to complete. That’s a sizable sum, but we think the game has what it takes for a chance of reaching this stretch goal. Here’s what you’d get in the full version: A new boss: the pirate/ninja owlverlord, for a total of four bosses Two of the four new twisty creature pairs below (bringing the count up to eleven): Watch out for rising bees and falling beetles when you twist! Exploit their different movement patterns to access new areas. This fellow lurks on walls. The speedy gecko ups the challenge on wall jumps, while the slow, creeping slime has reach. The snail's slippery trail and the spider's sticky webs… hazards or helpers? The speedy skating penguin is difficult to hit and the slow, armored crab is nigh-indestructible… unless you catch them outside of their element. Plus a geyser for explosive acrobatics, a hardcore game mode and a total of twenty levels. We are very keen on getting the full version of the game done, so if we only reach the basic goal, we’ll poke publishers again to see whether they’re interested in investing after all. Chances are that thanks to the publicity you gave us, we’ll get better conditions this time around (like being able to keep our IP). If we don’t find a publisher to close the gap, you’ll get the basic version as normal. But if we do, we’ll keep working on the game longer, and the full $250,000 version will be yours after all! NEW - OUYA Version! We've received a lot of requests about an OUYA port, and we can deliver! If we hit the stretch goal of $300,000, we will provide an OUYA version of Project Giana, to be released in the first half of 2013. More details as soon as we hear back from the OUYA team! Hey there, Our multiplayer spin-off Giana Sisters: Dream Runners is now available on Steam, PS4 and Xbox One. Read all about it in our blog. Cheers, your BFG Team Hi there! We hope, everyone does fine! Last week, our Publisher Eurovideo sent out a press release with a sample track from Giana Sisters: Dream Runners. The track presented you with a new variation of the well know Giana Sisters main theme. Today we like to give you a new track from Giana Sisters: Dream Runners. As you'd expect, there is a Punk, as well as a Cute version available. It's one of our favorite tracks from the game score. Simply because it's catchy, it's fast and it adds to the fast gameplay on the screen. And we're sharing it first with you! Unfortunately, we cannot embed sound files here. To listen to both tracks, we have to ask you to visit our official blog . What we would like to know from you, is this: Do you like the tracks, too? One more thing, before we let you go. It would mean very much to us if you’d check out the Das Tal kickstarter. Fairytale Distillery is a fellow indie developer from Munich and is working on a really tight budget. They have only seven days left in their campaign and still lack half the amount to reach their goal. Das Tal looks extremely promising and deserves a chance. So if you cannot pledge, please consider sharing their Kickstarter page in your social media channels. Thanks! Dear backers, it's been a while but right in time for x-mas season we are back with some news: Friday 5th of December we will release an update for Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams that will give you a complete new Giana experience. Three levels in local multiplayer mode, Giana Sisters Dream Rush! Challenge your friends or the brutal AI bots to find out who is the most fast and furious. Sounds like ‘Speedrunners’ by Double Dutch Games? Yes, that’s the inspiration and so don’t wonder if you discover Cosmonaut from Speedrunners having his Cameo-appearance. But take a look yourself: DREAM RUSH TRAILER exclusive preview Another news that’s going on for a while: GS:TD will be released on PS4 US/Europe on December 9th/10th followed by XboxOne on December 12th. This will be Director’s Cut HD version including Rise Of The Owlverlord, Helloween- and Xmas-levels, HD graphics, 60 FPS framerate, optimized boss-fights and the possibility to play every world without having finished the ones before. Okay, we know you ;) You want MORE. Here it is: You as a backer who made Giana happen can play the new Dream Rush mode already NOW. Just follow the instructions below. New Dream Rush mode is available on our ‘beta’ branch on Steam. Simply right click on Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams in your Steam library =&gt; Properties =&gt; BETAS (tab) =&gt; CHECK CODE (code: BlackForestGamesFTW) it will sync. 500Mb and that’s it. Launch the game =&gt; pick the Dream Rush mode in the menu =&gt; select Level 1 or Level 3 (but pls. ignore Level 2 for now, it’s work in progress ;-) =&gt; You can play it as a local couch co-op or race against bots. Note, if you get used to Giana’s default controls, you might want to check out Dream Rush controls attached. You will notice that things are slightly different. If you play with the keyboard, make sure you will check the buttons by clicking “SETTINGS” button in the initial Launcher. So much for now. We hope you will enjoy the Dream Rush mode. All the best from Black Forest Games Dear backers, some of you already know a bit of the story how Black Forest Games was founded by former Spellbound people and why we did a Kickstarter for Project Giana. But the whole story never been told so far. David Paris, you all know his voice from the Giana Kickstarter video, wrote a blog, telling about how Spellbound crashed, BFG was founded and Project Giana Kickstarter saved the whole company. CLICK HERE This might give you an idea why we are so deeply grateful that you backed Giana and made it happen. So each one of you is in our hearts as one of the persons who made it possible that BFG lives on. T h a n k y o u The whole Black Forest Games team Hi backers, Kickstarter was founded to bring together independent creative people and idealistic supporters. With that purpose notifying your backers about other interesting projects that can need help became culture on Kickstarter and often is named 'Kicking it forward'. Here is one of these projects: <url>’ve included some new fun for all our Giana players! We’ve been working hard on our new game DieselStormers which is currently on Kickstarter for backing. We are very pleased to release a small DieselStormers-themed teaser level where Giana Sisters run and dash against the gritty backdrop of the DieselStormers world. This new level can be found in the Extras menu of both games: Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams and Rise of the Owlverlord ! What's DieselStormers? DieselStormers is a roaring run 'n' gun for up to 4 friends in co-op multiplayer mode with procedural level generation and a combinatoric weapons system that lets you make your own guns form a huge number of looted parts. The game is set in a medieval metropolis where diesel-powered Knights clashing with the Orcs for control over the city districts. It bellows and clangs with smoke and steel. Lightning arcs across pits of bubbling goop, and jet-assisted assaults tear through the streets for pure awesome carnage! DieselStormers is coming to Steam Early Access this summer. <url>örmers' just went live. LINK Please spread the word, we need your help! Cheers Black Forest Games Dear backers, we just finished a short playable prototype of our next Kickstarter-project we want to share with you. Please find below the downloadlinks and please read the notes below. THIS TEST-AREA IS FAR AWAY FROM THE FINAL GAME OR EVEN THE EARLY ACCESS VERSION we are looking for to get funded with our next Kickstarter. Do you like it? cheers BFG <url>ÖRMERS is a classic run ’n’ gun for 1-4 players packed with diesel-powered Knights, customizable gear, infinite levels and randomized loot! -------------------------------------------------  This prototype shows work in progress and does not always reflect final or even planned features.  While we have implemented keyboard control, for a better gameplay experience we suggest using a game pad (, e.g. Xbox 360 Controller).  Playable up to 4 players in local co-op mode (new players should hit Controller button “A” to join).  Music and audio effects are placeholders.  We have only conducted some basic tests but no full compatibility tests as of now. Please contact us under <email> if you run into any problems.  Make sure you adjust the resolution according to your screen settings (see Dieselstormers_Change_Resolution.jpg in the build folder) Here is a brief overview of the current prototype features and future implementation: ARC CONNECTOR ------------------------------------------------- The Arc Connector is the Glowing Sphere following your character around.  Pressing the left trigger will send the PC flying towards and past the Arc Connector, slamming all enemies on the way.  Enemies between a PC and the Arc Connector get electro-zapped for massive damage. Full game Arc Connector features will include:  Overdrive mode o A huge death beam firing from the Arc Connector  Custom upgrades o Not only Arc Lightning, but also Arc Flame, Arc Goop, Arc Blast and Arc Vortex o Pull that allows you to phase through walls and ceilings or deflect bullets o Pull slams, zaps, burns, goops or levitates enemies it passes through o Stack new properties on top of the group’s weapons: fire, lightning, goop, explosive, gravity, piercing, creeping, erupting, seeking, etc. EQUIPMENT ------------------------------------------------- Picked up in the level in a traditional manner. Only used to showcase some combinations and upgrades (shot types, like goop-shot, cannon-shot, etc.). Full game features:  Weapons o Weapons won’t be picked up like in the demo, but crafted from parts that are randomly obtained as loot drops and mission rewards. o Each part has different properties that can be combined with other parts.  Armor o You’ll be able to outfit your character with different armor parts, just like in an RPG. o Armor isn’t crafted like weapons are, but parts have properties and can be combined, e.g. chest armor that slows enemy projectiles in proximity. o Parameters are where things go crazy – depending on the location of your mission, different dynamic-changing factors can apply when traversing a level, for example a boss in the background raining death from above. ENEMIES ------------------------------------------------- Basic enemies (Ork and Goblins) with some variants. Full game features: ∙ Modular enemies with combinable weapons and special abilities (e.g. heavy shield in front, spawn hazard trail, berserk, etc.) ∙ Large elite enemies with a modular upper/lower body, special abilities and a BFG. ∙ Huge boss enemies with a modular upper/lower body, front and back, special abilities and extra limbs with BFG slots. ENVIRONMENT ------------------------------------------------- No real level design. The demo level is based on a playground area used for prototyping and testing gameplay features and the 3D art dressing pipeline. Full game features:  Modular level assembly according to a layered template system.  Level design of templates, i.e. “micro levels” and governance of assembly rules.  More hazard types that span the “elements” of the game: goop, lightning, explosives and gravitational anomalies.  Interaction between “elements”. E.g. goop can be: o Set ablaze o Conduct electricity o Sucked into a gravitational vortex o Scattered by explosions  Not only pre-spawned hazards, but “element” generation by playable character and NPC attacks.  Heavy interaction with the environment as both a danger and a tool against enemies. MISSIONS ------------------------------------------------- Not covered in the prototype. Full game features planned:  Modular missions assembled from o Primary objective o Optional secondary objective(s) o Optional mission parameter(s)  Primary goals typically involve: o Reaching the end of the level and doing something meaningful there o Defeating a boss o Defending a base  Secondary goals typically involve o Killing or collecting something along the way o Speedrunning o Getting hit as little as possible  Parameters are where things go crazy – depending on the location of your mission, different dynamic-changing factors can apply when traversing a level. Hi backers! Happy Friday! We’ve got some great news for you regarding the much anticipated additional content! An official release date is on its way, but until then we’ve got this little teaser to hold you over, plus some screenshots down below. This additional adventure is free for all you backers who pledged 25$ or more for Giana, but we’ve also included it in a reward pack for Project Ravensdale. Every backer who pledged $15 or more to Project Ravensdale will get the new adventure in Giana Sisters:Twisted Dreams "Rise of the Owlverlord" for free. Plus, you will get EARLY ACCESS to the new adventure, so you can try it out ahead of time! Until next time! The BFG Team Hello everyone! We have some giana updates, and some other updates for you, first we’ll deliver the goods for Giana. 1. Giana WiiU is currently in submission and we expect news very soon! If you don’t remember how the wait for XBLA and PS3 submissions went, we do, and it’s normal. So try and stay calm, the release is on it’s way and when we get news, so will you. 2. Sweet Dreams mode (AKA, casual-yet-still-twisted-mode) is live on Steam, so give er’ an update and get on your way to ass-kicking. Some of you experienced a few bugs after launch but they should be cleared up, and as always if you experience any issues don’t hesitate to contact us at <email>. 3. The DLC is also still on its way, we are still aiming for an end of august release and will make lots of noise at you when we have an official release date. We’ve pinged you about Ravensdale a couple times in the past and we’d like to make sure that you are up to date on what’s going on at the company. Currently, Ravensdale is following a similar trend that Giana did with that Kickstarter, which means it’s slowing down considerably as we reach the mid-way point, and need as much help as possible attracting attention . Though our current backers and community are extremely loyal, it’s important to remember that if the goal isn’t reached, the game won’t be made . Here are a few important updates on the project that may be of interest to you that you can spread around as much as you like. 1. Ravensdale will be ported to Linux. Our linux and mac communities are potentially the most passionate out of the whole group, and we’ve heard you every step of the way, since the beginning of our last Kickstarter campaign. In this Kickstarter update about Ravensdale we cover why we are porting Ravensdale to Linux, and what it means for a Giana port to both Linux and Mac. In the past we haven’t been able to give you much detailed information about when these communities will see ports made for them, but now we can. 2. Mass Effect’s Commander Shepard, Mark Meer, will be voicing “The Captain”, in Ravensdale. His concept art is being worked on currently so that you will be able to see what he looks like, but so far the wonderful Mark Meer is on board to voice not only the commanding officer in Ravensdale but many of the antagonist orcs and goblins as well. There will also be a female voice added to the mix to voice the knights, orcs and goblins of the two X chromosome variety as well down the road. To check out our full interview with Mark and his involvement with Ravensdale, click here. 3. New pledge levels have been added including In Extremo backstage passes Check out our reward chart or head over to the page for more details, and head here for details about the band, but the tiers have become more detailed and will continue to be altered throughout the campaign. Thanks for listening backers, we wish you lots of fun with the latest Giana update and hope you can be as calm as possible waiting for the WiiU release. Project Ravensdale needs as much, if not more help than Giana did a year ago , and we’re reaching out as much as possible in our own communities in order to attract more eyes to the project. The Giana community never seizes to amaze us in its support, keep up the great work! Take care and sweet dreams, BFG Hi backers! At 1 am this morning Project Ravensdale was finally the approval from kickstarter so feel free to take a look and support us! You can get access to our exclusive developer blog if you back us, otherwise you can follow us at projectravensdale.com . Thanks for all your support! Sincerely, The Black Forest Games Team We officially announce the RELEASE of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams on PlayStation3! It's available NOW in the US PSN store and later TODAY in the European PSN store. Next stop is Nintendo WiiU and of course the DLC hopefully this summer, stay tuned for updates! PS Vita? We have no plans for PS Vita yet, we of course would love to have Giana available on every device, but we have to go one step at a time, and next comes WiiU! Hello again! It's been a long time since we've posted an update, because we did not want to update you with anything but valuable information regarding the people still waiting for their replacements. Well guess what? You don't have to wait much longer because the majority have been sent, and we will complete shipping on Wednesday! If your package has been sent, you should have received an e-mail but if not, never fear! You will get one by Wednesday :) Make sure you check your junk mail! We sincerely apologize for the wait, it was as frustrating for us as it has been for you, I can assure you. It was not an option for us to go into our next Kickstarter campaign without taking care of the remaining issues with replacements, and we wish it had gone a lot faster, but a lot of unforeseen circumstances landed on us in the process. We've learned from this experience and hope to do a better job next time around, thanks so much for sticking with us! We really appreciate your patience, and we hope you enjoy your goodies. The details of shipping duration expectations are listed in the e-mail you will receive, but as always, please don't hesitate to send us an e-mail or drop in the Shipping Discussion thread in our forums. We will be celebrating the shipment among many other things during our live show tonight, and as always we hope to see you in the chat! You can visit us at 7pm CET tonight at www.twitch.tv/blackforestgames . Dear backers, get ready for a novel. Shipping update: As some of you already know since you’ve gotten e-mails about your replacements, we are finally starting to send out replacement packages, yay! Now you may ask, "Well geez guys, why is it taking so long?" The reason why is because our budget was incredibly tight after Christmas, and didn’t loosen at all until about February, and since we ran out of the majority of the materials we sent out for the Kickstarter rewards, we had to order more. We couldn’t order more until we had our budget confirmed, and even though we had ordered some replacements, we still had to wait until the majority of them arrived before we could start sending them out. For example, only about 15 of your requested just a replacement pin, mouse pad, or art book, and we had those on hand so we could send them as soon as we were given the go-ahead by our budget-master. But those of you who requested a replacement art book, and a DVD, unfortunately have to wait until the extra DVDs come in before we can send your package. In addition to more goodies being ordered, we are also ordering more shipping materials. This includes more protection for the replacement posters , because there wouldn’t really be a point in sending out a second poster on its own in a box that will probably get flattened in transit. The good news? The materials and placements are ordered, so now we just have to wait for them to arrive, and we can send out the packages. As soon as any materials come in, we look at the replacement list and see who’s replacement requests match all the materials we have at the time, and if they match, we’ll send them right away. We are getting just as tired of waiting as you guys are, (seriously, trust me on that) so if we’ve got all the stuff to send your package, we will, right away, and you will get an e-mail from <email> immediately once your package is sent out so you can know when it is on its way. As always if there are any issues, always e-mail <email> and if for whatever reason you don’t get a reply, it’s because something went wrong, and alternatively you can just send a PM in the forums to BFGEm . Try and keep all concerns and questions out of the Reward Pics thread, and just send them directly to Emily, because that thread is just meant to be a place to post pictures, and you’ll get a faster response if you PM directly. We really appreciate your patience and we so sincerely apologize for the century-long wait you have had to endure, but we hope you understand and we will, as always, keep you updated. Porting and retail release news: After making it to XBLA we took a few moments to celebrate with our company BBQ and live show, but we quickly got back on track and are now fully submerged in the PS3 port. We are still in the submission process with Sony but our release date is aimed for April, once that is finished, we will dive head-first into the Wii U port. If you want more information about the porting process, we made a mini-documentary with some of the team to explain what it's like. Check it out here . The XBLA release has given us a pretty steady wave of new fans, especially in our online communities. Thanks to you guys we are even #2 in the top 10 German XBLA marketplace. Our retail PC version releases today, and is available for order on Amazon, and should be on the shelves any time now in Germany, Switzerland, Russia, France and US. There may be more countries in the future, but that of course is decided by our publisher. Live Show: We were so lucky and excited to have such a great live show, with Machinae Supremacy, The Gentleman Gamer, and 4 times as many viewers, including some members of the press here and there that got to take part in our goofy stream. We had a few raffle winners, lots of new footage and sneak peaks to show, including the new track for the DLC from MaSu. If you'd like to watch the show, go here . The next show will be April 4th, where we will announce the winners of our Fan Art Contest. Missing details on the contest? Click here! Company Stuff: In Germany, Easter weekend means this Friday and Monday will be holidays, same goes for most of the EU but not for the US, who only gets Good Friday in most states. Just a heads up, our office will be closed from 7pm CET tonight to Tuesday morning, when normal office hours will occur. This means that you will get an out of office message when messaging the backer e-mail, but if there is some kind of backer emergency, you can always PM BFGEm on the forums to get an answer, because she has no life and always has time to solve backer problems.(She’s me.) We hope you all have a great Easter Weekend, and that you’ll at least get a few moments of sunshine. Eat lots of chocolate, find lots of eggs, spend time with your families, and we’ll see you all on Tuesday. Cheers, Your BFG Team. Let's Celebrate! We got through Microsoft's submission process and Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams has a final release date! You'll be able to buy it world-wide NEXT WEDNESDAY, March 20th, 2013 on XBOX LIVE ARCADE. The DVD-Edition will follow a week later and PSN in April. So tell us: how cool is that? Just to clarify, the xbox version will not have a boxed version, and will be on XBLA for 1200 MSP. However the PC boxed version is available on Amazon, and can be pre-ordered! Don't forget to celebrate with us the day after release, March 21st at 7pm CET on the BFG Live-Show. Tell us what you think so far of the game on x-box, hang out with the team, win some cool prizes, and join in an interview with the masters behind our metal soundtrack, Machinae Supremacy! More details at www.gianasisterstwisteddreams.com (just scroll past our release date announcement ;)) We know how excited that title makes you! Now times that by ten for how we feel! Before we get down to the details, first we need to update you backers on your replacement shipments! This week we are finally starting to put together your replacement packages and send them out! We are still waiting on some materials to arrive (for anyone who got a note from Emily and Sarah) but we are no longer held back completely, and can get a move on with your replacements. For those of you who's packages were sent back, you are included in this! We are repackaging some of them that were damaged on their way back to us, then we will send them out. Every person who's item gets shipped will receive a confirmation e-mail from <email>, and as always, if you have any issues or questions please e-mail us there. Now for the celebrations! We are celebrating Giana's First ever release on XBLA with two exciting events! On March 21st, 2013 at 7pm CET we will be hosting a very special Live Show in celebration of our first console release! It will be a show packed with fun extras including: Official BFG Merch Raffle: Just join us in the Live Show chat and you are automatically entered! Live Play-Through Sneak Peek at our upcoming DLC PLUS Live Skype Interview with Machinae Supremacy! Please send in your questions for us and for MaSu on FB, Twitter, Google+ or on the forums in our Bi-Weekly Live Show Planning Thread Fan Art Contest We are looking for your BEST Giana Sisters fan art! Send us your most prized creative spin on Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams in a still image for a chance to WIN: Top 10 Submissions: Official BFG T-Shirt Top 3 Submissions: Official BFG T-shirt and Messenger Bag WINNER: BFG T-shirt, Messenger bag, Promotion of your artwork website on our social media outlets AND 1 of 2 printed Canvases of your artwork, signed by the team, the other will hang in our office. TO ENTER Step 1. Simply visit our facebook page by searching Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams or through the direct link at www.facebook.com/ProjectGiana , then select our competition app on the top of the page (next to likes). Step 2. YOUR VOTE determines the top ten! So even if you don't want to submit, head over to the voting gallery and pick your favorites! Step 3. Tune in to our Bi-Weekly Live Show # 10 on April 4th, at 7pm when we will announce the winner! Contest Rules: 1. Submission DEADLINE: April 2nd, 2013 at 2pm CET 2. 1 submission per person 3. All artwork must be 100% original 4. Artwork must not contain nudity/offensive language Help us decide by VOTING for your favorites in the voting gallery! The voting gallery tab will be in the competition app. Voting opens March 31st and ends April 4th at 12pm CET. Click here for more details! The PS3 version is still underway, while we don't have an official release scheduled yet it shouldn't be too much longer after the XBLA release! See you on the 21st! Hey all! Before we get to the contest, just a quick reminder that if you haven't received your reward packages please e-mail us at <email> so we can get you on the replacements list, so you will have a brand-new, completely-suffocated-in-bubble-wrap-package. Again, we are still waiting to be able to send out the packages do to severe budget restrictions and waiting on our replacement materials, but it shouldn't be too much longer now, and of course, as always you will be updated on the progress of your shipment, including a confirmation e-mail when your package has gone out. If you are having trouble getting ahold of us, we apologize, we would never ignore any of our backers and if for some reason you aren't getting a response to an e-mail, there is probably a technical reason, and we encourage you to post on our forums/facebook/twitter to make contact. Some fun stuff! We are always looking for ways to improve the quality of our live show. We love hanging out and talking to you guys live, and the last few discussions have gone really well, so we love to put as much effort as we can into the show despite the restrictions we have. Now that we have a license for the streaming application we are able to improve audio and video quality, and we'll be continuing all this week fiddling with the settings to try and improve it for the best possible viewing experience. One of the ways we want to improve the show is by adding an intro sequence! Since we love all the user created content that we get sent to us by you guys, we've decided to reach out to you to create our new live-show intro! Here is how it goes: We provide you with the animated logo privately via e-mail, then you use it to create an intro sequence with the following requirements: 1. It must be maximum 15 seconds long 2. Try really hard not to make it a supremely Giana-focused 3. No copyrighted music or images (other than our own, that is, which you can get from MaSu's soundcloud) Let us know on our Live Show Planning Thread if you are interested, or if you don't want to be in on our forums then just let us know here in the comments, on facebook, or twitter. When we show the next intro sequence all depends on how many responses we get, we'd love to show it next show, but if we get a lot of responses we may just use the upcoming show as a 'voting' show, where we can show all the contenders and you guys can help us pick. Let's see how it goes, and stay tuned for updates! Have fun with it :) Hey Backers! Just a quick, tiny little update this week :) Steam Update For those of you on Steam there has been a small update made, adding Russian to our languages and setting up the framework for a future alternative costume DLC. As we were testing and testing it suddenly became available to you guys, but this isn’t our latest patch, so don’t worry ;) A big patch is on its way! Live Show We are back again on February 14th for our Live Show. Send us your questions and suggestions for discussion topics any way you can and tune in at 6:30pm CET at twitch.tv/blackforestgames . We’ll be testing out better streaming qualities and hopefully providing a much better viewing experience from then on. Have a great weekend! Sincerely, BFG Hey Backers! A few updates and special announcements were made last night on our Live Show, if you’d rather listen/watch our news section than read it here, feel free to do so: <url>’t arrive for another few weeks, so please bear with us while in the meantime we organize all of your information in a way that you will get your goodies, and they will be safe and arrive to you all in one piece. New Platforms for Giana Not only are we happy to announce that GS:TD is now available on Amazon and Origin, but also that we are working hard on getting the sisters on the Playstation Network. Alongside our XBLA release which is confirmed, we are in the middle of our submission to Sony and hope to have a solid release date within the coming weeks, so you can all mark your calendars and count down the days. ;) You can all expect Giana to be available on XBLA, PSN, as well as a physical PC release by this Summer. The DemoNews GOTY Award Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams has won best puzzle and jump n’ run from the Demo News GOTY award 2012! We are super excited about it! SteelSeries Raffle The SteelSeries raffle is still going strong on facebook! Head over to Facebook.com/SteelSeries to enter! Just click on the raffle image, like the page, enter your email address, and you’re golden. That’s all for now folks, of course as always, and questions, comments or issues, let us know at <email> Hi Backers! It's been pretty busy in the office this week, (but then again, when are we not running around on fire over here?) with lots of things that are top-secret, but a couple things are happening that involve all of you 100%, which we can update you on. Replacements of Lost/Damaged/Mistaken Rewards and missing DVDs Most of you have recieved your rewards and are doing an excellent job letting us know when you get them and what the condition of the contents are. It doesn't matter how damaged the item is, if you want a replacement, we will give it to you, and the same goes for those of you with the wrong type reward, poster, wrong shirt size/color, doesn't matter. You most definitely are not bothering us by letting us know you'd like a replacement. All of these replacements including the DVD's that still need to be sent to those of you who received a little note from Sarah and Emily, will be sent at the same, when all of our replacement materials arrive. It could take up to 2 weeks for our orders to come in, and once we do we will package everything up ASAP and get them out to you guys. We will let you all know they have been sent right away. If your package has not yet arrived Never fear, what we've learned with this mass-shipment is that the post can be very unpredictable. A few things could have happened to your package: 1. It was sent back to us after failed delivery or error with the address 2. It is still on it's way 3. it was lost in the mail It is most likely still on it's wait to you, but if it happens to be one of the other options, don't worry, it just means that we will consider it lost, and send you a new package. If your package has not arrived after 4 weeks from it's shipping date if you are inside Europe, or 8 weeks if you are outside Europe, please let us know and we'll send you a replacement. :) If you are confused or curious about anything else regarding shipments, you can refer to our Master FAQ , which also includes the shipping dates for each tier. Otherwise, just shoot us an email at <email>. The BFG Live Show That's right folks, we're back, with a new plan and a brand new location to host our streams. We will be moving from livestream to twitch.tv, and uploading all of our videos to our Youtube Channel. We have uploaded all our shows from last year onto a playlist on youtube, and will be continuing the trend in 2013. For more info, check out our Live Show Announcement Video! Hey there backers! We hope you had an awesome holiday season, with lots of friends, family, and food to keep you happy and busy for the last few weeks! Digital Art Book We are officially back in business, and to kick off our new year we're happy to let those of you know who were waiting for the digital artbook to arrive know, that is now available. Please go here: <url>’d really appreciate it if you dropped us a pic here: <url>– the french power house ISP who offers it on their games channel. <url>– the Germany based download shop offers a wide variety of Ggmes from gamers to gamers. Also they offer Giana DRM-free on <url>’t played Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams yet. Help us spread the word that our great game is part of the Steam and GOG.com Holiday Sales with 40% off! GOG: <url>’s been a crazy whirlwind for us, and we couldn't have succeeded without you. From a half-finished game to a successful Kickstarter and a German Developer Award, we really can’t express how happy we are to have such an amazing community behind us. Everyone here at BFG wishes you a happy holiday season, please be safe, have fun, and we’ll see you next year! Hello again all! We are now in the process of organizing and packaging the rewards while we await the delivery of one more shipment. This includes the daunting task of organizing and printing all of your shipping addresses and making sure every package has the appropriate contents, so we've built sort of a BFG assembly-line if you will, to finish the job ;) If you've received an e-mail from us requesting your shipping info, please get back to us ASAP because shipments are going out next week! Christmas Demo Once all of our lovely backers got their copy of the Christmas demo, we then spread it across our various social networks, and we want you to do the same. This level is our gift, to you, so please share it with friends, family, and whoever else you think might enjoy The Sisters. Additionally, we are including a link to the custom soundtrack to the Christmas level, also for you to share. Happy Holidays! Demo <url>… We're happy to announce our new partnership with German publisher bitComposer ( <url>"Best Action Game 2012", "Best Graphics 2012", "Best Sound 2012", "Best Game Design 2012" and "Best Youth Game 2012". On top of that , Black Forest Games has been nominated as "Best Developer 2012". Considering that we founded our studio in Summer 2012, this is a pretty big honor for us. Whether we win or not, we are proud to have been nominated. The award ceremony will take place on December, 12th 2012. Live Show Once again we’re back with our weekly live show where Schmitty answers questions from you, and we update you with the latest news about BFG, as well as interview another BFG member. If you have any questions for us, ask them in the Chat, send us a message on FB, twitter, on the forums, or directly at <email>. The show is hosted online, thursday December 13th, at 7pm CET. Our latest reward shipment We received new physical rewards this week! We are only waiting on a couple more that will arrive be early next week, then they’re off to you! Hey there, we promised to keep you updated whenever parts of your physical rewards arrive at the BFG headquarter. And here we go! Some of you are waiting for new gamepads. Have a first glance at them :) Beside the gamepad pictures we have a small video for you that gives you a little hint on what we also did in the last few weeks, we are almost finished with it. Enjoy! We'll keep you updated as soon as more stuff arrives! Your BFG team Hi Backers! All of you will be seeing an error with the link, we see it too! We are fixing it right now, we apologize for the inconvenience, there was just a small error made when we sent it out. We are aware of your issues and are fixing it ASAP, you will receive a new message shortly! :) Kind Regards, The BFG Team Dear backers, We like to inform you that we just uploaded Patch 1.0.2 with the following changes: Gameplay The dash has been reworked to be safer to use. It now gets extended if you are still hurtling towards an enemy at high speed. More checkpoints and level tweaks, mostly in world 3. Getting hit while shielded and twirling now allows you to do a new dash or twirl, just as if you had defeated an enemy. Lowered the number of stars required to unlock a boss level from an average of 3 stars per level to 2.5 stars per level. Each world now has stars of a different color to communicate that stars don’t carry over from world to world. Bug Fixes Jumping on enemies’ heads no longer has a slim chance of killing you unfairly and now is 100% safe. The dash behaviour now is consistent across all framerates. Bumpers trigger more reliably now. Giana can no longer be pushed sideways into a moving box. Fixed an issue where the gum bubble could automatically burst after a few seconds. Rabbit projectiles now properly hit Giana if both are standing at the same height. Giana no longer falls through trampolines if she is twirling. Level 3-10 now has and counts the proper amount of master gems. Giana now loses her shield on respawn if she gets crushed by a gate. Fixed a graphical glitch with the Piercing Eye enemy. Fixed minor interface/display issues. Fixed minor SFX issues. Your Steam version has already been patched automatically. We also sent out a notice which includes Download-Links for the backer versions of the game. Kind regards, Your BFG Team Dear backers, working with you has been a great story of success so far. We got kickstarted ! We got greenlit ! We got great reviews all over the world, and a metascore of 81 ! And all this thanks to your support! Now we are working hard to spread the word about Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams , and you can still support us! Did you know that you can recommend games to your friends on Steam? So - if you like Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams and have the feeling that your friends should know about it - do us a favour and recommend it to your Steam friends. This would be a great support for us! Or come to our Facebook page and like us :) Thank you very much for your support BFG Dear backers, for those of you who pledged $25 and up, you have received a message via Kickstarter containing a link to retrieve your new, remastered soundtrack . The first one has been put together in a mad rush, but now, we had the time to updated the following: 1. A play order 2. Fade-outs and tags 3. A higher bitrate for the MP3 version 4. Improvements to the FLAC version 5. Separate download links for the FLAC, and MP3 version We hope your ears enjoy it :) Rewards Shipping Date All of you are wondering, when will I get my rewards? We apologize sincerely for not being able to give you a clear answer, it’s important to us to keep everyone as up to date as possible, but in the last few weeks, we haven’t been entirely clear on the subject in-house either. We overestimated how smoothly the ordering and shipping process will go, and our Kickstarter estimate is inaccurate, since, it’s now November and obviously no one has received any packages from us. But don’t worry, we are now able to clearly state that your physical rewards will be delivered to you in time for Christmas . We decided that we wanted to wait until all of our orders come in, before we ship anything, so that all of the rewards are shipped out together, and so that instead of receiving one goodie every few weeks, you all receive one big package with all of your goodies inside. We will keep you all updated as our orders come in, and provide photos whenever an order comes in to the company. It will be like Christmas for us at least once a week. We will also provide the backers and the rest of the community with photos and updates of us putting the packages together, because we want you to be fully aware of how the shipping process is going. We are sorry for the lack of clarity, but we hope that this information finds you well, and that you are all now 100 times more excited for Christmas! Weekly Live Show If you want to get further information, don't forget our weekly live show , toworrow ( 11/08/2012 ), 1 pm (ETA) / 7 pm (CET) . You shouldn't miss this one as Schmitty will show you how to beat the kraken! Sincerely, BFG Dear backers, it's Halloween , today, and we have something special for you: Our designers reworked the Enchanted Mountain Path level of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams matching to the occasion. Experience new challenges and a ghost invasion in an exclusive night setting surrounded by spooky pumpkins. Along with the Halloween special comes Patch 1.0.1 with the following changes Gameplay More code optimizations for smoother frame rates. Removed and/or altered final boss attacks that could trap you or catch you by surprise. Shield gem now spawns after phase 2 instead of after phase 1. More checkpoints! Miscellaneous level tweaks. Trampolines now have more lenient timing. Audio Updated music and sound effects. Bug Fixes Alt-tabbing should no longer cause any issues. Dashing into an enemy and rebounding into another should no longer get you killed except in some rare cases. Missing screen resolutions for certain refresh rates have been fixed. Game no longer crashes if you have no sound card or deactivate it. The idle animation can now also be canceled with a crouch as intended. Jumping on owls in Score Attack now gives you points as it should. Dashing at turtles should now be easier. Bricks now always shatter if you dash through them. Some erroneous EN text in non-EN languages has been fixed. Miscellaneous small fixes to the launcher. We'll send out mails to you, this evening (CET), with the download link. For those of you who can't wait and use the Steam version of the game: It's already available there. GOG.com and GamersGate will follow this evening, too. If you don't get your mail, please check your spam folder and mail to <email> if you don't find it there. Many people asked us: Why can't I use the alternate costumes in the Steam version of the game? And we want to answer this question to everybody. When we introduced the alternate costumes as a reward, we thought we would only have a DRM-free version for our backers. The Steam key came later and has been just a cherry on top of the cake. If we would include the costumes into the main steam version, it would contain a key-inside-the-key activation, that might look unfair for the regular steam users. They’ve bought the game, but there is something yet to be unlocked and no way to obtain the key anymore. There seems to be no easy way to store two different copies of the game on Steam: one for the backers, one for regular Steam users. So we can't go this road. Another option would be to release a DLC with the costumes and give free keys to our backers, but then the costumes won't be exclusive anymore ... The only option we see at the moment is keeping the alternate costumes on the DRM-free version of the game. Enjoy our Halloween special and Halloween itself! Your BFG Team At 7pm CET, 10am PST, and 1pm EDT , we are hosting our weekly live show! Don't miss it! We are going to answer questions to our most common issues concerning the game, your download link, Kickstarter issues and general support questions, along with any more you have to throw at us. Pop in the chat and ask away, Schmitty, Emily, and Vladimir will be hosting. See you then :) Livestream link <url>’ll start a live show in which the team of Black Forest Games celebrates the release of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams (around 7 pm EDT / 1 am MEST). Come and join us here ! Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams After Launch Live Show On Friday, the 26th October 2012, as usual at 1 pm EDT / 7 pm MEST we go live with our last Giana Sisters: Twised Dreams Weekly Live Show . New Screenshots As every week, we go on publishing a screenshot every day. You can find all our Daily Screenshots here . Monster Compendium Update And – last, but not least – our Monster Compendium will be updated. Have you already discovered it? It’s here . Have a nice week, enjoy our shows and of course: the complete game we are able to deliver soon due to your support. Thank you very much BFG Team Hello backers and fans! Yes, yes, yes we were very busy during the last days and we guess you know why: Release Date The release of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is drawing closer and closer and we are pretty excited about that: October 23rd, 2012 is the day of the re-birth of the Giana Sisters. You made this happen, dear backers, so it is your baby, too. Celebrate this with us! We also sent out many, many review versions for the press, blogs, gaming sites and so on, so expect to see some interesting articles during the next days and weeks. Pre-Order! You don’t have to worry about ordering the game, you all already did so by backing this wonderful project. But if you have friends and family who are eager to snag a copy of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams please direct them to the following sites: GOG ( <url>“Thank you”, because here’s another success we’re pretty proud of. Steam greenlighted us and that means Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams will be available on this important portal, amazing! We don’t know exactly when Steam will provide the download, but it is going to happen soon. Weekly Live Show Don’t miss our last show before we release the game next week. Your last chance to send in questions (<email>) to be answered during the show. Schmitty, Vladimir, Sarah and a special guest will be on the show. Don’t miss it! October 19th, 7pm CEST. Here's the link: <url>… Enjoy the daily screenshot in our forum: <url>’s it for this update. We can only express again how thankful we are for your strong support and overall encouragement. This Kickstarter campaign was one of the best experiences in all our gaming life. See us tonight on the Show and have a great weekend, Your BFG-Team Hello backers, fans and friends! Any new week should start with new information, right? OK, let’s see what we have in our quiver: The Weekly Live Show The first show happened last Friday and we are pretty content with our debut. Yes, we encountered some technical difficulties in the beginning, but we are eager to learn and do better next time. Speaking of the show … don’t forget to send us questions and comments or whatever you have in mind for the next show. You can be pretty sure that you can see a reaction from our side to your message. Send everything to: <email>. The next Weekly Live Show will be broadcasted on Friday, 5th of October, at 7pm CEST. Don’t miss it! The Making Of We are currently working on the “Making Of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams”. And since you, dear backers, made this game happen we would like to make you a special offer. Send us a video or photo of yourself and answer the question: “Why did you decide to back the game?” Just a short comment from your side, like 10 seconds, and the chances are good that you will be in the Making Of. How’s that? Great, isn’t it? Just send your file to <email> and the video/photo will be stored. Send your mail until 11th of October 2012. Don’t forget to add your name and where you are from, because this will be a subtitle in every photo/video that will make it into the final Making Of. We are looking forward to the stuff you’ll send us! The Monster Compendium During her dream Giana has to face several nasty monsters and nightmarish foes. We present all the bad guys in our online Monster Compendium . Included are also a few hints how the monsters can be defeated. That is some really useful information and we also show the pictures of these guys. Make sure to check it out and we plan to add new stuff every week. Do you want to leave a comment about a monster? Feel free to do so in our forum. Screenshot Of The Day We still follow Giana on her way through her dream. Every day we show a new picture and you can see a little bit of the world where Giana has to survive. Don’t worry we are not going to spoil the fun for you. Just get a little glimpse of the rich looks of the game. Today you can see the new artwork and a screenshot here . Teaser Trailer We don’t believe that there is anyone out there who missed the latest Trailer of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams, but we would like to be sure. Just surf over here and have a look. Thank you all for the great comments on that trailer. We are happy you like it. OK, that was it for today, we have a busy and excited week ahead of us. We will let you know how it was on the Weekly Live Show. Oh, and don’t forget, the 3rd of October is a public holiday here in Germany. So, do not wonder if it is a little bit quieter from our side on Wednesday. Your BFG-Team We have a teaser with new content for you! You may want to turn up the sound... <url>“central station” where all the fans and backers can meet and exchange opinions and comments. Every workday we will release a new artwork or screenshot . You can find the first ones here and here . On Friday, 28.09.2012 at 7pm , we will have our first “ Weekly Live Show ”. Yes, right out of the office of Black Forest Games. We will bring you the latest news about Project Giana . Our Devs will tell you what is happening at BFG, we will show you some of our progress, answer your questions, read your comments – you can see your money at work. Some of you may find the time for the show a little bit inconvenient. Don’t worry! The show will be available as a stream and download for the whole next week. So you can sit back, relax and watch the show whenever you feel like it. You may ask now how you could get your questions answered if you can’t see the show live!? Hey, that’s easy. Send your questions or comments to <email> and there’s a chance that we will read the question and answer it. We cannot answer every mail in the show, but there’s a chance that it is yours! Don’t forget to put your name in the mail if you want us to thank you by name. So – just flood us with questions, comments, jokes and whatever else you might come up with. We are happy about every feedback. It is an exciting experiment for us as it is for you! Please click here to get to our weekly live show. Enjoy the screenshots and our show! And we are signing out for the night. At the end of this post is a little something from all of us... We can't tell you how much your support, your enthusiasm and your encouragement mean to us and how much we appreciate that you stuck with us through this crazy month. More importantly, that you helped us reach our goal! From everyone here at Black Forest Games, thank you so much and we will be back! THANK YOU! Because there are still questions, and there is still some time left, here is a short FAQ video explaining a few of the most commonly asked questions (also answering them :) ). Find the video here . We also provide this little link to what we hope will be a nice little gathering of us and our community. The stream isn't live yet, but it will be in roughly one hour. Livestream, here . Hope to see you there! ...is? Well, we've promised you you'd have input over the final name of the game. So we have gathered our ideas, with your input in mind and came up with the following three candidates. Now it's up to you to decide! 1) Twisted Dreams 2) Giana's Twisted Dream 3) Project Giana You will be able to vote for these on our forums, here . We will leave the votes open till the end of our Livestreaming event tonight and announce the final name of the game then! As a note, Giana Sisters is the brand name, and that will stick with the title, regardless of which one is chosen. After all, this IS a Giana Sisters game. ;) Another update for today! Whooohoooo! Project Giana is now on Steam’s Greenlight process. This means you, our community, can head on over there and show your love for the game. Remember, once our game makes it onto Steam, backers will be eligible for a Steam key for the game. So no worries, if you already backed us here, you won’t have to spend extra money to get the game into your Steam library. This does not mean you are exchanging your DRM-free copy for a Steam key. You will still get your DRM-free copy from us (or partner distributors). Steam is also not the only platform the game will be available on. Other DRM-free digital distributors will carry the game once it is released. Head on over here . Spread Giana’s love! Well, as Adrian already pointed out in the comments (Spotlight stealer! ;) ), we are happy to announce the following: Of course there will be future content for Giana once it is released. We want to bring you all the things we have planned and more! And as an exclusive thank-you to the backers who supported us with so much enthusiasm, we are promising all backers who have pledged at 25$ and above ALL future PC content for Giana at NO additional cost! This is not an additional Tier, or an additional pledge or anything of the likes. Anyone who pledges at 25$ and above by the end of the campaign (or has already pledged at 25$ or higher) will receive this special gift. In addition, the first PC content pack for Giana will be free of charge for everyone! And we have more news incoming! So stay tuned and thank you again for all the love and support! Edit: To clarify again. Even if your reward tier says it is exclusive (90$, 40$ etc), this still applies. Anyone who has pledged more than 25$ is getting this perk. Just so there is no confusion with the exclusive tiers. :) THANKS to every single one of you! It's been a crazy ride these last 4 weeks! We tried to answer all questions, tried to be there for you all and through your help and your enthusiasm we managed to make this work! We grew a great community and we want to continue doing that as we go from here! So, yes, we reached the goal, but no, it's not over! So what’s next? We are splitting our stretched goal as we’ve been asked for by you, our great backers: If we go $50,000 beyond our initial goal and hit $200,000 we will add a hardcore mode to the basic version of the game and increase the level count from the basic sixteen levels to the full twenty ! This leaves the pirate/ninja owlverlord , two new enemies (from a potential pool of four) and the geysir for our original stretch goal of $250,000. We are also announcing that from now on out, you can use PayPal for pledges! For more information about this, head on over here . Again, THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Edit: Ahem, due to some overjoyed people, we overlooked a slight mistake in the picture. It will be updated ASAP! Sorry about that. ^_^ Welcome to our third and final dev diary! As a crowning conclusion, we’ll be following the creation of the owl enemy art asset, from design to placement in the game. <url>’re also unlocking our last dev diary about level design for non-backers. It can be found here . ADDENDUM: We’ve been getting a lot of suggestions to contact specific sites and/or bloggers – rest assured, we’ve been doing exactly that for the past few weeks. Some of your suggestions were people who had slipped past our radar, and we’ve followed up on all the sites and contacts you’ve mentioned; thanks again for the great input! With the release of the preview levels, our press coverage has picked up considerably, which should give us a nice boost for the final stretch! We’re heading into the final week of our Kickstarter campaign, and are close to hitting our goal! Thank you so much for your support – not only the financial backing our backers have provided, but for your precious, precious feedback, tips and word-spreading! The Past Your response to our two preview levels has been overwhelmingly positive. Seeing our work get that much appreciation gave us a huge morale boost; we know we’re on the right track now! We’re grateful for the patience and understanding you’ve shown about the bugs still present in this early version, some of which were even still unknown to our testing team. Who knows – some of those might have snuck into the release version if it weren’t for you! Special thanks to all who submitted their playthrough data for the preview levels! That data will help us a lot with improving the quality of the levels, even beyond the two you’ve played. The Present For this week, we’ll be introducing a new reward tier. Backers who pledge $35 or more will receive a nifty little program that allows you to import any picture from your PC to your copy of the game. The images of your choice will replace the paintings in the background of all indoor castle levels. Like with the $15 tier, this digital reward will be added to the reward pile even for exclusive tiers that don’t mention previous reward tiers (we can’t update the text – sorry). We also learned that many backers would like to obtain an additional copy of the game for their friends and family. In response to that, we’d like to offer you the option to upgrade your pledge tier. These upgrades won't be listed in the pledge reward tiers, but we'll add them to our FAQ. If you add $10 on top of your pledge, we’ll provide you with an additional gift version of the digital download with a special splash screen announcing your generosity. If you add $20 on top of your pledge, we’ll add a DVD of the game to your rewards (in a properly illustrated case, of course), with free shipping worldwide. (This only applies to non-digital tiers, i.e. ones that involve shipping.) If you already have pledged that much higher than your selected reward tier, we'll of course provide you with an extra copy of the game as well. The Future We’ll be releasing our third and final dev diary soon. As this is our last week, it will be available to the public from the get-go. This update will focus on our art team and demonstrate the steps required to create an enemy and put it into the game. Unlike the the previous dev diaries, this update will be a video. We have added a patch for Windows XP users to our download list . If you couldn't play the preview levels before because of this issue, go grab it now! UPDATE: This patch also fixes several other compatibility issues, so if the game crashes on you, you may want to try it out even if you aren't running XP! Grab them on our Project Giana site ! What? You’re still here? Why? Oh, right – here are a few tips : The first of the two levels is from the early game and will ease you into the controls. The second one is from the late middle game and should provide a decent challenge. If you’re a fan of Chris or MaSu, but not both, you can adjust the soundtrack in the options menu. Use a gamepad if you can. The game will play a lot more fluidly. This: We’re using an Xbox controller as a reference here, but any XInput-compatible controller will work. You’re still reading this? OK, here are some disclaimers : THE GAME DOESN'T RUN ON WIN XP YET! We're very sorry - you'll need Vista or Win7 to run the demo... The preview levels are pre-beta and haven’t been tested for compatibility yet. You might experience technical difficulties. If you do, please leave a post in the bug report section of our forums . DX9 support is still shaky. If you can, we recommend running the game on DX10 or DX11. Performance hasn’t been fully optimized yet. You may experience some slowdown on some machines. The music is still a work in progress. Especially the transitions will have been improved significantly in the final version. And known issues : Installation &amp; Launcher Issues: It can happen that the installer takes quite a while to finish the installation. Normally this happens during the DirectX Installation. We didn’t experience a case where it totally crashed – it just took quite a while (e.g., on a pretty old machine under Vista it took almost 30 mins). If you use the “Send” Button after finishing the game to help us with your playthrough data, and then close the launcher, it might take a few seconds before you can start the launcher again (that’s the time in which the launcher is actually still running and sending us the data). If it still doesn’t work after several seconds, it might be that you'll have to end the process manually with your task manager. DirectX 9 Issues: If you are using DirectX9, you'll have to make sure that the game settings for your screen resolution and ratio match the actual resolution of your monitor. Otherwise you'll get an error message for your configuration on startup. If you are using a second screen, the game may launch on that. It occasionally happens that some graphics card under DirectX9 have problems with our graphics. If you get weird white flickering – that’s not a graphic feature. Sadly, it’s a bug. Haunted Swamp Issues: It's possible to cause moving platforms at the end of the level to be out of sync. This shouldn't affect your playthrough. There is one point in the level where you can jump into a tree and get stuck. However, you can simply jump out of it again (just jump, don’t dash). Tomorrow’s a big day – we’ll have two Giana levels ready for you to play! To tide you over till then, we’re introducing new rewards today, with special attention to the lower middle tiers. The best part is that all of those rewards are inclusive. This means that you get all rewards from lower non-exclusive tiers as normal, and if you already have backed at a higher tier, you’ll get the new reward(s) on top for free! First is a digital reward. Pledge $15 or more and you’ll get three backer-exclusive alternate costumes for your copy of the game: Backer Giana in Kickstarter/BFGames colors, Angel/Devil Giana and Retro/Metal Giana to complement the soundtrack! The next new reward is a mousepad with the Pikomi artwork on it (Yes, that artwork!) on top of the previous tier rewards. As a physical reward, it slots in at $60, providing a non-exclusive alternative to the Jewel Edition tier. We’re also bringing you new T-shirts! Pledge $80 or more, and you’ll receive a simple and elegant version of our backer shirts in one of the three gem colors! (Your choice.) Like the others, this reward comes on top of rewards from previous tiers, and is included in later tiers. The final non-exclusive reward is a set of Giana figurines featuring Cute Giana, Punk Giana and a defeated owl. It’s approximately ten centimeters tall (roughly four inches), crafted from resin. These figurines are situated in a higher middle tier and are yours at a pledge level of $300 or more. Physical Reward Previews Note: The depictions are as close to final as can be, but some variations will be unavoidable. Here is a close-up of the basic backer shirts, the soundtrack CDs (around a dozen tracks in total), the backer pin and the new mousepad (mouse not included). This close-up features the poster (not signed yet), the hardcover art book, the digipack containing the game DVD and soundtrack, the front and back faces of the USB drive (memorama card) and the front and back faces of the higher-tier backer T-shirt! Here we have the Pillowls, the Pikomi canvas, the concept art canvas print and the Giana figurine. The Pillowls depicted here are based on our prototype and will be tweaked by a tailor. The figurines may take three to six months longer to ship than the other rewards. In case of a delay, they will be shipped separately. As they haven’t been crafted yet, the model in the preview is a reference. The actual figurine will be slightly simpler and won’t have individual strands of hair sticking out, for example. Today was a big day at Black Forest Games – we had some of our backers coming over for a visit! Apart from getting a complete tour of the studio and talking to the entire team, they got to experience the level featured in our gameplay video first-hand, and as a bonus, the work-in-progress version of a public demo level as well. We don’t want you to miss out, so we’ll release some footage of the event soon. For today, we’ve made a video for you where we hunt down each and every team member for some screen time! <url>’ll see will be very close to the final look, barring some minor changes. Among the new rewards will be a mousepad with the Pikomi canvas illustration on it, simpler T-shirts on a more affordable tier, Giana figurines and more! The poll results are in! Poster design #1 comes out ahead with 54% of the voices . This is the poster you will be seeing in your mail as a backer reward: For the canvas design, #3 proved to be the most popular with 56% of the voices . This will be the motif for the canvas reward: Thanks for voting! On a related note, we have received a lot of questions about Pikomi’s Giana artwork featured in the reward mockup. While those large canvases are expensive and reserved for the $5000 tier, the picture itself might be available at a lower tier for mousepads! We’re still pursuing the issue, and will keep you informed. Welcome to our first poll! This week, we’re presenting you with three candidates each for the poster and canvas print rewards. To vote, please follow this link to our forums (we apologize for the inconvenience of registering; this keeps the votes more honest). The polls will be closed and the results announced on Friday, August 17 around 17:30 CEST. Here is a preview of the three poster candidates: Here for the canvas prints: On an unrelated note, we’ll be releasing our next dev diary, which covers level design, on Wednesday, August 15. This update will be backer-exclusive. In parallel, the previous dev diary will be made available to the general public. The public demo levels we promised you for this month will be available on the 24th in two weeks! The package consists of two levels – one from the beginning of the game that introduces dashing, twirling and twisting the dream, and an advanced level from the final third of the game to provide you with new features and a meatier challenge. Please note that these levels are from a pre-beta build and haven’t been tested on a large scale yet. Some of you may experience technical difficulties. PS: Keyboard controls are supported, but we recommend playing with a gamepad. :) As announced in the last update, here are the new reward tiers. We’ve decided to introduce a lower-tier physical edition in addition to the physical collector’s edition we originally envisioned, bringing the number of new tiers up to four. DIGITAL PACK – The new $40 tier offers a package consisting of a DRM-free copy of the game, a digital version of the soundtrack, a digital version of the artbook and the early level sneak peek. This new tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. JEWEL EDITION – The new $60 tier gives you a jewel case containing the game, the soundtrack and the art book on DVD, plus a backer pin in addition to the contents of the DIGITAL PACK (with free shipping worldwide as normal). Like the digital pack, this tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. GAMER PACK – The new $90 tier comes with a special, limited reward: The awesome guys at Logitech provided us with twenty wireless F710 gamepads ! One of these gamepads is yours for the taking, in addition to all the rewards listed in the JEWEL EDITION. Like the previous new tiers, this new tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. COLLECTOR’S EDITION – This new $150 tier offers a backer-exclusive DVD Digipack of Project Giana in addition to all the rewards from previous tiers as normal. We are also adding two new physical rewards: a custom Giana USB drive containing all the digital rewards from previous tiers and bonus goodies, plus a Making of Project Giana DVD (with free shipping worldwide as normal.) Unlike the other new tiers, this tier is part of the normal reward tier structure and will be included in all higher tiers! EDIT:We have added a $99 tier to "patch in" a physical version of the game to the $100 tier (the $99 tier reward is included in the $100 tier). Greetings! The second week of our Kickstarter campaign has begun, and we bring you the following news: Blogger Day at Black Forest Games Much of the coverage we received has been by very enthusiastic and awesome fans, who have made it a point to report on our progress from day one. To provide a more insightful look on how our game is made, we would like to invite a number of our fans to our studio in Offenburg! Both bloggers and backers will get a chance to see our sleep-deprived dev team up-close and personal, have a go at the game itself and chat with the whole team over a delicious BBQ! If you are a backer and feel like paying us a visit, head on over to our forums at: www.project-giana.com/forum and register. Within the next few days, we will open a thread where you can apply for one of the open spots. Since we can’t have you all attending at the same time, we hope you understand that we are limiting this event and picking people on a first-come-first-served basis. There will be an additional open house at a later point for backers, so if you don’t make it this time, don’t fret! We have you covered! We are all looking forward to meeting you! Music Say hello to Fabian Del Priore! Fabian has composed the music for Giana Sisters DS and has closely worked together with Chris Hülsbeck on Project Giana. He’s currently polishing the soundtrack and working on the transitions. Machinae Supremacy is currently recording new tracks to mirror Chris Hülsbeck’s material, and is also working on the mix for existing tracks. New Reward Tiers: We are going to introduce three new reward tiers: An all digital tier, a special donation by Logitech and a physical copy of the game. More details tomorrow! Until now you have only seen bits and pieces from Project Giana. Sure, we posted some of the artworks, a video that allowed a sneak peek into the game and lots of screenshots. But it didn’t show you the game in action. That’s why we played through the first finished level and filmed it so you can check out the gameplay, the music and the transformations for yourselves. Have fun – and tell us what you think about it. <url>’ Technical Art Director Eric, who will tell you about the creation of the art of Project Giana. First of all: our heartfelt thanks to everybody for your support and enthusiastic comments – we’re more pumped than ever, and Giana’s progressing in leaps and bounds! We’ve received a lot of requests about an OUYA port. We’re very interested in that console, and our programmers pored over the data to see whether a port fits our know-how and tech. As you can guess, the answer is a resounding “YES!” We’ve contacted the OUYA team, and will keep you updated on further developments. What does this mean for Project Giana? According to our estimates, a port would cost us roughly over $50,000, so we’re introducing a new stretch goal of $300,000. If that goal is met, an OUYA version will be released in the first half of 2013! If possible, this version will be available to our backers for free, just like the PC version; we still need to check the details with the OUYA team. We’re going to try our darndest to provide you with free copies for other ports as well, but this is largely dependent on the distributor. We currently can only guarantee the PC version, but will keep you informed on the progress of our negotiations. EDIT - To clear up some confusion: We're not adding $150,000 to the goal for the port. We already have a stretch goal of $250,000 for the full version of the game, and would require $50,000 on top of that for an OUYA port. Here are our current goals: A total backing of $150,000: The minimum we need for the basic version of the game. A total backing of $250,000: The stretch goal for the full game as we envision it to be (please scroll down the main project page for details). A total backing of $300,000: The stretch goal for an OUYA port of the full version of the game. Hi Jan, the music is a mix of the mist energetic GSTD and ROTO tracks. If Dream Rush will get some fans we may consider more of this with new tracks. Yes, the PS4 and XboxOne versions will include the 'Sweet Dreams' mode. Even better, we added a feature that enable you to select any world you want without the need to have finished the ones before. And yes, Giana Sisters 2 will be on PC. And we have another news for you: Next week's Friday we will release an update for GS:TD on Steam. This will give you a local multiplayer mode. You can't wait another ten days? So watch out for our Backer exclusive update this Friday :) Hey backers, there will soon be an anouncement regarding 'Rise of the Owlerlord' so stay tuned. We are still working on the easy mode patch for the DRM-free version and when we have any news about it we will inform you asap. Sorry it is taking us so long. Best regards, BFG Freddy Hello Shaun, that gate is rusted shut and won't open no matter what you do. To access this stash, you'll need a different angle of approach. Keep your eyes peeled for suspicious gem patterns nearby. :) Thank you Crazywater, glad to hear that you enjoyed our Giana Kickstarter presentation. I didn't realize that we had backers in the audience - for some reason, that makes me really happy. :) @ Nian: Stay tuned for news about a project codenamed "Ravensdale" this summer! We've ordered everything, just waiting on the manufacturer to deliver, as soon as enough items come in that match your package, we'll send it. You'll get an email from <email> when it's been shipped. The latest patch was the Xmas patch, since the XBLA and PC DVD release we've been working on the DLC update :) Most likely! But WiiU is entirely figured out yet since it's still a few months away, the closer we get the more info we will have for you guys. PS3 port is kind of taking over our lives right now. ;) @ Peter: No, It will definitely come out on WiiU, we are just doing the Ps3 port first, and we have to do them once at a time :) At least we can say that we received some boxes from big N. I don't know what was in but our programmers could not wait to get their hands on them :) Adrian Pete, did you send us an e-mail? We'll replace your poster :) Hi all, check this out, a 24 hours (!) Kickstarter-Project clearly to recommend: <url>ümmern. Wäre schon fett, Giana Sisters auf der Nintendo Konsole. Hi - I'm going to answer the German questions in English and German as the info probably is interesting to several people. EN 1. The questionnaire/survey is handled by Kickstarter (we just write the contents), so we don't know whether a confirmation mail is sent. In any case, we'll contact all backers whose reward info hasn't arrived yet. 2. We're making good progress with the game and, barring external influences, are likely going to release Giana towards the end of October as planned. :) DE 1. Die Umfrage wird von Kickstarter verwaltet (wir schreiben nur die Fragen), also wissen wir nicht, ob eine Bestätigung verschickt wird. Auf jeden Fall werden wir alle Backer, deren Reward-Information wir noch benötigen anschreiben. 2. Die Fertigstellung des Spiels geht flott voran, und wenn uns keine äußeren Einflüsse einen Strich durch die Rechnung machen, werden wir Giana höchstwahrscheinlich wie geplant Ende Oktober herausbrigen. :) Regards, David Hi TCO, just take L and a big box of donuts in case it is a bit too large ;) Adrian PS: Dablue, you've been promoted? Hello everybody, in the next weeks we have a lot of intersting stuff for your entertainment until Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams finally gets released: a lot of information, new artworks and screenshots, etc. You can find all this on our Forum: <url>’t worry, we are not going to spoil all the fun. Have a good weekend, get more news on Monday and don't forget to vote for us on Steam Greenlight, Hans-Jörg @TheChosenOne: You can follow this link to get the T-shirt sizes: <url>#Men. Hace a look at: "Men's sports shirts, T-shirts". Hi everybody! As it seems, we are too late to spread the news about TB's video on our own. What a shame! But now everybody is back working, and next time I'll be faster ;) What happens at Black Forest Games? Well, I saw a lot of energy drinks and an impressive coke bottle wall growing even more impressive. Means: everybody is working hard - most people directly on the game, others on preparing the reward shipping. Did you get your backer questionnaire? If not: please complain! Some people have been confused by the last two questions. David posted a comment about it. Just scroll down a little bit. The Steam Greenlight process is still running. Please, don't forget to vote for Project Giana (<url>örg @Garrood Dynasty: We are referring to this: <url>’s one of the reasons we named it ‘Project Giana’. The other is, that Jean-Marc don’t want to have ‘sisters’ in it, as it is actually only Giana with two sides and no Maria ;) We're discussing to do a stretched goal of 350k for an Amiga-version. Or we wait for an Amiga-KS-project. The T-Shirst size etc. will be requested with a survey after the project. Also shipping adresses etc. What a hell of a month! Probably those three lines with the backers number, the pledged amount and the remaining time are burned into my eyes. Being part of your community is a good feeling! Adrian HaJo Helms about 1 hour ago Backer info Report spam @ Hajo: As Thomas stated, keyboard control is implemented. But we recommend a game pad. It plays a lot better with one. @Dablue: Accordeon, drums and brass. We like it loud, I suppose ;) And believe it or not - turkish Doener seems to be replacing the Bratwurst in snack popularity. @Andreas: Schnitzel und Pommes? Geht immer! :) Cheers, Mischa Hello world, we're close, but we don't have it yet. So we will keep trying to get more backers on board, keep spreading the word! In addition we will prepare an update telling you, what we will do with money we get over the 150k goal. Sorry for delays in answering questions, we are on it all the time. 60 hours to go, we will rock this! Humble thanks Adrian Sorry for the late answers - things are getting quite hectic now. To answer Andre's question, you can upgrade your pledge with $30 to get both a DVD and a digital version, provided that your tier already requires shipping. Kind regards, David S. Hi Andre, do it and please remind us in the after-campaign survey! Sorry for the late reply. Guys, please keep sending your thoughts about the stretched goal. Thanks Adrian What? Do I see a 140? ONEHUNDREDFORTYTHOUSAND? You are all owlsome crazy!!!! Hello Backers, great to hear you being so optimistic. BFG is still in full-throttle-mode, though you see the signs of four weeks Kickstarter in the teams faces and in their weird looking eyes. We want to be safe with this! Regarding Michaels proposal, do you all want something like that? Actually it is not that easy breaking our stretched goal into pieces. @Manuel, currently our focus is on PC, we can't say too much yet about the stuff related to Sony and MS. Though there is a kind of culture here with the Kickstarter community, which includes being fair and being partners. I promise you, we will live that culture. @Dablue: Haven't seen the dog for a while... All, please watch out for the next dev diary very soon. Cheers Adrian Good day everybody, @Karsten Hey, that's a nice walkthrough. I learned something. I guess you played it quite often. Thank you all for pledging, raising pledges and spreading the news about Project Giana. We are working hard on the game and trying to reach people everywhere. And it is great to see that people from literally all over the world take interest in this project. Amazing times. When I think back like 20 years, something like this wouldn't be possible. Have a great day, let's get to work! -Dietrich Hi backers, we feel honored seeing your great support and are excited about the feedback about the game. A big part of the game-feeling is as lots of time raised by several backers the music of Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy. You, them and BFG, we all together are Project Giana! Not to forget the OWL. Looks like there is a chance to make it. We just need to be a bit over our average backer amount for the next day. Some more news will be spread through the press all over the world and your videos will fill the channels of the social-media. Rock'n'Roll! Adrian Hello everybody, here are a few clarifications: The additional copy upgrades work by going either $10 or $20 over your selected pledge tier. $10 nets you an additional digital gift version of the game and can be added to any tier. $20 gets you a DVD of the game on top of your chosen rewards, and can be added to any tier that involves shipping (currently from $50 onwards). The $250 tier T-shirt displays both cute and punk Giana - one on the front, the other on the back. Great, Thanks! Any more ideas out there? We'll grab them all and will try everything :) This is OUR Monday. Keep Rocking Adrian @Karsten: Patrick, our IT-admin told me we can handle this @Andre: We are still discussing who will attend from BFG-side. Unfortunately Florian, programmer and the guy who was already on GC to promote Giana, became ill yesterday. Hi out there, the last days been quite good. Our press-campaign of cause suffered a bit from the news-flood of GamesCom but we are having strong support from several indie-sites and some big tech-sites. We have backers from all over the world, still so far mainly from Europe. But North-America is waking up and the support from US and Canada is getting momentum. Still a bit weak so far are is our French community, probably due to the holiday-season there. Next week we will ride another attack. Taking in account your input, firing with everything we have, we will give everything to make this race. Call me crazy, but that's what you are, too :) A question: What do you think about a live webcam for the last 12 hours of the campaign directly from the BFG-KS-HQ-OMG-WTF? Cheers Adrian Let's say it another way: more than 4000 passionated gamer - that is a mighty power and we as BFG feel honored to be part of that :) 4000 Backers - We are legion! Adrian Andre, I was not aware that this is quite common on KS. So we will take care of the second game option. Thanks for raising the point! Cheers Adrian Hi thousands out there, you gave us your pledges, noe you give us lots of stuff to do - fair deal :) Besides following your ideas, contacting those youtube-gamers, thinking about reward optimization (John H., we heard you) and of cause keep on working on the game David, who leads the campaign,has planned some more actions: Another dev diary provided by the owlsome art team. He will send his dark messengers Mischa and Dietrich to find and catch all the editors around the world not written about Giana yet. There are rumours about a secret plan he has with his sidekicks Elena and Emily. Our friends from Kaasa, who did the Giana Sisters iOs and Android game made a call to their armies. Last not least we promised you to involve all backers in finding the final name for Project Giana! Thanks for your crazy, support, your ideas, videos (so thanks to Andres there now is one in Spanish!) all the efforts you put in the project. We are learning every day (Oswald, we are happy to share those learnings, just contact us). We have a lot to do and we will keep fighting, if we shall not make it, at least we will go down in a blaze of glory! Adrian Hey Dietrich, I know who keeps you awake ;) Backers, it's good to see that you love the demo and take it as it is, some not finished work in progress. We discussed this a lot in the team as the term 'demo' nowadays often is used for already finished products and we felt taking a risk you thinking that would be the final quality and performance. This seems not the case here, probably because you have a more IT-related background. Phhhh, happy us! @ET3D: Fair enough and thanks for still supporting us with your picture. But be aware: They don't have OWLS! Cheers, you rock Adrian Good evening, @Kodjabashev Thanx for the hint. I am on it. @Oswald Weber Yep, we are working on it, the sites will get something. Send in more suggestions, if you like. Over and out, -Dietrich Wow! That's a lot of feedback! Developers love feedback! Due to the volume, I'm going to briefly go through each topic without addressing anyone. WinXP: We're currently working on a patch - the demo will be fixed! Gamepads: The final game will support DirectInput gamepads in addition to XInput ones. The current limitation is only for the demo (work in progress). Alternate Giana costumes: We technically can't add them to the exclusive tiers created earlier, but nothing's stopping us from giving them to you all the same. Each backer who pledged $15 or higher will get the costumes even if the reward text doesn't mention them. T-shirt sizes: We can offer T-shirts in sizes ranging from XS to XXL. Porting: I'm no expert on the matter, but judging from what I've heard from coding and management, porting the game to other systems won't have any notable issues. Original Giana levels: Unfortunately, building a level is a lot more work now than in the old days. It can take several weeks to get a level ready. In view of our current workload, the original Giana levels aren't on our scope right now. The different controls and abilities (plus the twist) would also require a redesign of those levels to make them work, which would be debatable. Alternate control schemes: We actually went through a lot of different control schemes and jumping/twirling/dashing rules, some of those identical to the ones suggested. In the end, we chose the current approach after much testing and debating. That being said, we want you to be able to customize the controls in the final game and will go as far as time allows. 3D vision: While we have implemented this feature in former projects, our current budget doesn't allow for it. Phew - I hope I didn't miss anything. Kind regards, David S. WHOOHOO! 100K! You guys are the best! Pete Dorr, you are awesome! The entire team is watching your vid right now! Hi backers, we are proud having you as fans, supporters and friends. It's amazing how you fight with us to make this happen! In Germany it's half past seven in the morning and the development team worked all the night on the demo. The art team has been polishing the whole day like hell and now the challenge has been to make it run on all target specs. So lot's of tech-polishing and afterwards testing which is still ongoing. Let's ride this perfect wave together. We'll make it. Adrian Thank you for the great suggestion, Andre - I have added a link to the video under "The Team" on the front page! Greets, David Sallmann @ Karsten, sorry, Typo: Update Nr. 9 Hi crowd! You're crazy and we love it! The latest rush just saved me from offering getting a BFG logo tattoed for hitting the 3.000 backers today :) @Karsten: Please check update ), there are several signatures and banners you can use. This is a rollercoaster-ride, get on board, fasten your seatbelt and enjoy! Adrian Hi all, thanks for your support, we love you! I promise you, BFG is not in panic mode yet. Let's say, we are a bit concerned (I have it under control with some tranquilizers) but we still have ammo: - Look out for the team video we will release as an update in about four hours. - We already sent out the demo to some selected games-press and preparing everything for the public release. C'mon, we still have ten days - if we make 25k every day we still have one week to relax. Keep on Rocking! Adrian We're also pushing for more visibility worldwide, but our previous efforts haven't borne fruit yet. Apart from completing a sneak peek level for the press today, we're also exploring more exotic avenues like advertising on reddit: <url>"Project Giana". Everyone is in full-throttle-mode to make the game possible. Good advice from ChosenOne, things are going that way. We are pretty happy for Shadowrun, some of us played the Pen & Paper game for a long time. Or are they still playing? I have to ask. Greetings to Karlchen, yes, the "Schwarzwald" is a great place. Tip to the hat to everyone who helped to advertise the game. We need you. Gracias. Hi backers! Short message from the Games Developers conference. Lots of people we met were impressed by Project Giana and promised to pledge if they not already had. @Ole: You're right but we will keep fighting, promised. Have you seen the poll and the pictures shown there? Cheers Adrian Yes, ChosenOne, it is indeed a good idea and we will look into that. Right now we work in many fields to get more awareness for the project. Updates are planned and will come this week. Promised! Stay tuned ... Hi all you passionate backers out there! For us as the developing team it's really a great feeling getting your feedback and hearing your excitement while we are still in development. Usually as a developer you're finishing your game without having any chance to listen to what the gamers feel about it. Even worse, normally you're already deep into the next project when your game finally is released. So that's a brand new experience for everyone at BFG and we love it! @Ole: The Giana team is working hard on the demo. Still there is always the question when is it good enough to show? For Jean-Marc, who is BFGs creative director, it's never good enough, just as an example. Cheers and a happy weekend with some great twists! Adrian Thanks, OUYA - you rock! Hello backers out there! Do you feel the spirit of relaxed holiday season? We don't ;) So watch out for the weekend, something big is coming within Project Giana! Hi out there! Once today someone in the Project-Giana-SWAT-team came up with a new game idea: Smallish game where you have to organize reward-tiers and updating them without screwing up the whole system. We just kicked it into the bin. Would have been too hardcore for average gamers ;) Again thanks to you all for coming on board. We'll see the 50k fall and we'll see the 150k fall. @Dablue: Ol' friend, the IP is not the issue with the original Giana. But there are other contractual questions to be sorted out. We'll keep you all updated. @Dr.InSide: Pentium sehe ich schwarz, genaue Anforderungen liefern wir baldmöglichst. Hardware-requirements will be provided asap. Everyone who want to see 2000 backers now give me a shout! Adrian @Dablue, here we are :) Monday... so sorry for being late with responding. We're working on all fronts taking in account your great input, e.g. regarding TotalBiscuit and rewards. A link to the Project Giana Facebook site is not possible, this only could be a link to a site of one of our developers. As we don't have Tim Schafer or Brian Fargo here and Jean-Marc is more the shy guy ;) we don't have a link. What should I say more? Update is coming..... Adrian Yes, as TCO says, slowing down but we will do our best to keep it runnung and speeding up again. We are counting on our US fans to at least reach 45k this night. @Vincenz: Playstation Network ist fest geplant. Gerne antworten wir auch in Deutsch. Da wir ein buntes Team sind könnten wir auch in Französisch, Russisch, Spanisch, Weiss-Russisch, Ägyptisch, Neuseeländisch, Afrrikaans und noch ein paar anderen Sprachen antworten. Company language is English with that constellation :) Adrian Good morning North America! It's been a sunny day in South-Germany and I wish you a sunny day whereever you are. Thanks to all you backers and special thanks to all those indie US-game-sites spreading the word. To everyone who watched the walkthrough-video, there is something the team discussed and tested for a while. The automatic change to punky Giana when you do the dash. At the end it was clear, that this resulted in a much better game-flow than a manual change. Be prepared for tomorrows update! Adrian You just crashed the 40k barrier! THIS IS SP...errr GIANA!! By the way, have you 'liked' our Facebook-site Project Giana? Good opportunity to spread the word. Hello crowd, don't you have a weekend? But I will not complaing that you spend it by supporting Giana so great! @Ole: We share your feelings, the excitement about the game, the hopes for getting it funded and the worries about maybe not. Right now Eric, our Technical Art Director is working on the first part of the Dev-Diary. He is one of the best 3D-artist in the industry and I am talking about ART, really. We'll put more ressources on the Kickstarter-campaign to get more media-coverage, especially in US. We also contacted the Ouya guys. But not let us forget the millions of PC-gamers which are our first target audience. My feeling is that those backers we have right now are really passionate ones and believe me, the BFG team also is and we all together will rock this! Adrian Thanks all, you're an amazing crowd! It's Saturday night here in Germany and reading your comments makes my day. Still now e-mails flooding in between the BFG developers where your ideas are discussed. Will some of you will be at the GamesCom in Cologne, Germany, in one and a half week? If you are and you are discovering someone with a BFG logo on his shirt, that's one of us. Just say Hello then and tell, that you are a Giana-Backer. @Reno: Yes, X360 controller will be supported, take a look at the walkthrough-video, Borries is using one there Best Adrian @Reno, yes X360-controller will be supported. Just forget: @ RS and others, this is work in progress and we really appreciate your feedback and input. With that we'll be able to make Giana better and better Just read the comment from Ben, Japan, who hates us no, because the video made him raise his pledge and now he will have nothing to eat this month. Ben, we feel sorry and really appreciate your addiction! @Dablue, yeah, that's the point. @Andre, maybe both? Let us check with Chris and give you the info then. By the way on the site www.project-giana.com we have a forum where everyone of the Giana- and BFG-team is ready to answer questions. Do you wanna know how long they work on one 3D-model. what is grey-boxing, how to become game-developer, what is their favourite Giana, cute or punk, what is their average caffein-abuse during crunchtime, why Vladimir is living in the office and named the voice from above... just go there and ask. Cheers Adrian @Emily: I'll answer the same way you questioned! 1: The inherent nature of OUYA being a console, such as fixed hardware/drivers/OS, the controller and the Nvidia chip makes it a perfect platform for a port from PC. No offence towards Mac & Linux users, we have them amongst us as well ;-) 2: We love Pikomi's art style, the very first artworks for both dream worlds were coming from his digipen. At the same time, 3D world is not simply a 'bumpy' version of 2D sprites, it is following the aesthetic and readability rules defined for the 3D environments. In order to have homogenous 3D worlds we needed a different concept art, one that is required for 3D assets production. 3: The music crossfade effect is not final, we are aware of that jarring you've mentioned and were looking at several alternative ways to solve the issue. We will also give the players an option to disable the music style switch when twisting. @Ines van Eckendonk: And don't forget: Children always tell the truth :) Fabian: That's a good idea :) @Ivan Kodjabashev: I couldn't describe it better than Jens :) Wrong girl, wrong dream, and this feeling: something is wrong. Like metal sounds and flowers ;) @Jens mogensen: That's how we play Project Giana right now, with our Xbox controllers, and I guess it makes sence to keep it like that :) @Duncan Baxter: Thank you for your backup. I hope you don't mind that I placed a comment on <url>"Sweet Dreams" mode from the PC version? Would love to play with my son, but the PS3 version makes him pull his hair out :) This user's account has been deleted. I just read a news message that a "Giana SIsters 2" game will be in development and released somewhere next year but... it will NOT be available for PC? I was hoping the PC would remain the preferred platform, actually.... Could you guys enlighten us on this news? I love this game, and I just recently bought an additional copy for my PS3. Hi fellow backers, if you like adventure games or SciFi backgrounds, please consider helping Stasis to reach its final stretch goal : <url>€ I feel somehow not so good for that lol.. thanks guys.. guess i need to try harder.. i went all the way back to the beginning :/ lol Today the live show at the same time as Konamis... Pre E3 Show... OK. Hope you tell us something about the WIIU Version :). And hope for more information of Ravensdale. If its a platformer with Hack and Slash and or Adventure Elemts or ? I got stuck at a place in Owlbeak Castle trying to get all the crystals. Should this gate open for one of the modes? <url>über habe ich mich sehr gefreut! Vielen, vielen Dank. :D It would be nice, if the backers of SRO have a look at this project: -> <url>"MAKING OF" disc also came out of the disc pack before I opened it, there where some weird mark on the underside of the disc. I'll get back to you if I have any problems with it. Maybe there is possible to check it against some checksum to see if it reads ok? Other then that... AWESOME!!!!! Received my box with goodies aswell. But I also have a gripe. The box it came in was dented already and I quickly took some pictures since I have had problems with the mail/packages before. - The box itself is only packaging but the poster was also dented which is not strange it is just rolled up and thrown on the top in a very big box with tons of spare room. It is only the 3rd poster from Kickstarter I've got which got damaged but who's counting. Other items are good luckily. - <url>"exchange" unclaimed downloads for XBLA codes at all? That would be sweet (I don't have a Windows computer) @Andre, your right ofcourse, how many people would buy it? In centext however, Another World on android has sold over 10,000 copies at US$2.49, So thats not as much as you would want. That is however a paid game. If you use ad banners in the game, well that potentially would make allot more than a mere 10,000 sales would make. Free games with ads get allot of users. Strikefleet Omega, a simple rts like game has had over 1 million downloads, it uses micro transactions to make money, perhaps having the first level for free for Giana and then pay to unlock more levels.!!?!? There has to be a way to make it worth doing. Also Giana if on Iphone or Android would be one of the best looking games yet. I also think that XBLA is not the main Platform for Jump N Run Fans. And Microsoft is also doing nothing to change that. They are more behind Hardcore Shooter, Racer and RPGs and Kids with Kinect. So for me PSN and the WiiU Eshop I think are better for a Jump N Run but maybe Iam wrong and all the XBox360 Player wait for a good Jump N Run. With Android and IOS. Yes a big market but is everybody playing on their smartphones and Pads or are there only few ones? A release after the console ports could be a good think for the android/ouya and ios game fans. But if you release it the same time for 15 or 20 (consoles) and for 5 or 1 (Ios, Ouya, android) its hard to sell the game then for 15 or more on the consoles and PC or MAC. Glückwunsch zu 80 Punkten in der aktuellen GameStar für Giana Sisters. @Andre, Yeah xbla would be nice but the only issue with them is its a US and nobody else attitude. So if you go with Sony or Microsoft, for smaller companies, you have to choose one or the other, forget about iOS and Android. This is what i heard anyway. Not sure how true it is but its been mentioned a few times. Another thing is I would expect that Giana would sell for just under $5 on android/ios, not a huge amount but not bad, if you consider the user base is in the few hundred million. Andre G: I have contacted them. But I have gotten no reply. Which why I've posted here, to see if I'm the only 1 or not. @ Richard D - No I have the mail. Arrived 2 times... Contact them if you have not gotten the email link! @ Nian - I don`t know what Black Forest Games makes now... But Im very happy that Giana would come maybe to xbla, wiiu eshop, psn. Im not the Android or Ios Player but who knows what they make after the very important (for sales) console versions. I also think that it will be hard to sell the console versions if its also sold for 0.99 on Iphone or Android Handys... I also backed the new Warblade. Thanks for the link Nian... any other backer not gotten the email link to the 2nd patch?! @Andre, I am hopeing that it will get on iOS and Android some time in 2013 :) I wonder what engine is been used, if its Unity then that would be easy (can't remember, probably read what engine it was a while back). BTW, As a plug for the old school game fans, Edgar Vigdal, the creator of Delux Galaga and Delux Pacman for the Amiga, and later Warblade, is working on Warblade II, Check out the cloud funding for it at <url>"invalid product code" Great Live Show yesterday. Watched it on the evening.. And great that you talked about the WiiU and Gamepad and .... Also the very hard to complete Level :) on the show... I try then on 29th to be a bit earlier at home to ask a few questions again on the chat :). Game is absolutly amazing and hope it sells well :) Access Denied is what it comes back with (along with the other XML elements.) Same with me Garrood. (Even on the new links that were just sent out updated) Help, I am receiving this message when I hit the download link: "This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The document tree is shown below...." Then there is HTML info that can't be shown here. Please respond!!!! HELP before Christmas :) any ETA on our physical goods, ie art book, soundtrack etc ??? Big Thanks for the now perfect Soundtrack Download!!! Also like the tracks from Chris Hülsbeck and Del Priore :) Awesome work! and really great game... Hope it sells well and really hope you bring it to WIIU cause think this will be again the platform for all Jump n Run Fans like the WII also was... And if you bring it to WiiU you must launch it on the same day as xbla and psn.... PSN I also think thats also a good platform with many Jump N Run Fans... Can I somehow add the copy I received as a backer using the key sent to me to my steam account so that it shows up amog all the other games I purchased? Appreciate any help! Yah! FLAC (and 320 kbps MP3) versions of soundtrack arrived today. Preliminary one word review, based on the first 3 Hülsbeck & Del Priore tracks: Awesome. Nice Total Biscuit WTF is. Very positive.. lets hope we can get the name of the game coming for years to come =) Amazing Update and totally great Halloween Extra Level... So happy. Hope we get also a Christmas Level on 24th december :). Big big thanks. Performance is also better.... Germany's biggest gaming mag gave you 80%! :) <url>"story" mode but it would be nice to see. - And from what I've seen below the minimum time is not shown for time attack? Loving the game though. You've gotten some pretty good and a few decent reviews. “three backer-exclusive alternate costumes for Giana: A Backer Giana in Kickstarter and Black Forest Games colors, an Angel/Devil Giana, and a Retro/Metal Giana” I am really bummed that these special costumes are not available on my steam version of the game. Please find a way to make them accessible for backers that have a steam version. Yeah, very nice game, bosses are sooo tough though - very unforgiving of mistakes. When I completed the final boss I had 111 deaths on that level! @barbarian_bros: IIRC the 3rd wave is 2 sets of tentacles that occur very close together. I think I waited till the first set hit the ground then jumped (maybe hovered) above them while the second set hit the ground. @barbarian_bros: In the third attack, use the twirl to stay above the tentacles that are already down to avoid the new tentacles. Took me about an hour to defeat this beast... And thank you very much for this game, it's totally worth the investment, I'm just a bit sad that we didn't reach more... Totally pleased with my investment in this game. Thanks BFG. I can't defeat Octor Freud... I hit him twice, but can't dodge the third wave tentacles attack : it hit everywhere on floor AND above... LOVE it. It's frustrating on some occasions, but a so great if you overcome another boss or tricky route :) I'm missing the background editor too. Any time estimates? @Christian: You can only do one special move (dash or twirl), then you have to touch the ground to "recharge". However, if you kill a monster in mid-air it also recharges your special. A lot of the green owls/demons in the game are there for this reason. Love the game so far; Great job BFG! just dowloaded the game, but I wait with playing until the controller from my reward tier arrives. played the demo a bit, but a keyboard does not work very well for me. well, I have other games to play so I will wait for my controller to arrive. used to play Giana sisters on the commodore 64. and soon I will be playing this new Giana game - looking foreward to it ! @ TheChosenOne I asume he meant to do a twirl and then a dash during the twirl. Like you would think you need to reach those gems in level 1-2 above the brick fortress thingy. ^^^Yes, that is what i mean! is this possible? I am playing with keyboard and this does not work for me? Im confused,because i saw a youtube video where the player does exactly this. He started a twirl and when Giana is up in the air he does a dash. or multiple twirls. But .. how? The game is very enjoyable. Were the gift copies supposed to have steam keys, or only be digital downloads? @Eric: Ah, it seems like the game detected my 3D-Mouse (Space Navigator) as some kind of camera controlling input. Disabling the joystick all together and switching to keyboard only fixed the problem for me too. The game so far is a blast but as Matt Payte asked I'd also like to know if the Custom Background Editor is included yet I don't see the option anywhere or did it get dropped? Have not play it yet (less time at the moment), but i hear the Soundtrack just in this moment and its awesome! I hope i can play it in the next days. Thanks! It was my joystick settings. I don't have a second right analog stick but camera left was still mapped to it. Removed it and solved problem :-) @Eric, sounds like you've got a similar problem as I do. From what I can tell the camera gets positioned incorrectly. If if press k+l on the keyboard then I get into a view which seems to be how it should be by default. You'll probably have the same effect if you press j or j+k. But still, in the current state it's unplayable for me. :-( I hope there will be an update coming up soon. @Nico Erfurth My character always starts to the far left of my screen, can't ever get her in the center. How can I fix this? Thanks I hope not. Meeting for another one means this game 'fails'. Just got back from 2 1/2 hours Giana-land and all i can say is WOW, you guys did all an awesome job, and Chris and Machinae Supremacy did aswell ! Loving this game, i wish you all at BFG good luck and great success with the sales on Steam and the same with the (possible) versions for XBLA and PSN. You really earned some vacation now, and i hope we'll meet again to another Kickstarter campaign. ;-) ... Just downloaded my copy and spent a bit of time playing it. It looks amazing visually and plays really well - look forward to putting some time into this! Actually there IS a time limit shown when you choose a level in time attack mode. 1minute for level 1-1 if I remember well. You have to beat that limit to not fail. When you finish the level within the time limit, the PAR time is shown, and if you beat the PAR you unlock the Hare Trophy. Hmmm time should be shown at beginning aswell. :( @TheChosenOne : as Time Attack Mode, Score Attack mode also has a preset score to beat, and beat it unlocks the Owl Trophy you can see on this screenshot : <url>"wrong" version of Giana. This is the way to get the crystals at some parts. Also, if you bounce off an enemy by doint dash/twirl you can do a new dash/twirl after the bounce. Hope that helps. Help, i'm hanging in Level 1-6 ;) On a YouTube Video i saw, it seems to be possible to combine twist and dash? How does this work (i'm playing with keyboard) ? Or is it possible to do multiple twists? Does Time Attack have preset goals to beat? Like gold/silver/bronse or such? I hate just doing it to beat highscores and such cause thats trying to beat hackers and people who spend 10 hours on 1 level. - Also can the sound be muted when you alt tab? - And can the windows key work? And provide an option to disable it then possibly. I've installed the game and wanted to give it a first look, but there seems to be some problem. My character is always on the far right of the screen, making it essentially unplayable. Contact me if you need any information in solving that problem. wauw thats an amazing game. With a controller it feels even better. Thanks for this great game @MD1500 If you enter the code in the settings-menu there will appear a new tab where you can choose between the 4 costumes. yay!... its released. Does anyone have reviews? i dont want to play it without my soon to arrive controler, but i do want to see what other people think of it. Loving the game. Is the custom background editor currently available? Never mind. Found it! LOL Great game! Just one question - how do you wear the special costumes? Only got to play a few minutes tonight, but it's a beautiful game with an interesting approach and so far alot of fun! Thank you Black Forest! Wow, Giana is a featured game on Steam, with a nice big banner pic... congratulations BFG! Very Awesome! WOOO! It's finally here! THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH FOR HELPING IT GET HERE! Games is available for purchase : -Steam : 13.49€ instead of 14.99€ ( -10% offer ends on October 31st) -Gamersgate : 11.24€ instead of 14.99€ (launch offer). -GoG : preorder at $11.24, actual purchase is not available yet (should come in the next hours) 24 hrs till release according to steam: <url>€) while preorder on Gamersgate is 11.24€ ($14,65)... Full price will be $15 (11,52€) on GoG and 15€ ($19.53) on Gamersgate... Don't know what would be Steam full Price ($15/15€ depending on your living area?) As a European, If I want to gift the game I'd surely get it on GoG. That game is awesome. Thanks for making the music so epic and close to the original, I really appreciate that. Also the music switching over when you change between the sisters is great and the game changes just are lovely between the two girls. I even bought myself a gamepad just for that one game and it really rocks. You had the feeling that was needed to give the gamers the game that they knew from ages ago to be successful again. You guys rock and made a epic game come back again. Thanks @Spektrum : I've finished the 6 levels since Thursday... but I think I would not get the 5 stars for each level before Tuesday... nor beat every 'par' in time attack mode (only passed 2 of 6 'par' so far) Just finished the 6 level preview and it's such a lovely game. Can't wait to finally play the full version. Will there be a way to purchase the soundtrack at some point? Its really fun to play Giana Sisters 6 Level Demo. And only a few days away for the final Game.... And today evening we can again watch a new video :). Think its the last one or? GoG preorder link : <url>ückwunsch zu Steam Greenlight! Wurde auch langsam Zeit ;) @Black Forest Games Don't you think your Greenlight success calls for a Kickstarter update? I'm sure not all backers are aware of this. Could you give us a release date for the 'early 6 levels peek' ? Congratulations on getting greenlighted. Yes its greenlighted by Valve/Steam and thats a very good thing. So only a few days left till we get the game :). Any news when you are ready to announce the other platforms or are you still in Talks to Ouya, Sony, Nintendo and or Microsoft? Gratulation zum Greenlight-Erfolg! Congratulations on getting onto Steam guys! Congrats to all of us on getting Project Giana onto Steam. I couldn't be happier! (Well, that's not true... but this is pretty awesome too!) Steam happiness! Congrats to Black Forest - and to us backers for getting an awesome game through an awesome service. Link to newsflash: <url>"early preview" would a bit more "early" :( When will we have acces to the early stages? Game is coming... @BFG: lol thnx @BFG: I watched one of the streams back, since 7pm is a very difficult time for me to watch.. but uhm.. suggestion.. could you use a cam that doesnt shake so much? could be the recoding, but it was uncomfortable to watch. Updating my KS file, what is the exact size for the poster? @BFG: just noticed one of the comments ;p.. The guarddog bit is for the Project Eternity kickstarter from Obsidian.. someone made an order type of deal to promote the kickstarter and to put some extra cash in the pocket of Obsidian =) you should check it out when you want to back something (hint hint). Btw i missed the livestream by 4 minutes last week.. so ill make sure to be behind the computer at 7pm ;p Guess you've seen this ? <url>übrigens Nintendo für den WiiU eshop... <url>ür WiiU würde ich es auch auf jeden Fall noch mal kaufen. Great that we can still watch the livestream :) Super neuer Giana Teaser. Freu mich schon total auf das Spiel.... Thanks thats very great that you want to talk to Nintendo cause lot of developers seem very happy with WiiU Shop and hows Nintendo handling it... <url>äre super krass Giana auf der WiiU zu sehen mitten zwischen Rayman, Trine, Mighty Switch Force, Super Mario, Mutant Mudds, Toki Tori und vielen anderen wird es denke ich wieder die Konsole für 2D Jump N Run Fans... This new video is soooo great!! I'm still hoping against hope for a native Mac version. I cannot wait just one day longer to get this game... i want it NOW! :D :D I hope Nintendo does not bust it like the original Giana in the 80's ;) The new Teaser-Video is incredible owlsome! Thanks! What about Steam Greenlight. Is there a possibility to view the progress? @BFG: Sounds owlsome, can't wait to get my hands on the full game. (@dablue) is taking care of the Obsidian Order now, referring to Obsidian Entertainment's Project Eternity kickstarter. :D The OO is just a thing to support the project with additional $8 (on top of your pledge (8 for eternity)) without asking for any reward. In return for that Obsidian decided to give every member a unique forum title. It's just for fun and as said to support the game. A Giana Order would have been fun, haha. But (nearly) only those who also discuss the project in the comment section are joining. So we are close to 150 members which is of course not a lot (45000 backers)... but still, just for fun.. and still it support Project Eternity. :) @Gerald: Normalerweise kommt ein kleines Fenster (kein Popup, eher eine Art Overlay auf der Kickstarter-Startseite), indem du deine Angaben überprüfen kannst inklusive einem Hinweis, dass du sie innerhalb der nächsten 10 Minuten noch einmal korrigieren kannst. @Adrian: I have no idea what you are referring too lol could be so many things... god i am sleepy Bekommt man eigentlich, nachdem man das Backer Questionnaire ausgefüllt und seine Anschrift angegeben hat, vom System noch eine Bestätigung, dass die Angaben erfolgreich übermittelt wurden? Nachdem ich die v.g. Angaben gemacht und diese abgeschickt hatte, wurde mir nur die normale Kickstarter-Projektseite zu Project Giana angezeigt (ohne irgendwelche weiteren Hinweise). Freue mich schon sehr auf das Spiel. Und danke für die tolle Mail wo man noch mal seinen Pledge genau nach Wunsch ausfüllen konnte :). Super Idee und toll gemacht :)... Bleibt es denn bei Oktober oder wird es später mit dem Spiel Release und hoffe Steam Greenlight läuft auch gut. Kann man glaube nirgends schauen wie der Stand dort ist oder? Steam Big Picture für all die neuen Wohnzimmer PCs finde ich auch klasse. Nutze ja auch schon einen... Nintendo scheint ja alles dafür zu tun um kleine Developer auf den WiiU Eshop zu bekommen. <url>"Creator". I guess the answer is "no" then :) I was an early backer, I wish I could have afforded more. However, I'm so glad you made your target. I SO look forward to playing your truly beautiful game. (I have not been able to get the demo running on my oldish lappy even though it's running Win7 x64). I was a backer of OUYA too- I still think you might consider approaching Julie for some kind of arrangement in return for the extra finance to get it there. Perhaps, releasing it on the OUYA before other consoles or android/iOS devices? It's just a suggestion. Please take your time to make it as good as you'd like. I really would not mind waiting a bit longer. Perfection takes time. Salutations. Hi Black Forest, I pledged under the understanding that the game will be DRM Free, is this still the case? Greenlit, or something like this, first day and submitted the survey moments ago. Glad to be a backer. In regards to the survey... Sorry to come across as dumb maybe but what is exactly meant by: "Did you choose to upgrade your pledge with the bonus digital gift version of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams?" ? If I select "Yes" do I get charged more than the $15 I pledged for the $15 tier I selected? Do I miss out on my $15 tier rewards if I fail to pick "yes". I hope I answered the Survey Correctly. This game is going to be so awesome in the full version. In regards to the survey... Sorry to come across as dumb maybe but what is exactly meant by: "Did you choose to upgrade your pledge with the bonus digital gift version of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams?" ? If I select "Yes" do I get charged more than the $15 I pledged for the $15 tier I selected? Do I miss out on my $15 tier rewards if I fail to pick "yes". Just got the survey, good work BFG =)) I finally got a chance to play the demo (not completely yet) as it didn't work on my laptop for some reason. "Remake" doesn't come anywhere close! With all the skills Giana now has in the different modes this game is a blast! I also like the signs in the games teaching you how to use skills, elevators and such. And the music simply kicks $@# ! Keep up the good work guys! Hopefully, there'll be some music tracks for backers as preview download available. ;) can someone please either send me an email in regards to registation on the fourms i have tryed and now im sick of trying. my nick is lemonrev i would like to get this sorted thanks. Nintendo told the World today that they gave Bonus Points on Downloadable Titels that would give WiiUs E-Shop I think an avantage over others :). Also a premium version of the wiiu for download game fans that get 10% on Download Games :) and Bonus Points. Hmm first 10 games got the green light at Steam Greenlight... Well we could do better but according to this <url>#[[[4,1]],{}] we are on place 14 which would be place 4 now with the 10 games gone. I´m sure we´ll make it ;). Keep telling your friends to vote guys! This game deserves to be on Steam! Seems that WiiU eshop developers say that it only take 2 days to get a PC Game running on the WiiU. Thats from the Trine Developers.... <url>"Greenlight" banner at the top - search Greenlight for "Giana" - give it a thumbs up! blame it on the Owl! Bullshit Adrian... just tell us the truth.. Niko was smoking a giant size bong when he feel fell asleep and it burned down his van on the parking lot. Just rechecked, yup got this "We wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to Chris Huelsbeck Productions" on Saturday. So I at least am ok :) @Bfg/Adrian: That goes both way my german friend. This project had me in a flow and I liked hanging out with everyone here.. right now its safe to say there isnt any project out there who had the flow and feeling of doing it together then what you guys build here. @BFG: good morning you lot. Did the celebrations bring you hangovers the size of germany? @Tobias: Sorry. These little glitches, that we've seen in the demo is not far away from final. The game is more final, than other releases from bigger studios. Have you ever played Sonic 2006? <url>über Project Giana: <url>… 40 employees want to be paid every month! Therefore, I still don’t get it why goals of >200K for a whole(!) game are so often called “unrealistic” or even “rip-off”. Probably these people have never worked for their money. Regarding “last stone”: As we could see in the demo, the game is far from finished. But with this little money remaining (after fees and production), they have to be really fast to release the game into the market and produce the necessary income. Please don't forget: the funding on this Kickstarter project isn't the money to make the game. It ist the money to get it ready, as they ran out of money during this project. At the livestream on friday, they told, that right before they ran out of money, the project did already cost $2.000.000. So the funding here is only the last stone to get this game out in the world. @zack_the_backer: Not to forget production costs for physical goods. Yes, it’s true: “Unfortunately most people are not realizing”… Can you tell us when we can get the early sneak peek at the first six levels? @Kabraxis: i paste a short explanation out of a comment from CINEMAWAREs WINGS HD-project here on kickstarter (which seems to fail badly...): "However, unfortunately most people are not realizing what kind of fees actually hit a developer on Kickstarter these days. For starters, 5% of the entire pledge is held by Kickstarter as a fee. Then, another 5% is held by Amazon payments (adding up to 10% just to get the funds to us)" Which means that around $19.000 are staying on this platform / amazon payments. That´s still $165.000 for making the game (which for blackforest will result in around €130.000 (in real life often one Euro equals one Dollar, even if it should be worth a bit more...). That´s not really much in the end. Enough to make the game. But they´ll have to sell some copies to really earn something with it... Will the game run on a Mac via Crossover? C64Fan: zack already said it.. but additionaly they have to pay a lot of money to Kickstarter and Amazon Payments afaik. It's an astounding job you did there, pals. Congratulations. My wife has a twin sister and she loved the game's premises. It's probably going to turn into a family thing for us. Kudos. congratulations! @C64Fan: i´d guess they did the video BEFORE the actual funding was over so it´s online directly after completion. It MIGHT have other reasons, but i can´t think of a single one... Good Morning BFG, yesterday I was busy and only able to write quick posts... now in german and englsch: Englisch: First of all congratulations to your successful KS-Project. It's so awsome that this became true! So wonderful to see successful Gamers (IMHO you are true gamers, not only devs) from our region here an d with this -for me- special company name. Despite of this, I know that this was a lot of hard Work for you... I dare to guess in some way not less than dealing with Publishers. But I hope a lot of more fun ;) It was my first kickstarter Project. But from a gamers side It was a very positive experience. I hope the same counts for you... And a highly appreciate that you all where so much addicted to this. This close communication between the real devs and the user community was a really exciting thing. I really hope this was not just one try. Better it was the beginning of a new way doing Games from people with passion for people with passion. So, in conclusion. I wish you all the best and a lot of success.. I'm looking very excited forward to the next weeks. With kind regards from near Emmendingen ;) In Deutsch (sinngemäß): Als erstes nochmal die herzlichsten Glückwünsche zum erfolgreichen Abschluss des Projekts. Absolut genial dass das geklappt hat! Es ist schön, erfolgreiche, "Schwarzwälder" in der Region zu haben, die das Ganze auch noch im Firmennamen tragen... des isch irgendwie geil! ;) Zumal ihr für mich neben Entwicklern auch irgendwie passionierte Zocker zu sein scheint.. ;) Abgesehen davon, ist mir bewusst, dass das ne Menge harter Arbeit für euch war. Könnte mir gut vorstellen, dass das nicht weniger war als sich mit Publishern auseinander zu setzen. Aber ich hoff mal, dass es wenigstens mehr Spaß gemacht hat ;) Das war mein erstes Kickstarter projekt. Aber ich kann sagen, dass es für mich ne sehr positive Sache war. Ich hoffe sehr, dass das auch für euch der Fall war. Wichtig war für mich auch, eure Passion für die Sache zu spüren. Ihr scheint wirklich mit leib und seele dabei zu sein. Das sind Dinge die mehr zählen als PR-Community-Beauftrager-Gelaber ;) Einfach der direkte Umgang zwischen Devs und Gamern (Kunden)... das war / ist klasse. Ich hoffe das ist nicht das Ende sondern der Anfang für weitere Erfolgreiche Projekte zwischen Gamern und Entwicklern ;) Abschließend, wünsche ich euch weiter richti viel Erfolg und freu mich schon auf die kommenden Wochen. Haut rein und viele Grüße aus der Nähe von Emmendingen Mmm, on the "THANK YOU" youtube videos from BFG Team only for backers, they show signs with $176,016 and a second sign with $175,551. For me shows Kickstarter $186,159, why this money difference? Good morning and congratulations! Good morning guys!.. very happy we made it. I tried to sell my collection indeed.. but my cat **** me for taking away her playthings =).. I really enjoyed the vodcast last night.. all the way untill I woke up around 3am behind my computer... enjoy your weekend BFG! heh, i actually found the version when i was little, where you can choose unlimited lifes/time...ok the time didnt go right but the lives....after these years this is really hard, even with unlimited lifes :D...back in the day when i was 9 i was pro with this game :) @Rapture: And before I forget: There are groups like "Press Play on Tape", "Visa Roster", "Mind.in.a.box", and some other great musicians you might have missed... @Rapture: Do you think that retro fans can live without RKO? Sorry, it's not possible on my side, the German rotational is a bad joke ;) now im gonna play giana sister via emulator with competition pro joystick :) As already mentioned: It would be great to remove (!) the sound for jumping. Or just introduce an on/off option. Thx. @Rapture: Regarding RKO, I only wanted to highlight that there are some people outside who are creating nice remixes just for fun. And actually I don't want to play 20 levels of "Twisted Dreams" without one identical song/medley. Hülsbeck is busy due to new Turrican project, Machinae Supremacy are busy due to new album in October. So it makes sense to introduce some RKO remixers for bonus levels or highscore tables. Just two examples of RKO remixes of Giana Sisters: 28/06/2000 - Without Instant Remedy I'd bet no retro SID scene at all... <url>#3 (Acoustic) - El Otto Grande <url>"Your Payment to Chris Huelsbeck Productions has succeeded". Yeah im so excited!! jes!! i hope my pledge is valid, i really do hope so...well ill see it in a couple of days, maybe mondey :/ Fabian makes the music together with Chris & MS, see Kickstarter text. No RKO plz. ;) Ok, can't resist but this is really my last comment until Sunday ;) How about Machinae Supremacy alternative if there are time constraints? > <url>"in your face" remix ;) > <url>ückwunsch! I´m sure it´ll be a great game. And you did not only fund Project Giana, you also forged a true binding to your supporters. I´m sure that will last for not only this game! Less than 200k in the end. It could have been better - unless donations via paypal still is accepted :) Yesss, 190k altogether! Congratulations guys! :) uped my pledge by 20 in the last minute :P go go At least, last digits should be 65,81 :) 190k?? Congratulations guys! :D @Heppchen: Ohhhhh yes, and please add a remix of the original highscore theme, that was just plain awesome! Heppchen: And Fabian Del Priore :) Offline HighScore table is a must have. Moreover you can add some more music from Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy there :) Come on People! Pledge for 15k so we reach 200k! We want the extended hardcore version, please! Some people should raise their 10$ to 25$! 8 minutes to go! 10 minutes to go. you did well, guys :) Paypal kommt noch drauf.. vor drei Stunden etwa waren es 4.5k.. vielleicht ja inzwischen sogar mehr als $5k :) Das wären dann jetzt 190k so schade... 15k vor stretch... jetzt hilft nurnoch ein wunder... oder werden die paypal-spenden da mit dazu gerechnet???? wie sieht's dann aus??? Under half an hour and still about $10k to go. Next goal is possible, but i'm sceptical >_< So exciting! Come on 185... 186... :) And finally July 31st is beaten :) @Black Forest Games Thanks, for some reason I thought it could actually make sense, but now I understand WHY you needed Chris' involvement for the payment process, too! Best regards Just had to bump it up with 40 bucks. Gonna be fun to play :D Added $10 to get an additional Key @Kabraxis: Thx for confirmation, I've upgraded from 60$ to 85.80$ now :) Just added 20$ for the additional DVD... a little step to the stretch goal What about some music? It´s so quiet in your loft (don´t know how to call it)... Works, laptop mic is fine, headset mic worked, too volume was low laptop is fine now turn up the volume on the mic? you are too quiet Hooray! YAY... stream is back Laecheln ;-) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh working If you pledge $25 + $10 for another digital copy the second one also includes all future content. So I guess, the answer is yes @Heppchen. :) Yes Maria and the original one by one two player Mode!! @BFG: quick question regarding the free DLC from 25$ onwards. Currently I pledged 60$ but would like to upgrade by 20$ to get a second DVD. If I would pledge 5$ more (total 85$), does the second DVD also include free DLC? That would be terrific as a gift :) @Black Forest Games What about Maria? Come on, you know she needs to be in the game. All you have to do is take Giana and give her a differently colored dress. Could you try restarting the livestream one last time? kickstarter + paypal is about 190,000 now, who said it can't be done? :) So what do we do, those who may not watch the livestream? fair enough..... XD Of course they are evil, but I still like them. Yes they are evil - they killed the livestream ;-) See BFG posts further down @Kabraxis: Apperantely when you can watch the stream you are lucky. When you refresh the page, you are out Sorry guys, can't access the livestream anymore. Is it still online? @maddoxman They ar not evil - they are sooo Cute ;) <url>"Black Forest Games" instead. Is this ok or...?! @BFG: I am locked out of the feed. Reboot doesn't help, other browser doesn't help... maybe new IP Address? Thank you for all the great secrets in level 2 of the demo! Hope the other levels will all contain some too! :) Is there a direct URL for the camera feed? Hmm... Well, I can't get the livestream back... :( oh well. 100 minutes to go guys! @Black Forest Games If the game is going to be called Giana SISTERS, will you include Maria, too? @Al3x: Same here... @Andreas Stahl @BFG Yes it is quite a big share. But if BFG makes it possible to preorder the game directly from their own website when this kickstarter is over, they should get more cash while development is going on. Just make sure to leave a message here, telling those late people to preorder at your site, *hint* *hint* ;) Where i find the live stream? Is the livestream working for you? After hitting F5 I can't get in again. Waiting for half an hour now :( Does the $60 JEWEL EDITION tier include the alternate costumes? BFG: how about a non-user friendly editor ?! :) Not the owl again.....it's EVIL I tells ya!!! @BFG: Maybe some time you can do a level editor with macroblocks. Still no livestream... waiting patiently... seeing 110 left... BFG: I upped my pledge since you showed me a pillowl in the stream! Thanks! System Requirements DX9 Minimum: • OS: Windows XP • Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.8 GHz / AMD Athlon II X2 @ 2.8 GHz • Memory: 2 GB RAM • Graphics: SM3.0 DX9.0c level hardware (Nvidia GeForce 6800, ATI X1800 XT or higher) • Keyboard Recommended: • OS: Windows XP • Processor: Intel Quad Core / AMD Phenom X4 • Memory: 3 GB RAM • Graphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 280, ATI Radeon HD 4800 or higher • Input: XInput compatible controller DX10 Minimum: • OS: Windows Vista/7 • Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.8 GHz / AMD Athlon II x2 @ 2.8 GHz • Memory: 2 GB RAM • Graphics: SM4.0 DX10.0 level hardware (Nvidia GeForce 8800, ATI Radeon HD 2600 Pro, or higher) • Input: Keyboard Recommended: • OS: Windows Vista/7 • Processor: Intel Core i5 @ 2.66 GHz / AMD Phenom II X4 @ 3.0 GHz (or any Dual Core CPU) • Memory: 3 GB RAM • Graphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 280, ATI HD 4800 or higher • Input: XInput compatible controller @BFG: Either the 150 ppl limit is in state, or its because I am not logged in? It was there earlier. Now I feel left out :/ Do I have to register for livestream now to watch this? Will restart my browser and see if that helps yea, livestream is down for me now as well. was working earlier. i didn't see anywhere, what are the pc specs needed for the full game @Tiago: actually, they have at least an additional 4.5k via paypal. also I think paypal donations won't stop after kickstarter ends 20k in two hours?? lets do it !! Is the live stream limited somehow? I don't see any live video. in fact the website states: " There is currently no live video" That is most unlikely, MS/Sonygiving out free keys doens't go as easily as with Steam. do we also get the game on psn or xbox live when it comes out? Great chat with Chris Hülsbeck in livestream :) @BFG: Please continue celebrating the successful funding, you've well-derserved it :) @Ole: I am sure they did. yet still that's alot of money. Think about 10% loss on the double fine pledge :) BTW is the live stream gone? Did the address change? Does BFG have a power outage? Saw this game on Steam's Greenlight yesterday + thought it looked neat. Didn't realize the Kickstarter campaign was so near it's end till someone mentioned it in the Broken Sword Kickstarter comments a little while ago, so got here with 2 hours to go :) @Andreas Stahl I assume that BFG calculated with that, before they decided the goals and pledge tiers. Upped my pledge! The teenager within me who once played the original game on the C64 all through the night, thanks me! ;-) Oh, and he's pretty grateful towards Black Forest as well, for producing what looks like one of the most beautiful platformers ever. You guys rock! All keep in mind BFG will never get out the amount you see here. Minus Kickstarter and Amazon Fees as well as credit card fees and minus the credit cards that fail to be charged at midnight, you usually loose 10%. Allready on 160$, but worth it in my oppinion :). Maybe we reach the 200k... OK, Just upped my pledge from $15 to $60 (Mouse Pad Reward). Come On!!! We can do this $200k stretch goal. Probably the most i've paid for a game in a while but it is definitely worth it. :) NOOO!! Why is the final Day a friday?! I really wanted to join and see the final minutes of this epic part of Project giana, but unfortunately I can't :-/ is ist possible to create a summary / best of? Or maybe the whole celebration? I really would appreciate that, because I really want to see and celebrate with you, even if it is just recorded ;-) Live stream is online. <url>"cutie" to "punkie" and how the world changes forms. Do you know already when 25$ backers will get the early sneakpeak of the first 6 levels? Are you accepting pledges via paypal evan after the Kickstarter has ended? This is awesome 5,974 backers. Oh crap I just seen the pledge get even higher. Alright, I'm back.....what'd I miss? Why did you entirely change the style of the characters in the graphic? I'm not saying it's bad (at least anymore; cutie Giana WAS bad earlier today), but I did like the old picture. Don't tell me the old graphic style is being phased out? :( @BFG if we miss the $200k stretch goal by $20 I'll up my pledge to get another DVD in its case. Well... pie...cake... it's really good, that's the important thing about it. Great. Now I'm hungry. Have to buy some tomorrow :p My german is very very bad (never learned it) Schwarzwäldertorte which means 'Black Forest Cake/Pie' i guess Pie is a more accurate translation for 'torte' 20K... just need all the $10 backers to upgrade to free future content and we'd have it! @barbarian: OMG... /drool We call it Schwarzwäldertorte :D Oh yes, I love that cake. <url>êt Noire' (and that also is the name of my favorite cake, which includes chocolate, cherries and kirsch alcohol). But in the choice between 'Black Forest Games' and 'Black Forest Studio' names, the BFG doom echoes possibly help them to choose. pizza.. check... beer.. check.. let the final 5 hours begin ;p mmm 20k left, I sad yesterday already could getting very very close @Niko: Thnx man! Seeing as everyone who pledged $25 or more will get all future DLC for free, does that mean that those people will get the DLC on Steam for free as well, should the game appear there (which we all hope it will)? @Yin: just did lol.. pizza pepperoni to fill up my fat belly. (Alltho pizza isnt good for puppies isnt it) My 1st kickstarter success party somebody order some pizza. Anybody interested in a gamepad? Going up a bit in a few seconds… you’re welcome. I am really wondering how high Paypall is atm.. if its around 5k, then we might have a shot for 200k Thats no autocorrect. :P Just quick typing and no bloody edit function. @Dablue That's creative all on its own. @Werner: hehe.. Support my bastard children.. =) Pledgegoal 5 bucks. @Dablue Well, you could start a a project on Kickstarter for tha... ok, scrap that. @Yin: There are no late comments my friend.. only late ex-girlfriends who I have to pay alamony to. @Dablue That is a pretty good idea for stretch goals to add them as DLC. I may do that for my project. It makes things more realistic based off the time it will take a project to be completed. I'm probably really late for my comment lol. @Dablue I agree about the "a lot more heart" thing. Started using Kickstarter a few days ago (heard of it of course thanks to Tim Schafer's uber success) and pledged 25$ for this, because I thought it looks really nice. What made me raise my pledge to 60 and even 300 now is the community here. I really feel something in this, there is a certain kind of enthusiasm big gaming companys just aren't able to develope anymore. For them it's mostly just a job to get some money. This is really different, it's fun just to be here and follow the process, the rewards are really something to look forward to and the community is much, MUCH better than we see in those whine threads all over the world these days. Aaawwwww.. if my cat isnt killing my collectables.. she is very sweet when she is asleep =) @TheChosenOne "hunderdfiftty" "onehunderdfifty*" "onehundredfifty* !@#$%^&" Welcome to www.damnyouautocorrect.com x) @yin: the twisting principle is very uniqe in my humble oppinion. What makes it even better is that the creators really love their IP and their followers. I have never before seen a dev that said "ok if we dont make all the stretchgoals.. well implement them as DLC after the launch and you all get it for free". Its like youre sitting at an operah winfrey show and she is going like "you get a ca.... DLC.. you get DLC." you get the point ;p Looks like they may get 200,000 would make an even better experience. May this could be one of the greatest platformers of the decade. When have we seen a title like this look this good. @Zack: I agree with you.. also you got a point.. We need sylvester stalone in this game ... and a mini gun! ;P @Keith: "nothing in the series has a number yet, why start now?" As far as i know, not a single first part of anything is called "1". It´s "Super Mario Bros." And the next time you call it "Rambo II". And so on...so: start now so everybody can keep track of which part he´s playing when this series grows. One game all ten years means that we might see another 4-6 Giana-games in our lifespans...(ok, let´s be optimistic: 7-9 games...;-). Ok lets see if Brian helps a bit. :P 174,223 with 5908 backers at 16:22 Dutch time @Espen: lets hope we are going to get an exciting last 5 hours =) @Anton: I peed on my tail when I saw your red eyes... but welcome to the group =) Oh dear, Brian Fargo (of Wasteland 2 fame) just backed Project Giana and tweeted about it two minutes ago. Let's see if that makes a difference in these last few hours. :) Just saw this on Steam Greenlight yesterday, and now I've come here to pledge my support. Game looks awesome and I loved the original back in the day. Nostalgia overload! :D @Yin: keep in mind that people should go for the 25$ tier. That way you get the DLC's that are coming (to finish the final vision of the game, incl all stretchgoals) for free! @TCO: hehe... I think 10 Dollars is a steal for this project. This seems like at least a 40 Dollar game. onehundredfifty* !@#$%^& @Barbarian: They are from the Swarzwald region in Germany (translated into Black Forrest) onehunderdfifty* I've hunderdfiftty (sounds cool that way!) doubled my pledge already. Not doing that again. ;) BFG, will you add links to your "it's over" update to other Kickstarter projects that you think are really, really worth it? (Well, pretty much every single one is... but just some recommendations.) Can we make suggestions? :D You now have a little community here that is big enough to help other projects. Would be a nice idea, I think. Some others already did so. :D @BFG did you intentionally choose this name? Besides of new trailer image on home tab, I'd like to see Punk Giana somewhere. Maybe Punk Giana can be added at 300k diamond. I like punk/metal and not pop music except of original sid music and remixes ;) Thanks a lot Love Black Forest Games, the compagny acronym sounds so 'oldgaming' to my ears... BFG 9000... old DOOM's days @TCO: I really hope we will.. is this a hint you will up your pledge by $25k ? @ALex BArg : $70 should be ok for you to get the Soundtrack CD (and other stuff from the 50$ tier) and the game DVD (additional $20 DVD announced in update 16). Hmmm we may even get both hardcore more and more levels. To quote the famous and somewhat odd singer Will.I.Am. "This is love, this is love... this is love". @Espen: I started kickstarting for some big projects.. but tbh the "smaller" players put alot more heart into their projects and thats what really entices me to pledge more and more. 18 projects here. I just love how up close and personal these kinds of projects are, and as a former owner and lead developer in a small game company myself, I feel a strong bond with the underdogs in the business. :) @Dablue If at least some puppies wold back about 19 projects (as you do) the gaming world could be much better . You seem to be right by the way. My desktop background is hardly suitable as an avatar:) I am really glad this project was able to surpass its goal! This one of the most original games I've seen in years. Hoping my game reach such success. And can't wait to see the final product. @Ada: hehe.. alot of hard red. I would advice (if you would take advice form a puppy) to go with softer colors.. colors that bled in the background. @Dablue I didn't like how it looks here too:) @barbarian_bros: thank you, so I've added 20$ to my 50$ to get the soundtrack and the game on one separate disc! o.k.? AAHHHHH... what just happened... oh pfew its only Ada changing her Avatar @Ada: if you pay me 5 bucks ill ask for you? ;P Oh, and I have the question to the devs - will the levels in the final game be as long as in demo or not? Because the levels from demo are rather short (as for me), so if there will be even 16 of them in the final game - the game gonna be just too short. I think other backers would like to know it too. (I wold ask it in the last 5 hours during the livestream, but I'm just running out of spare time, so I won't be able to). I like Reese Whiterspoon =) /drool And by the way "Project Giana" sounds rather cool too as i think. P.S. Best of luck to the devs! You are doing an amazing job;) @Ada: Id expect a womensmovie starting Reese Whiterspoon with that name tbh =) "Giana: A tale of two dreams" - how about that? @Adrian: Andi is used to clean here in holland!... aside from that.. everyone Andrian mentioned... CONGRATS ALSO! wenn ich mich jetzt ins Auto setze kann ich ab 4 beim Aufbauen der Cam und sonstigem helfen... ;) ;) *GGGGG* :D :D :D PLUS KEEP IN MIND THAT IF YOU PLEDGE FROM $25 AND UP YOULL GET ALL THE FUTURE DLC FOR FREE! (Yes.. i am looking at you 2500-odd people) Grrr.. the pledge amount goes up.. and down... and up... and down.... frustrating.. whoever does that.. cut it out!... ;P @Alex : Choose the 50$ pledge and add 20$ at the amount (so you'll pay 70$) and you'll get the 50$ tiers rewards AND an additional physical DVD (guess it's the one of the 60$ tier named 'Jewel Case'. *50$ tier rewards : - A DRM-free digital copy of the finished game for PC. - Three backer-exclusive alternate costumes for Giana: A Backer Giana in Kickstarter and Black Forest Games colors, an Angel/Devil Giana, and a Retro/Metal Giana to mirror the soundtrack! - A digital download version of the original soundtrack. - Access to an early sneak peek of the game’s first six levels. - An editor that allows you to import any picture from your PC into your copy of the game, replacing the paintings in all indoor castle levels with the images of your choice. - A digital download version of the art book. - A PHYSICAL COPY OF THE ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK. - A Giana backer pin. *The additionnal 20$ (excerpt from Update 16 text) : -If you add $20 on top of your pledge, we’ll add a DVD of the game to your rewards (in a properly illustrated case, of course), with free shipping worldwide. (This only applies to non-digital tiers, i.e. ones that involve shipping.) If you already have pledged that much higher than your selected reward tier, we'll of course provide you with an extra copy of the game as well. You also can pledge the 100$ tier (the 99$tier only exists to add a physical DVD game to the 100$ tier). To get the printed artbook and simple T-Shirt, @shadowTail: A very intriquing Avatar.. what is it from? Oh I like the new art a thousand times better. :) @hiTCH-HiKER: Because you need a US account for Kickstarter. So they use Chris Hülsbeck's company for that. Why does my payment go to "Chris Huelsbeck Productions", is this normal? @Alex: if you want to know for sure, the best option you have is to contact Black Forrest Games via the "contact me" button and ask. Hm... no other option...because I don't need the t-shirt or the mouse pad....? @Dablue: Oh, that's /much/ nicer! Hooray, I have no complaints at all now :) @zack_the_backer: Interestingly, it was labeled Giana Sisters DS. So the arguement could be named - nothing in the series has a number yet, why start now? How high is the paypall account atm btw? .... some sneaky BFG-er changed the picture on the home. The Blonde Giana looks alot better now =) HA!.. I SAW YOU SNEAKY! @Alex - it seems that will be a kind of an investment. Game AND soundtrack on physical device are included at $99. If you are willing to pay that money i´d suggest to add another dollar, at $100 you´ll also get the printed artbook. @Werner Thank you, so I have to pledge 99$ if I wanna have both, soundtrack and game physical, the jewel case version for 60$ has just the Soundtrack on the DVD in Flac format, right? Ah sorry, Soundtrack is digital only in that edition. It's really not that easy to find out xD @Keith, but was it just a DS version or part 2, and yes the full name : The great Giana Sisters 2(or 3)- Twisted Dreams...??? @Alex I guess that would be the Jewel Case Edition for 60$. Have a look at the reward matrix: <url>"Giana Sisters - Twisted Dreams" sounds great... or something in that way is it part 2? Then Giana Sister 2... Hm... I think I'm dumb or Hm... I don't really understand, so could someone help me, what do I have to pledge to get the game physical and the Soundtrack physical. I don't like these download options so I wanna hold a nice CD, or DVD in my hands, with a nice artwork.. and I have another Wine question: does it only run under wine 1.5.11? I've tested older ones,1.1, 1.3.x, 1.4, they don't work, you can install the game under 1.3.x and 1.4, but it doesn't start. Is the 64bit support of 1.5.11 the reason? The Great Giana's Twisted Dreams +10 :) It reminds me of Eurythmics' Sweet Dreams :) <url>"Twisted" comes after "Sisters" so that it's chronologically correct :) @Keith: you´re right. But somehow a release on a Nintendo Handheld is in a way hidden from the public - i was unsure whether to include it or not. You´re right. I hate series which screwed up the namings (remembering Wonderboy? Mega Man? :-D ). So "Giana Sisters 3 - Twisted Dream" it must be. And all possible succesors should be numbered in appropriate order from now on. I also like that "Giana: Twisted Dreams" idea or maybe "Giana Twins: Twisted Dreams". Reminds me somehow of "Nights into Dreams", where you have those 2 chars jumping and dashing around collecting orbs .... so its not that far away from Giana as it is now. zack_the_backer: Technically speaking, it'd be Giana Sisters *3*... there was one on the DS, remember? :) Couldn´t Maria be in the outro of the game? Waking Giana up. Or she could be kept prison behind the last boss ("Obermotz"), freed by her heroic sister. In the original "Legend of Zelda" the name-giving princess did nearly never show up in the whole game... "Giana Sisters 2 - Twisted Dreams" would be nice. Think about "Ruff´n´Tumble" for the Amiga - the name was kept even if "Tumble" was taken out during the designing process. It´s (a kind of) a sequel to a great classic, let´s keep the name. And as i stopped by i´ve upped my pledge from $25 to €25 ;-) @Dablue: It's partly the expression being wrong because the /chin/ is wrong. Just a thought. I also like the old "Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams". Why not bring back Maria as "costumes"? And I think it's be a good idea to keep the "Giana Sisters" trademark. It's a successor after all. Only "Giana: Twisted Dreams" is missing some, well, flow(?) to me, it somehow sounds strange to me. "Giana's Twisted Dream(s)" is slightly better. But still... "Giana Twisters" at least sounds a bit like "Giana Sisters", but the game's not really about twisters... Super Twist Owl The blonde one looks like she's from that Tinkerbell movie. Giana (Sisters): Twisted Dreams +1 As I first saw it on the photos taken in your studio I immediately though "It's perfect". Giana Twisters: -bla bla- ;) *g* Well, the game takes place in Giana's dreams ... if there is anything else to it - no idea Who made the new project Giana picture? (the one on the home tab) I really love the dark giana sister.. but the blonde giana sister looks like she isnt 100% there mentally. Or am I the only one thinking that? Giana Twisters :) Giana Twinsisters! But yea Twisted Dreams sounds cool. If the dream part does have some meaning for the game it is a winner. *peeks in inbetween work* Yeah Twisted dreams I really like. What i dont like however is that Adrian refuses to tell us the name of his daughter =) At least tell us your last name then, so we can utilitze the interwebs and find out for ourselves lol Well as long as we dont call it Super Giana Land ;) But yes Giana: Twisted Dreams seem to be going into the right direction. @Dire Birdbrain 'Giana: Twisted Dreams' This^^ One of the best name suggestions i've seen so far, imo. (Was a joke, that suggestion) "New Great Giana Without Sister" The new picture on here in the home tab is nice. Giana and the Owllicious Jewel Hunt ;) Return of the Giana Sisters, A New Dream: The Plumbers Strike Back... Giana's Odyssey!!! "Giana's Dream" "Giana's Dreamworld" "Giana's Odyssey" "Giana Owlympics" ... or simply "Giana" :) Great Giana Galaxy (upps ) Plumbers not allowed Giana Scnr ;) my 50 Cent to the name-poll: Super Giana Sisters Borderline Dreams Bipolar Dreams Plumbers not "Giana Girl: In Search Of Maria" ??? ;) Or a dog. I'm scared of dogs... Uh oh... I think I might need some extra protection for that figurine. Nothing special... little bit of bullet proof glass, some land mines and a personal armed bodyguard maybe? Great move Werner! Now to find out where you live so I can steal the figurine ;) @Adrian: We all know she's called Giana, no need to hide it ;-) So... to add a little "Thank you" for all the updates, the nice developers, the DLC plan (and because I want that figurine on my desk!) I raised my pledge again. Looking forward to the final game! @Stavros: well she is very oppinionated. When we zap and Glee comes on she literly moves her butt towards the tv screen.. as soon as we zap past it again she turns towards the TV again, makes me and my GF crack up. @Dablue: or she only likes the original trilogy and its her way to demonstrate her annoyance with the prequels and how they ruined great characters oh the humility.. first my cat beheads my bobafet collectable.. now she runs off with his blaster... not a starwars fan i take it haha @Stavros: I see. Punk Giana for the win then! Actually 180-185k should be doable... and who knows we might get lucky like deadstate had. (still waiting for zombie giraffe btw) and we get 15k in funds in the last 3 seconds. @Dire Birdbrain: Things weren't scary, people had just been stuck in Cute Giana mode. Now we remembered the twist button, changed to Punky Giana and are dashing ahead into stretch goal land :) I'm so glad this project has reached the point where we can joke around a little. Things were so scary not too long ago. Also, I think Giana: Twisted Dreams is the best title I've heard so far. I wonder what sort of titles BFG has in mind though. I guess we'll see pretty soon. @Josef: LMAO @Dablue Cute Giana: Let's give the boy a lift. Punk Giana: What? No. We can't stop here. This is owl country. @karlchen You could name it Giana -Twisted! or The adventure of Giana - Twisted edition or... Giana's Adventure - The curse of Flameconk or Giana Twisted - Flameconk's curse - Just some random suggestions ;) or.. Fear and Loathing in Giana ... For those not recognising the reference.. go watch this movie. (<url>"Giana: Twisted dreams" would be just nice. If the PayPal pledges are not skyrocketing I don't see us hitting the 200k mark. :( 14 hours to go, and the current pledge level is decently above what kicktraq says it's likely to finish at... Come on 200k! What about Super Dark Giana Rising: Duty Calls: Modern Dream Warfare HD Platinum Extend (Game of the Year Edition*) *(according to some random guy) Good! It's settled then! (or not . . .) That would be so cool. Pirates on their own have a coolness factor of 10/10.. but inmagine they have a ninja dark side.. that would shoot the coolness factor through the roof... OH oh.. and when you kill pirates they have to scream "Yaaaarrrrrrrr.. or something" So I was wondering and mentioned this to dablue already: there is a pirate ship screenshot. When that scene twists, does the shp turn into a dark, shrouded, ninja dojo? :) Giana - Owlicious Cut maybe the Expansion pack. @Karlchen: Yeah thats a cool name.. with a fat chubby checker boss. Common let's twist again... ;-) ;-) ;-) Dejavue anyone? *G* and through all this sillyness we reached 170k And... thank you backer 5794 for pushing us past $170K but all sillyness aside.. Indeed either Giana or project Giana would suit it best I think. Where is Adrian btw... he is usually around when someone says something silly... And I knew Stavros knew that Josef knew that I would say that...... *insert cool pose here* And I knew you knew he'd say that. But I agree, in the end Project Giana will probably stick with Project Giana :) I knew you would say that... ;) Actually.. Something.. bla bla something has a nice ring to it I kind of like Project Giana, and its kinda known by this name by now. How about a name like "Project Giana - something bla bla something" ( <- no thats not the suggested final name, just the naming concept ;P ) e.g. Project Giana - Bipolar Nightmares "Giana: Please someone grab my pearls" Hm.. quick suggestion: "Giana: A cute punk's tale" Joke: "Schizo-Giana vs. The Jewel-Dilemma" *G* @Dablue: I know :) you got a friend inv from melkathi :) @Stavros: By all means ;p.. Steamname is Dablue99. =) I think I'll send Dablue a steam friend invite. That way we can coordinate Project Giana Greenlight Strategies @Dablue: "Giana: the game that survived Dablue's cat" @Carsten: now you got me worried that Giana will develope a third personality :) Let's stay true to the facts: Schizophrenic Giana jk ;) Someone pledge $127, so we at least are beyond $170k. At a lighter note... LOL my cat just decapitated one of my collectables... should have called her Brucie Lee instead of Tails. @Stavros: "Giana: the title that Stavros came up with at his morning coffee" Come on $10 and $15 backers. Its really worth your while to up your pledge! Or for name we could go with "That unfortunate game who's devs let the fanbase name it" I so have to copyright that name so I can use it if I ever make my own (yeah sure, dream on) Hrm. For the name, we could go with something basic like "Giana: Nightmare(s) in Paradise," referring to the two different dream worlds. Or something that may sound a little less child-friendly with "Giana: Twisted Dreams." But I think it would be a bit better if the name wasn't something that directly refers to the twisting mechanic. Night Night Maddox! Well, this will all be over by the time I get home from work tomorrow. I'm gonna predict a final amount of $177K, give or take a thousand. Good night, and good luck getting to $200K!!!!!!! @spektrum did the game open the main screen (the one with option and play buttons in it)? I see that without patch it opens anyway in wine this point, but only works after play (even at fullscreen) only with patch apply. @Kasper: Steam about that: "How many votes does a game need to get selected? It's going to change during the first few days/weeks since we don't know what kind of traffic to expect." Haven´t seen games with more %, so I guess its good... @Tj Fuller, JR. Its allmost like you said "SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEEEENDDD" on that photo haha Just upped my pledge to $25. Don't wanna miss the DLC. :). Also, i just voted yes to the greenlight of Project Giana on Steam. But how come we're only at 4%? How many yes-votes are actually needed? @BFG Maybe you should point out the (already playable) Demo a bit more on Steam Greenlight. I´ve seen a lot Comments like: "The aesthetic factor of the game is amazing, and I'd just love to see how it plays. :]" @maddoxman The problem was in the beta nVIDIA drivers I had! Just rolled back to the may whql and... the game runs great! o.k. , I'm still testing with Wine, I haven't finished, errors, and now I have no more time, I will trust the people who had success and will rise to 50€, because of the soundtrack! @Dablue - That picture was from 2005 or earlier (whenever Hurricane Ivan hit the southeast United States). I forget why, but I responded "NOO!" when my friend, family, and (IIRC) girlfriend were playing a boardgame while the power was out. Scanned the photo one day, and just kept with it. @Dablue - They don't because they are too busy sifting through the massive s#!tstorm of RPG Maker game and assorted other crap that greenlight has unleashed upon us. @BFG: Frankly.. about the name.. ive given it much thought.. and personally i would just call it GIANA. Long names tend to convolude the understandabilty of the game. @Adrian: 4% allready over 48k unique viewers... I mean.. comeon.. why dont all those people pledge 25 bucks?! Good morning folks!.. today is the day! @T.J. Fuller, JR : Why are you so angry? ;p Also, not sure if you're taking poll of title suggestions, but "Giana Twisters" (or a name inclusive thereof) seems like a good portmanteau of PG's ancestry and its byline. Glad to've looked into this on Greenlight. Remember Tony Ponce's coverage of the NDS version, and now I'm plunking fifteen on this'n. Since I'm voluntarily out of a job right now, I hope that's sayin' somethin'. While I like the idea of getting future content for free (it's why I plunked for Minecraft during alpha), I'll just hold out for later promotions (after all, this better get to Steam, Greenlighters!). Those exclusive digs, though... Can't resist! @karlchen This might help: <url>#19] Why does the money keep wobbling up then /down/? That doesn't seem right at all. I tried the demo and it convinced me to back it, it's really fun! Playing through level one lead me to believe that the game would be too easy, or that your abilities are too powerful, but level 2 made me see how it could be challenging. AND PLEASE MAKE IT CHALLENGING! The old games had length to them because of their difficulty. I'm not saying make it I Wanna be the Guy or Super Meat Boy difficulty, but please don't make it a game we can breeze by it look's like i cant play with wine... seems there are to many problems with 64bit... got an error because of some dotnet35 problems (which cant be emulated on 64bit-linux at the moment)... but hey... i have already windows installed :/ I still think you at least need to put a one line summary of the #19 update on your Front page of the kickstarter (right under the Demo link). It would catch the attention of the new & old backers. Hey BFG, just wanted to tell you that you can actually put links in the Greenlight description.. which you actually already did as I see now. But not for the Kickstarter link? @Colamisu same for me, I also Insta-upvote there. :) <url>"fatal error" .\modules\particles\SBRenderModule_Particle_Render.cpp::SBRenderModule_Particle_Render::CreateShaders(1703) Failes to load a shader for particle type 0 any idea, I have used Wine 1.5.11 under Play on Linux, I have also tested pure wine 1.1.0 and 1.3.x by using the "winetricks --force xact_jun2010" command, which should fix some problems without an success, does someone have a solution? Please? So if someone has a complete instruction for wine that would be great, there are always parts of instructions on the net, I will test it tomorrow in the morning, hope to have success ... ;( @Petar - Engine optimization is on their todo list, so no worries. Just FYI, I have no such framerate issues. What are your PC's specs exactly? I've just backed this game, the demo makes quite a lot of fun :) A little bit cross-promotion: If you're an Point & Click adventure fan, definitely check out Broken Sword 5! It looks very promising and it's close to getting funded :) Thanks! <url>"impossible" ? Ok, ok, then use this to make the PC version even better ... ;-D ... @Karsten: link is in the picture. if you want, please post some links. The thread-starter is checked by admins, because it's an advertisement-post. it's a borderline. X-) just upgraded to $25. I don't get the complaining about the DLC, it's great, and it's made for extending the game into something even better, it's not the "let's leave out some already made content from the game, and sell it for good price, one week after the game's release" kind of thing. (l'm ooking at you, Capcom...) Youtube vids are also "stuck" on 301 views for ages while the other views are being 'counted'. Might take a while for the votes to show. How many votes are needed for 1%? o.O Jungs, wenn ich auch mit unterstützt habe und will das Spiel auf PS3 spielen, bekomme ich das auch? oder muss ich diese extra bezahlen? Wow, an $1.5k boost since Steam Greenlight launch. Impressive. New hopes for stretch goals. :D @plinse: Just a picture. No link? Hi guys! I almost randomly stumbled over this on Steam Greenlight, had no idea this even existed. Phew, glad I caught it in time, you've got my $$$ and love :D Game looks wonderful and fun! As I had some problems with the ghost demo level: Will there be a character/letter-code in the end game to skip Levels which are too heavy or incompatible to the own way of playing or the own personality? I guess that there will be some places which throw out the occasional gamer, who isn't that much capable in conjuring with the gamepad (and don't have the time to learn that much). It would be a pity to pay and not to see most of the levels with the only reason being to clumsy. :-) I hope you find this a helpful suggestion and some others have the same wish. I'm just going to leave this link here <url>"The only things that cannot be edited after launch are: • The funding goal • The project deadline • Rewards that have already been selected by a backer" So i'm assuming to edit a reward tier that someone has already pledged to, you would need to get KS themselves to do it for you? You can edit rewards if Kickstarter gives permission. You can also raise or lower the limit of a tier if it has a limit. Ahah. That explains some of the other projects I've seen... they had a couple different options at the same $ Pledge level or created new pledge levels at the $26 mark. Yeah, they can't edit the text of the reward tiers. It's to keep the creators from jacking people around. All they can do is add new ones, I believe. @ Henrik - I KNEW it!!!!......I'm gonna go cry in a corner now. @matt: what do you expect? Its pre pre alpha stuff. Will the loading times in the final game improve? At the moment it is only two levels and they are kind along, even on my SSD system. It's generally not possible to edit reward levels on Kickstarter, though I've seen at least one project actually being able to do so. This is why you'll often see projects give their rewards names instead of descriptions and describe them in the main text instead. It also makes it easier to mix and match reward levels and make it obvious what each level gets you. Project Giana is having some obvious issues with how clear some of these things are since they didn't set it up "correctly" right away. @Lisa: I am quite positive that creators cant alter their pledge numbers. I think only thing they can do is close these $25 tiers and open new ones. As far as I know, it's not possible to update any pledge level texts. @maddoxman: yes, it was you. Is it possible to update the text of the $25 level to include what you just posted in your update? I think that would encourage a lot of new (and old) backers to select that option over the $10 one. 5,506? Somebody got left out :( ... it's me, isn't it....... ;P :( Every time you guys say that, the pledged amount goes down. getting ALL 2466 backers of the 10$-tier to up their pledge to 25$ AND ALL 457 backers of the 15$-tier to up their pledges to 25$ as well... that would add OVER 41500$ to the already pledged 160k$ and therefore overshoot the 200k$-barrier!!! think about it, if you are a sub-25$-backer ;) @TCO: EA seems to be the devil in most peoples minds hehe.. hence why EA works good for comparisements like that. I know what you are saying. Even EA is not all bad about the DLC. That is capcom with $5 for costume crap. Now all we need to do somehow is to get those 2923 people who pledged below $25 to up their pledge. If you are one of those people... remember its cheaper to up now then to wait when the DLC finally arrives. @Keith: I think this is what you mean right? "Edit: To clarify again. Even if your reward tier says it is exclusive (90$, 40$ etc), this still applies. Anyone who has pledged more than 25$ is getting this perk. Just so there is no confusion with the exclusive tiers. :)" Whichj means.. no matter how exclusive the tier.. if you pay more then $25 then you are in luck. DLC seems to be one of those tained words.. people freak out without even realising what they are freaking out over... in this case its FREE stuff.. I repeat FREE stuff. Stuff that isnt cut to make us pay more.. but stuff that doesnt fit in the financial planning now. If BFG was EA we would have to pay $15 for one extra character. So be glad BFG is basicly saying "you guys deserve the full version. The version we want to offer.. we dont have the money now.. but we will.. and when we will you guys will enjoy it for free".That my friends is very admirable. just upped my pledge - again :) @BFG, I currently am pledged for the DIGITAL PACK, which does not include earlier pledges. However, I'm interested in the CUSTOM BACKGROUND EDITOR in a lower pledge. I've been thinking about upping my pledge to the JEWEL EDITION but that, also, does not include any lower items. Any way to get this item in the exclusive pledges above the $35 pledge? Xuio is just one of those silly people who freak out even at the word DLC. DLC is nothing more then the old expansion but then digital. Ofcourse most DLC are much smaller aswell but as long as the price is right there is nothing wrong with DLC. And ofcourse no disclocked stuff but GTA 4, Borderlands, Defense Grid etc. proof there is good DLC worth all its money. The released preview demo seems to work rather fine on Wine/Linux, with just a few hassles during the installation. Check the Wine AppDB. Of course this doesn't guarantee that the finished game will, but it is at least a good sign. I mean "forwards to". Maybe we should start a kickstarter for an "edit your post" button? Curse you, BFG, for giving us more to look forwards too!! ;-) @Thomas W.: The first one is always free :-D I don't like DLC as well. It just makes me play longer and work less. Actually I should cancel my pledge, because they provide 16 levels. There should only be 8 levels, so that I waste less time playing. Maybe even the demo was too much... Damn, BFG, I didn't play any game the last 3 years... @Xuio: Did you throw away your older games in disgust when the developers released expansion packs? Do you return your game purchases if the developer patches them? If not, I'd venture to say you are a bit of a hypocrite. DLC is just a word, and what it means depends entirely on what is done with the concept. It can be anything from horse armor to patches to expansion packs to entirely new games, and they can be free or not. Your statement does nothing but reveal your ignorance of what DLC actually is, or can be. @Xuio... wow that's just stupid... And I'm not even a fan of DLC either. You make it sound like they're ripping us off by doing day 1 DLC or taking parts out of the game and then charging for them. But I get all future DLC free anyway so I'm not too worried. Still never liked DLC much. @Xuio Lol! BFG will give you the contents that don't make it into the initial release for free and you cancel your pledge because of that? @Xuio: What's wrong with DLC in cases like this? You'll get a complete and playable game even without DLC. It's not like those DLC games I really hate, where you've got to pay some bucks just to have a minimal chance to finish each level. I think it's bonus levels, additional costumes, graphical changes like those pictures in castle levels, and the like, that comes as DLC. And with at least $25, you'll get it for free anyway. They are making DLC , so that in the end, we WILL have the FULL version of Project Giana and possibly more! I've upped my pledge! I will never support any DLC, especially in Kickstarter projects. I'm canceling my pladge, sorry. @Andreas: And thats where you come in my friend. All those millions you made with RTYPE can come to good use here haha.. but seriously, check the last update =)) Hi folks, but I think to reach the next goal with 200k will be very hard, only one and a half day time to get it..mmm @Mirko: I hope WIN8 dies in a fire and then will be shot by all backers of this project... Regarding Win8, I'd really love a later support of Linux. I don't like "MS Tiles 1.0" at all and think about switching to Linux... > For all backers up from the 25-tier ALL PC DLC ever to be produced for Project Giana will be free Yeah! @Benny: totally off topic.. but congrats on the funding of your project. =) I've never been as excited about seeing a project that I've backed get funded as I am with this one. Can't wait to play this game! @BFG: I really appreciate your willingness to thank all the backers, but... that sounds more like a KS-induced craze than a rational business decision. @BFG: Thanks! - but that really sounds like running into banking troubles... besides... I still hope to see a zombie giraffe in a game one day... *looks at Adrian* that would be a glorious day! @Karsten: Normally that would be the case. But look at it from their side. BFG has a vision of what the game should and could be. This DLC will allow them to make that game. PLUS sticking feathers up our behind for backing them. I personally approve, but thats just my oppinion. @BFG Great, thats nice! Good thing I funded 25$ already :D I think there shouldn't be that much DLC. I think one with the to full version missing features would be enough and then collect the money, experience and feedback till there is enough of them to start the next project. @johannes: And to dance the DA BOP! while doing so. Maybe you should publish an update about that, to convince everyone to spend at least $25 on the game. ;) @Ole: Somehow I dont think they thought that through. The wording could be interpreted two way indeed. Either A. The first DLC Is free or all the DLCS are free when you pledged $25 or more. I interpreted it like this. - The game comes out.. first DLC is allways free. UNLESS you kickstarted then you get the game and ALL DLCs if you pledged 25 or more. @BFG Maybe a bit early to ask about, but Does that DLC you are mentioning, have to be downloaded from within the game, or is it supplied to the end user in the form of self contained packages / archives, that can be recorded to a disc for later use? Personally i prefer the self contained package solution. Just to make sure, i assume all in the existing $25 tier automatically will get all the DLC, and no new tier is needed? @Martijn: Probably something to do with the 25th aniversary. Alltho realisticly Facebook games are not games, merely means to drag you into the government surveyeance program that is called Facebook. Having said that... do the DA BOP! (<url>"Giana Sisters Young Generation" game that is in beta on facebook??? Wow! That's an even nicer reward... thanks for that! (though I have never bought the extra level pack for Giana Sisters for Android since I'd rather play it with a gamepad). BTW: Who made the Facebook version of Giana Sisters then? @Electronic Arts: Read this and learn from this example! @Adrian. Dance with me Adrian (preferably on Da BOP from WTF!.. god that song makes me cheerfull) I am going to learn proper german and thank all of you in person one day... on Septemberfest sponsored by BFG @TheChosenOne: Yeah I can get behind that *does a little doggie dance on Afrojack* @Dire Birdbrain They could start accepting preorders via their homepage to get more funds, and developping the game at the same time. or Release the basic version, and then release an expansion pack later, if the game sells good enough to warrant it. If we won't get there I'd like to epress my desire for a hardcore mode over more levels. Another diff level/gamemode can 'double' the fun. @Adrian: Going super then mate.. alltho $200k realisticly wont be met.. what is the idea then? just build content and see where the money runs out? Adrian, will the push to $200K continue on past the end of this Kickstarter via PayPal, or is all funding ending after 36 hours? I know running the fundraising campaign must take a lot of your attention away from developing the game, but you've enjoyed such a large surge of publicity over the last week that it seems like a shame to stop collecting pledges. A few more good days would carry you to $200K. Anyway, congratulations again on meeting the goal, and have fun finishing the game! Its the other direction. Giana uses XNA and Windows 8 supports it only in backwardcompatibility and only outside of metro and marketplace. Read: Giana in Store = boost in Win8 sales How should Windows 8 will give Giana a boost in selling? I guess MS has no idea how to boost the Win8 sales at all... Ok, I've installed Windows 8 testversion 90 days and there are not so many games in Store yet. And the planned October release date of both, Project Giana and Windows 8, should give a boost to Project Giana in selling. But I didn't know that it's almost not possible without XNA, thx to Karsten. I think the 'WIndows Store' question is clearly a Microsoft person stalking the forums to make people think that Windows 8 will be great and especially the store. Sane people know it will not. @ALex: I heard it works under pretty old computers as well, even though I had a two year old i7 with GTX260 at hand. I upgraded to wine -1.5.11 after Giana demo crashed, but then I installed XP patch, and executed wine .wine/drive_c/Programme/Black\ Forest\ Games\ GmbH/Project\ Giana\ Public\ Demo/GSGameExe_DX9.exe Just submitting was not working, as well as some time lag / leap was noticeable when progressing deeper into second level. @AlexBarg: the user who got running the demo with wine is named "spektrum". He wrote a more detailed post how he did it earlier here.... just search for "spektrum" ;) I'll give it a try to. But at the moment I Have not enough time. To much other things to do... @Matt: Totally agree with you. This is one of the few occasions where I would happily welcome some post-release DLC. If you don't reach your upper goals on kickstarter, will you provide the stuff like more levels, hardcore modus, more enemies via updates later, after you started selling the finished game? Would be a shame if that gets lost :( @Dire: Great, I have found the demo version of the game, I'm downloading it and will give it a try, does someone know the minimum requirements for the game ? @ALex: I haven't tried it myself, but I saw some earlier comments from people who had success running the demo under Wine. I'm pretty sure they had to use the XP patch, but I don't know what other configuration they used. Hopefully one of those people can give you more details. Hi, I'm very happy about a new version of this great game, so I've backed now this game, but just one question, does it maybe work under a Wine version under Linux? So if nobody knows I have to try it first because I no longer working under Windows at home. Any Idea ? So if yes, I maybe would raise my pledge to get the version with this picture import function. Thank you for this game! @Heppchen: Windows 8 Appstore would be not that easy. The reason is: Microsoft has stopped to continue on XNA. Yes, you can play XNA games with Windows 8, but only in desktop mode (backward compatibility). For Windows 8 apps and Windows Phone 8 apps, you can't use XNA anymore. And for sure, next Xbox will do the same. Im so excited :D Wow, this game looks amazing, glad I got to back it in time! @Heppchen: ... in Windows Store? That's an unusual request. Earlier today I upped my pledge from $10 to $80 so I could get the mousepad with a physical copy of the game. At least I think it was today. I love the picture. I've never purchased a mousepad before, but even if I had I guarentee this would have been the most expensive mousepad I'd ever bought, but worth it, very worth it, especially with the other things coming with it. I'm also hoping that we manage to double the pledges so that we can get Ouya, since I've also backed that project and would love to have a great game coming to it. Please can someone tell me how to get wine to work this on an iMac. Not having much luck with it at the moment. Yes, made it, rock on BFG!!! Who said they are not gonna make it? *claps claps claps* Bravo! :-) @BFG: Regarding OUYA: It would be great to clarify or confirm :) that a single online key for all (upcoming) platforms work. Of course, depending on pledge amount :) At least I'd like to see Project Giana in Windows Store in October :) A downloadable demo inside the Windows Store until Sep 16th would be also great. @Martijn: The screen is from stage 8 in Great Giana Sisters 2 which I only "found" today on <url>"(j/k)" below my post, which stands for "just kiddin'"... ;-D ... I supported the project from the moment i noticed it almost a month ago, and i'll do till its finished. Love everything about this one (i promise not to do silly jokes again, atleast here) .... ;-) Just upped my Pledge from 25$ to 150$ :) $155.091... C`mon guys, we can do better than that, we want more levels :-)!!! At least I don't have to deal with the hurricane, Adrian... I'm from New Jersey, lol. Saw those images on the NES site... I like the slide. People post Facebook photos of a water slide from the bedroom to a pool a floor or two below them. I'd love to have that just to wake myself up. BTW, do the cards get charged at the last second? If so, my wife gets paid Thursday... I'm willing to go another $10. Once we hit the 48-hour mark, things are probably going to get a bit more intense as the people who have asked to be notified about the project will receive their emails then. Most successful Kickstarters have a massive boost in pledges during the last two days. I see this as a way to kick some publishers in their complacency. For the longest time, they were the only realistic way to get your game made. With this, however, that is no longer necessarily true. Push publishers out of the way, and bring gamers and developers closer together. :) Pledges just went down by more than 100$ again. That's stupid! Congratulations BFG! You must feel fantastic today. @Jeroen: I cannot. My wife will kill me. I could only go no higher than $35. Besides, planning to buy a 3DS XL, as my DS lite has officially broken, and now my sister-in-law wants to play again. All I have is a DSiXL... Sorry BFG. ^_^; In related news, playing Giana DS on the DSiXL... A big thanx you to TMC ! well, I dont know if it was you but I noticed 1 free slot at the $90 level pledge. after playing the demo version I noticed that playing with a keyboard does not work very well for a platform game. $90 is a bit more than I wanted to pledge, but the logitech gamepad should help me help Giana finish the levels unharmed (well, after trail and error probably) right, $97k to go for the complete game with extra's... well I just increased my pledge by $65. ($25 to $90), if 1500 other backers do the same, we are there. lol.... Why? Bravo BFG !!! You made it ! Finally i can cancel my pledge ! (j/k) ... ;-) LOL, stage 8 in Giana Sisters 2 was the end for both sisters :( It's not boring for me. The game makes much fun. Actually not as good as NSMB, but better than Sonic Generations. a big "hurra" for the hardcore-mode. [sarcasm] that's what the older players missed since the second demo-level! hopefully there's a lot more of the damn fu... ghosts up in the air! [/sarcasm] but maybe @karsten schilder isn't bored anymore ... <url>"pensioner-mode"? I need something like a gun against the ghosts! Or a bolt like turrican ?-) Oh no, I didn't know about the existence of Giana Sisters 2 for C64 or I forgot it ;) > <url>"my kind" of game usually. Espen: I don't think that the 350k goal is a very serious one. Even the BFG people know that they won't reacht the double amount of money in just two days. ;) I still think $200K is possible... $250......meh, not so much. Congrats! I can't wait to see that sneak peak and the full game! I'm a little doubtful about reaching the 200K or 250K goals at the moment, but I still wish you luck as I'd really love to have the extra levels and bosses! It's probably not a good idea to set a stretch goal for a platform that almost nobody has access to any more. It'll make the few who has really happy, but it'll make continued effort feel like a waste of time to everyone else (even if it isn't). You have reached your destination! Congrats to all backers and to BFG Team! :-) Ehm, if you make a Commodore 64 version of this Giana game with the same effect to change the background world, than you really gods! :P Wow. Been watching the amount yo-yo as people who think it's settled pull their pledges. Thats really low....... I'm so happy we made it! :D AMIGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! =) Year, an Amiga version!!! Thats SO cool, i can run it inside WinUAE! ;-) It's been a while since i last used real Amiga hardware... There there , You are allowed to shed tears of joy my friend ;)) @johannes: We shall hunt them down and make them pay for their crimes..... Kinda sad to see that quite a few people seem to retract their pledges now that the project is "safe". 20 minutes ago it was still $152,333, now it's $152,309 again. Awwwwwwww Yeah!!! $152K and climbing! Thank Kittens and Puppies and everything I don't hate!!!! @Keith: Would Chris Huelsbeck be involved if they didn't? (even the pledge money goes to huelsbeck productions) @Keith The DS game was property of spellbound entertainment, which became BFG. WHEW! WE DID IT! :D upped my pledge to $40. I'm so glad this is getting made! I have wood like crazy! =P just got out of a meeting here at work and got to say (font size=infinite)YAAAYYYY!!!!.. congrats all of you german and non germans Gianas! @AngelCaido: Regarding shirt size, I would bet a survey needs to be done once the project is successful. I'm wondering whether best pledge day on July 31st can be beaten, yesterday it was close. Sehr schön! Das Ziel wurde erreicht. Freue mich sehr auf das fertige Spiel! Wann und wie (falls überhaupt möglich) kann man angeben, welche T-Shirt-Größe man hat? I'll admit, I was getting very nervous about you guys making the goal since it was real slow in the beginning. Was very happy to see some blogs start to talk about you (better late than never). Look forward to the release of the game! since you allowed pledging via paypal and these pledges are not included in the actual amount of kickstarter (or are they!?) - can you provide us with some statistics here? A quick (if odd) question - can you confirm you actually own the rights to the Giana Sisters IP/brand/whatever you call it? I've got a couple folks who are steering clear because they feel your KS page avoids the subject, which (given their caution towards KS projects in general) they're equating to 'would rather avoid the question'. A confirmation would be a great help in getting them off the fence :) yes!!! :-) So chuffed for all you guys. Just goes to show, when you've got a great game, the people will back you. Congrats, Glückwunsch! So 55 hours more time for more game, i hope. I'm back and upped my pledge finally. Lets race towards 200k+! So a new goal at $200.000.. sounds like a nice attempt. We need $48461, so thats $865 every hour from now. Till now, we had a trend of $202 every hour...so we need a final burst to get a stretched goal. @All turrican fans Apart from the links i posted days ago, i found something simply fantastic for a fangame: <url>önntet ihr es bitte zwei Wochen nach Veröffentlichung Beschlagnahmen lassen, damit es genauso rar wird wie das Original? Danke! ;-) I need my T-shirt in XL! ;) Boah, was für ein Krimi. Hat mich mehr mitgenommen als der Tatort vom letzten Sonntag und die gestrige Fahrt auf'm Talokan zusammen ;-) Herzlichen Glückwunsch! What an awesome sprint these past couple of days to reach the goal, you guys deserve it! Congratulations, Black Forest Games! Woo! \o/ Let's keep going and see how much more can be raised. !!! -- Bingo! Congrats to BFG! YEESH that was pretty scary. Glad we made it :) So, we just need around $1800 per hour to reach 250k, right now it looks very promising. I was getting worried, congrats on your Kickstarter success! This user's account has been deleted. Yay, $150k :) After a thrilling final you reached your goal! Congratulations! GREAT! Just upped my pledge - hope that we hit the 200k$ ‎$150,722! GIAN-TASTASTIC! @Rcichard L: haha, nicely done there :) Good morning everybody ^.^ I see we have hit 150k ^.^ Lets all keep up the good work and see how much we can pile on in 57hrs. Now I am off to shamelessly bother everyone on my friends list (again) Fantastic Congratulations well deserved! :D Great job guys! Congratulations! Totally awesome, time to up the pledge again!! ^^ Owlsome job for reaching the gowl ^^ ヽ(゜∇゜)ノ WE DID IT!!!! ヘ(￣ー￣ヘ) GIANA (ノ￣ー￣)ノ GIANA (〜￣▽￣)〜 GIANA 〜(￣△￣〜) GIANA (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ GIANA SISTERS VICTORY DANCE!!! Yes! *yipieee* I ordered a game pad for my PC yesterday. I knew we gonna make it. ;) Yay! :) Congratulations guys! :D Also: Nice to see the PayPal option available from now on! @Johannes S.: Shadowrun Online got >200K in its last two days. :-) I stayed up all night for this moment :D gratulation, lasst die korken knallen! Hurra :) Glückwunsch! I do see a 150 before the decimal point. Makes my day. \o/ @BlackForestGames Congrats :D Congrats! I'm excited to see where this is going in the next 2 days... GOAL! Congrats, doods! THX! Die 150k geknackt - SPITZE :) @Henrik: NEVER EVER!!!! Congratulations! I knew you could do it! And now let's all revoke our pledges to keep this exciting! Let’s head for the 250K! @BlackForestGames Congratulations! Woohoo! Now let's see if we can't beat $166k and let you folks *actually* have 150k (After KS+Amazon fees)! Now another quick 100k and we'll get the full experience. :) YES!!! Congratulations! :-) Yeay on getting to the goal :D I'm not revoking my 300 pledge :D Victory! :) YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Congratulations !! Congratulations!! YEA!!!! But don't stop with pledging until this project has endet. People kann revoke their pledge.. this should be prevented!!! But anyway... a quiet "congrats" to BFG!!!! Yippiieeee! Yeah! :D Congrats!! GOALLL!!!!! Congratulations!!!!! Omg. The Last One was too big. I wanted to hit the goal. Goal!!!! ;) Congratulations on reaching your / our goal Gratuliere ganz herzlich und sorry müsst ihr nun so ein tolles Spiel machen :) We made it We made it :D Und bei BFG holen sie jetzt den Schampus raus :) Juhu :D Das wäre geschafft! Hoffentlich kommt noch ein bischen mehr zusammen. Mein Sohn freut sich nämlich auf das Spiel! Here we are! 150k$. I am so relieved... Yay! YEAH!!!!! Funded! @Dablue: a friend (so distant relative that in most countries that doesn't count as relation) had made plans back then as the VR craze was just about to take off to start a gaming cafe with full VR equipment. He had high hopes to make good cash that way;) WE DIDI IT!!!!!!!!!! \^O^/ ALMOST!!! :) @Cristian: 273... So 27 of those Spartans didn't shift to cute Giana at the right time to twirl across an acid pool :) @Stavros: The funny thing is.. everytime you read about another revolution I think to myself.. hey.. ive seen that somewhere before.. it flopped mid 90's lol Like for instance that VR helmet thing. I remember all those VR things.. like the helmet and powerglove and you name it hehe 300!! THIS*IS*SPARTAA!!! Turrican II was my all-time favourite game. When i bring out my old Amiga and play it, i always get emotional and move to tears for nostalgia and sense-of-wonder ... T^T @Dablue: RType was the first game where I read in a preview that a game would "revolutionise" the genre, the console (game boy for me) and gaming as we know it. Guess that's why I don't care about all those modern day gaming revolutions - I was there for some of the early ones :) @Andreas: well thank you for making those games! I played Giana Sisters on my brothers C64 in the basement although I wasn't allowed to play by myself. I was barely able to read, but I knew how to load the game ;-) @Stavros: lol.. Ill keep in mind for the next time I need to things like that, @Stavros: you that old huh ;p Well me too. I feel your pain haha @Dablue: not well thought through. You should have made those 3 virgins back the game instead ;) @SKArcade: my thought exactly.. thats why I killed 3 virgins and now we seem to be back on track. Gaah i remember reading previews for R-Type :) Thank you to all for being so long time fans of my games. 398 and counting! ^o^/ Wow, just 398 to go. I gotta be honest, there was a good time where I didn't think you'd make it, but now it looks well and truly over the line. An early congrats to all. :) @Andreas: Wow, thank you so much for Turrican (mine and my Dad´s all time favorite), Hard´n Heavy, Mission Kellog´s and many many more! Vielen Dank für die schöne Zeit und schöne Grüße nach Saarbrücken. @Project Giana Backers: LESS than 400$ to go! :) OMG! 398 and counting :) ...448 and counting.... (insert mysterious music here) @Andreas: RTYPE totally changed the way I looked at games. So to you sir *official Dablue doggie bow* @Dablue YES I am ^^ Hmmm.. perhaps BFG should organise "kickstarter Septemberfest 2012" with Dönner and beer and play sessions lol.. @henrik: oh yeah, right, my bad! totally forgot about those. @Itanium64: Amen to that buddy =) only 600 bucks to go ... @Itanium: Accordion is also very traditional in the northern part of Germany. Schiffersklavier. ... wait a minute.... *looks at Andreas*.. are you honestly THE Andreas Esher? *doggie bow* Of course, Amiga *AND* C64. Manfred, Andreas and Chris were absolutely the best of the best on both platforms. Chapeau. @Dablue :-) yeah there are some people here that don't really understand humor, and I also experienced that people from the netherlands are a lot more laid back. anyway, no matter where we are all from, it is really important that this project succeeds so we all get to experience a new Giana game soon! :-) Less than $700 to go!!!! @itanium64: haha Yes.. that is really nationalistic. What I mean however is.. well .. when you make (bad) jokes about germany there allways seems to be a german with his or her panties in a twist. when you do that over here.. people just shrug it off. @Adrian: thats something similar to Shoarma right? @Logion: haha.. you and me both buddy. @Cristian: i would extend that "thank you" to all those great C64 games Andreas made the graphics for. Loved "Katakis", "X-Out", "R-Type", the "Turrican's" and all those other great Rainbow Arts titles back in the days. ^^ @Christian: Ill second that thank you! I didnt even know he was also credited on R-TYPE on the C64. That was my alltime favorite shootem up game when I was growing up. I'm pretty much just hitting the refresh button repeatably now. @Mischa, klaro aber bitte net so klein ^^ @dablue: i guess it depends on what you compare it to, and on the occasion ;-) sure, give us a european soccer championship, and on every other car you will see the german flag, but other than that? not really. now in the states, most people have a flagpole in their frontyard. THAT is what I would call nationalistic. @Cristian, thank you for playing the stuff^^ What I allways find very admirable about germans is that they seem to be very nationalistic. So very different from what "we" have in the netherlands. Can I Just say a big "thank you guy!" to Andreas Escher for the wonderful work he did in the few years he worked with Amiga and for all the dreams he borught to a generation of gamers? @Itanium64: Ahhh sheisse. There goes another illusion I had. @dablue: well that picture of the beer-drinking lederhosen-wearing german who plays accordeon and goes to the Oktoberfest is one that is only to be found in the state "Bavaria" in the southern part of Germany. All other Germans feel often offended being reduced to that. I for once don't even like beer. Or accordeon. And I don't wear dresses where my breasts fall out of. Sorry to destroy any illusions, but most Germans are not like that. @Itanium64: And what I listened to alot (dont know if they still exist) is die fantastischen vier. @Andreas haha yes that is mans biggest enemy @Itanium64: Certainly not to be rude, but when I think of german music I think of middleaged men on some kind of acordeon, accompanied by a woman with big tits that is hauling big pulls of beer from one end of a long char to the other end. A good friend of mine had a german girlfriend and we went to alot of october festen as a group, never seen so many drunk people at 1pm then at that time. Whoohoo, our famous, good ol' C64 graphic guru is backing this too ... ;-) ... he he but leave you weight scale at home.... @Henrik: that is only true for the traditional southern part of Germany. I would actually say that the "Organ" (the big one in churches) is an instrument with an extremely long tradition here. Other than that, all of the instruments in a symphonic orchestra. oooohhh.. Andreas, mit sauerkraut... I think ill have to book a trip to one of the october festen when I think of all this delicious food. haha I prefer wiener schnitzel und pommes ^^ Hmmm.. Acordeon music with bratwurst und bierrr... oh I miss my german vacations hehe @Dablue Hard to say. Accordion and brass, maybe. @Henrik: Are there any typical german instruments btw? @BFG: Personally I would think its wise to use the surplus money you guys and girls are getting on all the fees kickstarter and amazon will take. Not to forget the physical rewards and (god forbid) the people who's creditcard bounce. All those %'s should really eat away at your goalamount. (unfortunately) *paw fistpump in the air* ♪ We are gonna make, weeee are gonna make it... ♪ I think that should work, c´om guys spend the rest of the money ^^ . I did it in memory to my old friend Armin Gessert and the all the memories to the good old C64 times. Comeon folks! *cracks the whip* rob a bank, steal the college money of your children..hell.. spend your inheritance early but UPP the pledgeamount! 1226$ left... It Will Happen!! @ Thomas: NICE, thx :-) S. van Hengel: sounds like the plot to a movie. "youtube made me do it" :P Youtube video made me pledge ... :) just backed, out of sheer nostalgia. the trailer looks awesome, couldn't try the demo since I am on Mac right now. I am one of those people that knew Giana before they knew Mario... ;-) I really hope that this goes through, looking forward to the game and especially the amazing soundtrack. Keyboard gameplay works quite well in the demo already. hi! By the way, will it be possible to play the game nice via keyboard? In terms of arrow control? I hope it will be funded...!!! 1.5K Dollars left! C'mon guy's and gal's! >:o @Ole: hehe. I would love to see the additional bosses and a bit longer game. But I am very happy that the game will become a reality, especially after the very slow couple of week we have been having. @Dablue Nononono! ....No! If that happens i WILL tear off the limbs of this voodoo doll -_-; On a more serious note, its for certain the game will become reality now. I just hope enough extra backing will arrive, allowing BFG to cram some of the extras into the game. Just because the game have reached its goal does not mean the work is over, it means you guys (backers) still have fifty-something hours of 'hard' work ;) Now, double-time it! (here's hoping for a backer-rush) x) Ofc well make it... but I do expect a movie with the whole crew of BFG dancing naked in the black forrest while thanking us all individually! Oh. My. God. Following (and backing) this project is just ridiculously exciting :-) Hope you make it! Raised my pledge with 10$+ that's all i can do at the moment! But I hope this gonna be happen. It looks good at the moment ;) @spektrum: Thanks a lot! I'll first try it (with your tips in mind) with play on linux. It's able to handle different wine versions (update-able via www) with custom prefixes in an easy to use gui. So if I have a best practice this could be some very easy doing for less experienced users... ;) If it not work, I'll try your original way! Updated Reward Chart on the forums guys. For those confused. :) <url>"The selected attachment does not exist anymore." I've put in $1 for now, but I'll put more in when a Mac version is included... die machen es aber wirklich noch mal spannend :) Does the $40 tier include the $15 exclusive backer costumes, because the text says otherwise but I think it should be included. Has this been forgotten and the text cannot be changed? 5000 backers!! ♪ Oh, please stay by me... Giana! ♪ I found a proof-read and much nicer reward matrix in the project giana forum: It should be accessible without being logged in. <url>"mountains" with no way out. Hopefully BFG will fix that problem. Tried hammering all keys with no luck! Does someone know a solution for this? @Nightblue If you're on a Windows computer, go download the demo at <url>"stretch goal" content coming at a later date? DLC? Sequel? Special Edition? I know DLC has a bit of negativity attached to it these days but I'd be more than happy to get that extra content as purchaseable DLC. Wow... Before I went to sleep, it was at ~130K.. I get home from work and we're heading for $144K!!!!! @Robert Salender: First i use not facebook and F2P games( only world of tanks sometimes). This time i play only Guild wars 2 and Retrogames. And yes, today there a many clones and continuations. Giana Sisters is a clone from Mario and Mario a clone from... Donkey Kong. :D I hope there is a little story in there, i like the refresh version from the old one. (sry for bad english) Yeah, yeah, yeah. Next time i wake up (german time zone) it might be done. I'm new backer and I hope some more join that did not pledge now! :) It looks good that the BFG team get the $150,000 before Friday 5:59pm EDT. xD - @BFG Team the Project Giana playable demo was already cool, I hope with the $150,000 you will be able to make a game without any bugs! ^^ / Maybe the game will be sold alot when it's released and you could port it to other platforms aswell, even you don't get maybe till Friday the $350,000 .... Was alot fun to follow this Kickstarter project and it is still a thriller. :P @karlchen: Actually, there was no real magic, pretty straightforward. First I built a deb package with checkinstall from the latest wine version, just follow this blog entry: <url>#Wineprefix for more info on this): WINEPREFIX=~/.wine/giana wine ProjectGiana_Demo_Installer.exe and afterwards WINEPREFIX=~/.wine/giana wine ProjectGiana_Demo_XP_Patch.exe I had some trouble with the installer at first, it seemed to hang installation. I know it is a known issue that the installer may take a while, (up to half an hour) but it did not progress. So I killed it and tried it again which worked. (I think changing the wine Windows version from "Windows XP" to "Windows 7" via winecfg did the trick) Now you can go to the install dir (if you used the same wineprefix, it should usually be ~/.wine/giana/drive_c/Program Files/Black Forest Games GmbH/Project Giana Public Demo/) and run it with WINEPREFIX=~/.wine/giana wine GSDemoLauncher.exe Make sure you set the graphics to DirectX 9 and you should be ready to go. I hope I did not miss something important as I was fiddling around a bit myself, but if you encounter any problems just let me know. @Elias Weingärtner: ... at the bottom line on the loading screen ... - BFG use the Havok Vision Engine and Havok Physics. @spektrum: that's genius... I have a quit strong linux (Ubuntu 12.04) system here (i72600k@4GHz/16GB RAM/GTX580@OC) Can you provide (config)files and a little install-instruction... then I'll try it too ;) Folks, first of all thank you for making this wonderful game happen. Two questions a) Will you guys later-on release a level editor? It'd be totally awesome to have the crowd create levels on their own and share them via Facebook or sell them in an in-game store... :D b) For the tech-savy among us: The engine you're using to build the game is awesome. I like the 2Dish-look of your 3D-Engine (I like the slight perspective twist when the screen scrolls)... Now the question: Is than an In-house development? Are you reusing your Gothic engine? Or is that some 3rd party one? Keep up the great work! -- Elias PS: Giana Sisters was my introduction to computers over 20 years ago, and now, well I almost have my PhD :D Also kudos to the new name of the studio: Our well-beloved black forest is among the most beautiful places in the world. Now it also produces the most beautiful platform game - ever! Just got the Demo to run under Windows 8 RTM x64, using the Win XP Patch. And I am glad it worked, because the Game is awesome! Stunning graphics and design and the gameplay is so great. I really like the difficulty in all this mind twisting switching! Come on 8K in 3 days should be possible, right?! T_T Went up $2,000 while playing the Final Fantasy VII re-release. Good going! The reason they need all that money is for all that soda. ;) We should be able to reach $150k! Unfortunately I've had to reduce my own pledge a little, but hopefully we'll continue to get new pledges. WE ARE SO CLOSE. ;_; Thought I'd check before going to bed and was thinking "please be above 140" Well, its 142177. That's good :) Tomorrow we should it the goal :) This user's account has been deleted. Awesome, finally got the DX9 version running under wine 1.5.11 and debian so far. Haven't played much yet, but it seems to run smooth on my Radeon HD 6670. It did not work at first probably because I had some other directx dlls installed via winetricks, but runs great sine I used a fresh wineprefix. Ohhh, and it's time to order a gamepad :) This is awesome! A few days ago i had severe doubt about the funding, but not it is almost done! Keep going! I want to see the full game, not only the demo. Which is BTW great fun. $8'800 till the goal and 3 days to go... At first I thought this might just make the 150k, but now it looks like it can go a good bit beyond that. DF got over 87k backers, so there is plenty of people to go. Of course they had their run on the 2nd! day, so nothing is impossible for the last few days on this project. I might also add $10 for the download option. @BFG: If this is just going to be a basic version, are you still going to persue the full version close to completion of the basic one? As a second question: Will backers here get to enjoy the full version somehow (maybe upgrade price?). I am going to bed now very soon. Wonder if the 150k are cracked by the time I wake up ;) Joined in with a late pledge. No self-respecting gamer that grew up during the 80s should miss this one. Kudos to the team who have worked so hard with this one. Here's hoping the game will be the success it deserves to be. Oh, and a Mac port would be great too. ;-) Ahh, "Turrican" is backing Giana ;) (Andreas Escher 7 hours backwards). Give us Giana Pledgers the Option to pledge for Turrican 4 :) But back to Giana - looks better and better for the (stretch) goal(s)... <url>´m kinda with Kabraxis on this. A half full version seems wrong. Use the money for the game to make it perfect and try to find a publisher for the full version + OUYA (if we don´t make the 250k$/300k$,one can still hope, but main goal is to get this game done and over 150k$). And when you have found a publisher just upgrade our games ;). But definitely keep the IP!!! But a new Strechgoal with some gimmick content like new Charactermodels/Enemymodels or something at 175k$ or 200k$ would be nice if we crack 150k$ early ;). Did you try to reach Gamasutra.com for an interview or something? They didn´t really reply to my email ;), but might be good to be on their page before this Kickstarter is over. Oh, and I just loved the demo! Keep up the good work! Schöne Grüße nach Offenburg! ;) Noch mal in Deutsch weil ich ja noch keine Antwort habe. Habe ja die Mousepad Option gewähl und dann noch $20 für eine DVD Version zusätzlich. Wenn ich aber noch ein zweites Download Game haben möchte kann ich dann noch mal $10 hinzufügen weil das DVD Spiel ja dann doch eher zum sammeln ist und ich mich dann vom Download Spiel oder Retail Spiel für einen bekannten trennen müßte wäre eine nomal +$10 Option für ein weiteres Download Spiel richtig super. Da es ja schon auch jemand anderes gefragt hat hoffe ich auf eine baldige Antwort! I mean, I LOVE open-source games, but I find many just being clones. Of course many will clone Mario: look at Giana! I'm referring to SuperTux and Secret Maryo Chronicles as prime examples. @Maria: I'm getting tired of all the F2P MMOs and FPSes out there. I'm also getting tired of the pay-to-win model, like with the many Facebook games, trying to be #1 of your friends. I recently bought the re-release of Square-Enix's FF7, just for nostalgia sake. Besides, it's that one console RPG we all loved. Seeing this after following the main Giana page on Facebook has made me want to see more platformers on PC that aren't clones, no pun intended on the game's history, ha. I think you guys, BFG, should decide whether to split the stretchgoal or not. In my opinion you should just focus on the game and/or the Kickstarter campaign in its current state. On the other hand, maybe it helps if there would be a stretchgoal at 200k. What I am trying to say is: I don't want the basic version +2 levels from the full version of the game (instead of 4 levels if 250k would be reached)... that would feel.. wrong.. because it is taken out of context? Not sure. hm... where is the edit button... :/ +20 $20! I hope it will works. I like Retro games. $140k! Hallo BFG, schlagt doch OUYA einen Überraschungs-Deal vor: Wenn sie (OUYA) die Endsumme auf $300k aufstocken, könnten sie jeder Kickstarter-OUYA ein Project Giana-Spiel beilegen. So hätten beide Projekte etwas davon... Nur so eine Idee. :-) @Robert Salender: It's always better to use a higher model number in a series so that a 510, 520, 530 for Nvidia is much, much slower than a 460 from previous series and would only compete if new games make heavy use of new versions of Shader Model, DX11, etc. <url>"stretch" at this point. But, one can hope! :D @BFG I'm all for Michael Hoffmann's proposal ;) If some of your ideas and plans don't make it to the game, i cannot help hoping for an expansion - and perhaps a level editor later on. My guess is, giving your average enthusiast the ability to add more content to the game, will only make it better as time passes. - And moddable games have a radically longer lifetime, Just look at ut99. Noticed last night that David Jaffe backed Giana. I upped my pledge as well, although not by much as I'm pressed for cash. 3 days. Let's do this! I got the demo working on Mac via WINE and the DX9 version with the XP patch but gamepad support doesn't work and I can't seem to set any resolution options. Still, it's almost fully working there. Kickstarter projects do typically get more money in the last day or two than on other days, sometimes by a very significant margin. So we can hope. I am hating how Kickstarter made the site so that I can't comment on projects via mobile. Backed this up three days ago and I see another $40k out of it. Good going. The way it's going, I might not see $200k out of it. :( Just wish it was like eBay, where within final few minutes, everyone starts to fork over even more cash, just to get the item, lol. This user's account has been deleted. Chance. I can't write. 99% change, I mean. :) @Black Forest Games Guys, with the project now trending towards a sum higher than your initial goal, IMHO it would be a perfect time to give out some stretch goals between $150,000 and the $250,000 you hoped for. You mentioned a lot of additional stuff you could give us for $250,000. Why not split this up and give us some parts of this for $175,000 and for $200,000? I think this could initiate a final rush for this great project! @Mikael Olofsson, I'd peg it at over 99% of success. @Kabraxis As i understand, you can add and Mix as many Keys and DVDs as you wish. Already backed as much as I can, but just a question... I have a PS3, and use a Mac; therefore I have no way to play the demo nor the game that would be shipped to me. Is there a way to give us PS3 users a PSN download for free, when the game hits PSN Store? Having to pay twice for the same game would be NOT a good thing... Feature on the game at Destructoid: <url>"One question I still have (pledge over $50) if I pledge +$20 I get the DVD Version also but is it also possible to pledge +$30 and get the DVD Version and a second Download Game ?" Amazing to see some life in Giana, and so happy to have this great team of musicians involved! This user's account has been deleted. One question I still have (pledge over $50) if I pledge +$20 I get the DVD Version also but is it also possible to pledge +$30 and get the DVD Version and a second Download Game ? Great that we now need only $11.500,00 to play this great awesome Game and hear the awesome soundtrack :) At this point in time, if every single backer added 3$ to their pledge, the goal would be met... That could actually be a backup plan. @carsten: great work! Looks right, but better BFG tells us, if this is correct ;) to clarify: For additional $10 you get another game key to gift to someone starting at the $10 tier. For additional $20 you get the/another (depending on reward tier) Game DVD starting at the $50 tier. Okay caved in and backed this - used to own the original back in the day. tbh I never play many games on the PC now - on my Prime android tablet most of the time - so hoping they release this for Tegra 3 :-) Yes. For additional $10 you get another game key to gift to someone. For additional $20 you get the/another (depending on reward tier) Game DVD. Possible if you are backing at least for the $50 reward tier. Sorry, can anyone explain me again the "additional key option"? It's amazing to see how many different approaches there are to finish the two levels and/or get all crystals. Whenever I watch a new playthrough of the demo on YouTube I think "Oh, that's a quite cool way to do it" at least once. Self-crafted reward-matrix maybe some BFG member can confirm the matrix oder comment on what's wrong. <url>über das Thema jump&run mit 44 ;) Jedenfalls finde ich beide Level durchaus fair und auch schaffbar - im zweite muss man halt schon etwas üben für die zusätzlichen Kristalle ... aber es wäre imho auch schade, wenn es zu leicht würde. Dennoch fairer als so manche SMB Bonusbereiche (wo man über unsichtbare Blöcke aus dem sichtbaren Bereich springen mußte, iirc). Good luck with the project. The art style is awesome! It would be a great idea to add an artbook as prize for some pledges. I'm backing this but I would like to see a Mac version made! Kicktraq is showing for the first time that the project is trending towards 100%. @Arild: many rewards were introduced at a later time. And they cannot change the text once the reward has been published. That's why it is confusing. Just for the sake of more visitors, I am trying to reach some 3D artists: <url>Übung macht den Jump&Runer. Aber diese blöden Geister ... - warte mal noch sieben Jahre ab ... 8-) So, ich muß jetzt meinen Brei essen gehen, Abendbrot. There, I did it.. I gotta say that I find the rewards really confusing.. the way it's written I'm not sure what the hell I'm gonna get and what not.. but.. It's GIANA so.. With 32 years, I'm not that young anymore. I just have some experience after my son had forced me to complete New Super Mario Bros. Wii with 5 star rating and all bonus movies. The hardest was 9-7. Took me 2 evenings to get all starcoins. Such tricky bonuslevels I also would wish me in Giana. Have you tried contacting Gronkh yet? I bet he would gladly help your cause and produce a short let's Play of the preview levels and reach thousands of potential backers. Not much time to try. @plinse: it takes practice above all - we old farts will just take a little longer to make it, so we have that much more fun (because our game experience will last that longer) ... ;) Good luck for the project and I hope that you reach the goal ^^ RockPaperShotgun says hallo @Karsten Thanks for the great videos. Now i know, i'm too old for the higher levels. 8-) of course i finished the second demo-level, but how you jump/dash/twirl around (and OVER !) the damn fu... ghosts and the lower diamand-cavern is amazing. now i go back to my home for the aged. ;) Mentioned on RockPaperShotgun: <url>#ProjectGiana throughout the next four days. With our powers combined, maybe we can get it trending. How many fans are from the States? (Me, for one.) At least there will be a livestream of the event, right? No one has the money to travel. Unless you're the person who pledges the $10k. God bless ya if you did that. ^_^ One question about the T-shirt in the 250$ tier: does it have cute AND punky Giana (one on the front side, one on the back)? Or would I have to choose? Upped my pledge from $10 to $150 Thanks Karsten Schilder! Oh I can't watch the $ goal. It drives me crazy. Only if there was one more day... @BFG: I'd like to see a pledge with cheaper (!) Launch party ticket or at least a ticket to celebrate Giana's 25th anniversary where Giana and other platformer fans meet each other. Similar to Retro, Evoke or Slayradio.org parties :) @TheChosenOne: The search includes keywords and short description. If "OUYA" is used in short description, then OUYA project is displayed. Currently 13 games support OUYA with 1st non-strech goal. @Mikael: Keyboard and XBox-Controller are supported by default without any changes to settings. I've used Logitech F310 but keyboard works as well, please only keep QWERTY bug reported by ZikZak in mind ;) You search projects, not words. And if you can't play this game on your pc I feel very very bad for that person. This aint exactly Crysis/BF. :P This user's account has been deleted. I did a search for OUYA here and Project Giana is not available in search result so the OUYA backers are probably not so many at this point. Actually, I can see why a person might withdraw the pledge. Imagine having a lower end computer, and no controller for it. A person might withdraw because of being unable to play it on their computer, and perhaps doesn't have one of the other more expensive consoles. There's also the whole issue of trying to get support for the console from as many third party groups as possible, thus giving more reason for adoption of the new console. People might be choosing to back what ever they think will create that third-party support for the purpose of trying to make sure the console succeeds. If something they backed looks like it won't make it to Ouya, then moving to another project that has good prospects of going to Ouya would further that goal. Seems odd to me tho, to back a game solely because it comes out on Ouya. I would inmagine that you back a game because of said game. Upped my pledge, let's do this! Michael Hoffman: hopefully those ppl have already backed out. Winfuture.de made a News about 2 hours ago: <url>ß nach Offenburg. @Richard L Why are you so puzzled about this? This happens all the time in Kickstarter projects. Backers can lower their pledge or withdraw it all together. Hmm, am I going crazy? I was making a calculation in XLS on how much the current backers could up their pledged amount to reach the goal. When I returned to this site and hit F5..the pledged amount had decreased by $4 :O I already have raised, but waiting for my final raise until there is some final spurt necessary... ;) Okay, raised. Let's do this. I just upped my pledge from $25 to $40, but I think that's my limit. I really hope we make it! @Black Forest Games How about doing an AMAA at reddit.com? This helped many projects a lot! I already raised my pledge. Cannot do more than this, sorry. :( Good Morning BFG and all others... We came so far. Don't let us fail on the last miles... We are now absolutely able to reach the goal by our very own strength due to increasing the pledge. Sugesstion to BFG: If we have serious concerns until to morrow, lets calculate the average amount of money everybode needs to increase his pledge to reach the goal and please the Backers in an Update for that money as a final spurt... and keep in Mind, to tell them that it's important to higher (if possible) more than the average needed amount. Because we can't be sure, that evereybody increases ;) I'm sure there is not much to increase the pledge to reach the goal ;) ;) Ooh, that's right - there tends to be a slowdown for weekends. I forgot that microtrend! Yes, it slowed down yesterday. Hope it's just because it was sunday... Hang on! Thanks for all the informations to Florian and Chris Hülsbeck about the Project Giana Soundtrack and Game yesterday on Radio Paralax... Ok, hope you add today the second Game Option! ... This seems to have slowed down. Something happen? :( I agree with the others who said to get in touch with Total Biscuit. He has a lot of followers, and he often covers indie games. Whatever happens keep up the good work. Your demo proves that you have a game worth fighting for! <url>ülsbeck, that he should advertise Project Giana on his homepage huelsbeck (dot) com, on his Twitter account and Facebook page (several thousand friends and followers!)? Chris could also put Project Giana on his Turrican Soundtrack Kickstarter site! Many Turrican backers will see this and pledge for Giana too hopefully! Come on spread the news on Youtube, Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, everywhere! Plaster the whole internet with Project Giana! I want this to be funded for real! Good luck, lets make this happen guys! :) DAMN I'm scared that this won't be funded. Better show this to everyone I know... @Karsten Schilder: I have the same amount of Gems. Seems to be all of them? @Ivan Kodjabashev: Upped 2 vids. Level 1 with 281 gems: <url>"future" digital content relating to Giana or some more in-game goodies available for supporters only. A honorable credits entry wouldn't hurt too much either. I am rooting for you! Hope tomorrow comes Update 16 :) with new pledges :) played the demo, loved the crazy evelator part at the end of the second level :) @Karsten So the last ones are somewhere behind the exit? There are 430 crystals in second level ;) <url>ür das Projekt) schon jemand verlinkt? :-) Wenn nicht - hier isser... <url>ürlich dem Florian (Programmierer) mal gute Besserung... Und bin dann mal gespannt was die letzten 5 Tage noch an News kommt. hopefully the kickstarter will get atleast 150k so a basic version will see the light of day.. They can always add the rest and release the rest as DLC (the extra stuff they wanted to do if they got enough money) if/when the sales of the basic game has made enough money. @AndreGerstman: Will be listening to the show then tonight, thanks for the heads up. Enjoyed the video with Chris Hulsbeck too, great performance. Wonder what he was thinking while standing there on that stage ;) BTW: Congrats with the 120k! Yes it looks better now that the funding goal will be reached. And Black Forest Games make a lot to get more backers. Think that the German Scene Talk today evening will again bring some backers to the Project when someone from Black Forest Games and Chris Hülsback talk about the project :). Also the second Game Option is interesting. Cause it works good at many other kickstarter projects I have backed or back at the moment. I think it must not be 12 Hours but maybe two before and then until.... Chris Hülsbeck also made such a Live Show over webcam the last hours before his Kickstarter Project ended and a few hours after it with Online Chat Option. Would be totally great if this project will be funded cause the demo has a totally awesome 2D Gameplay, controls and Soundtrack. i think the playabitity is great like New Super Mario Bros only without Motion Controls (First missed them when making the helicopter jump :)) its nice to see so many people support this game, and it looks like the funding goal will be reached. actualy, if 2000 people who pledged $10 upped their pledge to $25 the funding goal is met. but I certainly will not tell people to up their pledge, I saw that with the spaceventure kickstarter - very impolite everybody backing this project is helping to make the world a bit nicer ;-) Well, looking good so far. $120,000 reached! Homestretch... @BFG: pump Florian full of antibiotics so he makes it through the next 5 days! When it hasn't reached the main goal till this time or is close to the streched goal, such a cam could be interesting, I think. Heute Abend 20 Uhr wohl auch jemand von Black Forest Games beim Scene Talk auf Radio Paralax unter www.radio-paralax.de/index1.html Da freue ich mich schon drauf. Chris Hülsbeck spricht dort heute Abend auch über Project Giana :) Auf der Seite auch das You Tube Video von der Gamescom wo er die Giana Sisters Theme spielt Wenn es auf Wine laufen würde das wäre super.... Und hoffe bald kommt eine 2 Spiel Option. Do you think, your Server/Connection can handle such a live cam? Greeting BFG people, just wanted to say that your demo is quite fantastic, the graphics are detailed, the game runs smoothly, the controls are very responsive, and the levels promise to be quite challenging. ;) I just have two minor criticisms : 1 - I'm sure you've already locked your gameplay, but it would've been great if Giana could actually dash & twirl in one single jump. But, it's still very playable so it's not that a big deal. 2 - Graphically speaking, I'm quite frustrated that we can't see Giana's face, when she stands still. Referring to Pikomi's beautiful drawings, she seems to have a cute face, so why not showing it a little in the game ? :) Anyway, I cross my fingers your project get funded in the end. Cheers and long live Kickstarter ! Livestream sounds fantastic. 12 hours appears quite long but... yea, I'd be interested. Campaign ends Friday night, right? Don't think I could watch the whole thing but would at least try to be there for the final hour(s). Over here the demo is running perfectly smooth on a 6-year old Windows 7 laptop. Funnily enough, only the DirectX 9 vrsion glitches somewhat in the graphics, the DirectX version is working smoothly. Having a great time! @BlackForestGames: Yes, I for one would love a webcam for those final hours. BTW: Almost 120.000 now.... with 5 days to go.... it should be possible! Got the demo up and running on my machine! (Had to disable Norton during the install to keep it from eating the installer.) Looks great and I'm enjoying the game! just wanted to say: i really hope this runs on linux - at least with wine. - don't have Windows, don't want Windows - please don't make me install it ;) @Kabraxis: of course there're options. i'll explain you --> <email> It's so close, don't stop spreading the word. According to kicktraq Giana is trending towards 92%, that's great. A few days ago it was at around 75%. @plinse: Is there a way that you can also create banner campaigns for other Kickstarter projects (or that even I can do it myself?) on onlinetvrecorder.com? There's Kickstarter project by one of my favorite game developer Ice-Pick Lodge (yep, those weird guys who made The Void and Pathologic) who could need some help and maybe (in a few days) I'd be willing to create something like you did for Project Giana... :) (couldnt find something like private messages, sorry :) ) I have played through level one and made a video of it and have spread the word via my blog. My video: <url>€). (-) Google Adwords: they dropped me three times (after a short working-time). :( i think, it's because i'm not the site-owner of the project- or the whole kickstarter-site? (+) Viral Advertising: comments and/or pictures on various (image)boards like 4chan.org are present at any time. A very very special thanks to backer @blaetti - he supported my banner-campaign yesterday with 10 Euros. So we can get 10000 viewers more. :) :) Hey, How much for just the game and a full color t-shirt? Would really love a punk Giana T but can't really afford the $250 tier! Love the demo lots. One suggestion on the controls- make jump a double-jump dependent on the character. Hitting it twice as blondie does the spin on the second press, hitting it twice as goth-punk does the fire-dash. And of course, keep the dedicated buttons for the moves as well. This, for me at least, would help eliminate the accidental switch between characters. Then again, I might just be clumsy with the buttons. :) Just upped my pledge from 25 to 60. Two reasons why: The demo is simply so good I REALLY like the design on that mousemat I would happily upgrade to a higher review tier and pledge up to 200 dollars if that got me the canvas. A shame it's exclusive to the 5000 dollars tier. Way out of my budget. I'm playing on XP using a core 2 Duo 2,1Ghz CPU, 2GB RAM and a Radeon HD 4870 with 512MB RAM. Outputting to my HDTV I am getting an almost perfectly fluid 60fps in 1080p. Very impressed since this is an unoptimized version of the game. And I am loving graphical style as well as gameplay. It's wonderful! @Johan: I'm using same graphics card with 1680x1050 on XP. I had to disable 2nd (1280max) screen. But the demo should work :) Wieder was neues von Chris Hülsbeck :) an Videomaterial. Dieses Mal Live von der Gamescom die Giana Sister Tune auf Radio Paralax im YouTube Video auf der Mainpage unter <url>ülsbeck playing the Giana Sisters Tune live at Gamescon wenn you go to <url>ässt, schaffen wir die 150k wirklich noch. Die 250k wären natürlich noch besser. 7 Level und ein Boss mehr. Cool wären so ein paar Bonuslevel nach dem "Endgame", die man freispielen kann. Wenn ich dran denke, was ich durchmachen musste, um bei NSMB Wii 5 Sterne und alle Bonusvideos zu bekommen, da ist der Schwierigkeitsgrad bisher noch sehr gemäßigt. Was mir bei Giana wirklich Freude macht, neben der Grafik, dem Sound und dem Leveldesign: Die Steuerung. Sehr sehr viele Plattformern fliegen bei mir raus, weil es sich für mich anfühlt, als würde ich einen Holzklotz steuern. Bei Giana ist hier wirklich eine erstklassige Arbeit geleistet wurden. Die Steuerung geht sehr gut von der Hand. Das macht für mich einen wirklich großen Teil des Spielspaßes und der großen Vorfreude auf das fertige Spiel aus. Ich wußte bei Level 1 nicht mehr nach dem langen Tunnel, wo ich oben auch kurz im Fels stecken geblieben bin, weiter. Da waren im Hintergrund so Äste nud eine Todeszone rechts. Ich glaub ich bin schon bisschen alt für so Spiele geworden. ;) (sorry bad english so i speak in german) Fast jedes mal wenn ich in den schmalen durchgängen mit den Eulen bin bleib ich in den Felsen stecken. Wahrscheinlich hab ich wirklich nicht viel Glück. @error404: Na, also da hast du wirklich besonders Unglück. Bisher liest man nur ganz vereinzelt über das Steckenbleiben, ich habe die Demo vier Mal ohne Steckenblieben durchgespielt, erst beim fünften Durchlauf hat es mich auch einmal erwischt. Das ist mir noch gar nicht aufgefallen, aber das weisse Gesicht ist schon extrem krass weiss. Aber die Kollisionskontrolle ist echt besch... Zu 80% schafft man es nicht mal bis zum Ende ohne irgendwo steckenzubleiben. @error404: Ich glaube das mit dem blassen Gesicht ist wohl der Style. Viel schlimmer finde ich, dass die Haare im Licht ausbrennen (Punky). Je nachdem, wie die Haare zur Lichtquelle sind, ist es nur noch eine einfarbige Fläche. Man erkennt keine Konturen mehr. Ja die Kollosionsabfrage wenn man von unten in die Felsten Springt und mit Pauerschub von unten dagegen dann kommt man nicht mehr aus dem Felsen raus (Level1). Hier muß die Kollisionabfrage bei den Felsen noch verbessert werden :) Toll das ihr über die Option eines zweiten Spiel Downloads für einen Freund nachdenkt. Den haben wie gesagt fast alle Spiele auf Kickstarter in drinnen. Zwei Dinge sind mir in der Demo extrem aufgefallen. Da ich mit Gamepad spiele, schaltet sich der Energiesparmodus von Windows 7 unter dem Spielen ein und beim "aufwecken" läuft das Spiel in einem Fenster. Das zweite ist das auffällig kreidebleiche Gesicht der Rothaarigen. Des weiteren nervig auffallend ist das "Steckenbleiben" in den Felsen. Einmal drin kommt man da so gut wie nicht mehr raus. Dann darf man komplett von vorne anfangen, da nichts gespeichert wird. Would be nice to hear Makkes Rasta Sisters with adopted Gianas and Rasta-World... @Ivan Kodjabashev, @BFG All the giana games before this one have death scenes, so it should be mandatory in this game too. It should just be possible for the impatient individuals to turn it off in the options or skip it by pressing fire, jump or the start button. Ever tried playing Rick Dangerous 2 on the amiga, or Giana Sisters on the Nintendo DS? It Should not deviate too much from that regarding death scenes, imho. Does the finished games have any weapons and other pickups aside from the shield? I'm thinking of being able to place or toss bombs (in limited quantities when found) and the mentos coke like the one in the DS version? @Ivan: keep in mind that this is a pre pre pre pre version. Which means that it sure as hell isnt optimised. So framerate losses are bound to happen. The idea of the demo right now is to show you the feel and look of the game. In that it surely hits the mark. If only we had this demo available at the start.. we would be close to stretchgoal 1 by now. @Stavros: hehe.. I am one of the lucky ones that has the $90 bucks packs with the gamepad. Apart from that I played the demo and man I am hooked.. I want this game! @Heppchen I for one, don't want any dying scenes. The faster I get back in action, the better!!! The jumping sound is cool. It reminds me of the Sonic one, so that's a plus for me. I could agree that the transparent diamonds sometimes are hard to be seen, but that can be part of the "find them all" experience. Aside from that, I would add that in full hd with all effects on max, at some places I have some very big FPS drops. I'm with GF550TI. Tried the demo. My Athlon 64 X2 Dual Core 3800+ with my GeForce 7600 GT is a little slow for this unoptimized demo. I set the gfx settings as low as possible not turning of anything though except anti aliasing. For those out thee who have no xinput device like me (Got a big ben usb controller), look on the net for x360ce (google project) and download the zipped App. Unpack the exe file into the Project Diana Demo directory and execute. It'll let you create an ini and a dll file which will emulate the controller. Through the nice UI you can set up your pad as an xinput controller. Conveniently it'll look up your controller on the internet to see if somebody else already set it up. Afterwards close the UI and start Project Giana Demo and enjoy! The demo is great, the levels are fun, the ghosts are a bit "hard". Got stuck in the wall twice. Managed the first time to get out again :) I transmitted the last one through the interface to you. My son (4) likes Punky Giana very much (fire effect). Keep up the good work. I would definitely want the final product. Hope the pledge goes through. Like somebody already said. if this Pace continues you might just make it. I even raised my pledge to get that nice mouse pad of yours :) 36'000 to go, whooo! At first demo didn't work in Wine, but then I applied the XP patch and tried running "GSGameExe_DX9.exe" directly instead of launching normally and then it worked :D Got stuck in a rock though, in the narrow downward slope with 2 owls... Fire-rolled on one of the owls while in the narrow space and got rocketed into the rock and couldn't get out haha. But that is to be expected of an alpha demo thing like this of course. Nice work :D Another suggestion regarding level design: I would not mind to have some linear and small in height levels like original Giana Sisters. I know Twirl and Dash could not be used much often then but it would increase the overall game speed. Jumping and finding Gems by jumping over 5 or more platforms vertically instead of jumping over several seas, tubes with jumping balls, etc. horizontally is ok but I'd love to see the horizontal performance :) @BFG: I completely agree with Stencel's controller suggestion: A=Jump X=Action RB=Action-Twist RL=Twist The most important change is to use the same key "X" for Twirl (Cute Giana) and Dash (Punk Giana). Thanks for the XP patch and the second screen hint :) I love the demo but I have some suggestions: - I don't like sounds on jumping (not dashing), it feels like a baby game, please turn if off or implement an option switch. - as someone posted the gems in grey are almost invisible, please change the colour - dying scene should be added - dying scene of opponents should take the weight into account, or add some animations. Current situation is that they just fall like 2D-bitmap paper Thanks a lot for your effort, "only" 37k missing :) I backed this game with a little bit money. My first time... On friday i have problems with the demo, but with the patch it works. Gruß aus Wien(greets from vienna)! On another note, could you tell us how many gems there in each of the demo levels? :D I'm curious if I found all... All we need is to keep the current momentum.... @BFG: Thank you! I'm looking forward to playing Giana! One side note: Norton Antivirus keeps eating my demo download file because it doesn't have a reputation in their system. I'm going to have to shut it off in order to install. @BFG: demo installed on my normal vista-pc. it's crashed after clicking "play". but don't worry, 9 of 10 steam-games doesn't like my system too. 8-) So i have two extra partitions for gaming (clean xp, clean vista) for this. i installed the demo into the vista-gaming system (10 of 10 steam games runs fine there). the demo CRASHED AGAIN. so i'm a little bit irritated. vista ultimate 32bit, 4gb ram, geforce gtx260, intel Q6600, all drivers up to date. Absolutly NO extra software installed (like AV, AnyDVD, etc.). Thats the crash-output ... ("Ausnahmecode" und "-Offset" are the same numbers on every crash) Produkt GSGameExe_DX9.exe Problem Funktioniert nicht mehr Datum 25.08.2012 12:59 Status Bericht gesendet Problemsignatur Problemereignisame: APPCRASH Anwendungsname: GSGameExe_DX9.exe Anwendungsversion: 0.0.0.0 Anwendungszeitstempel: 5036f446 Fehlermodulname: GSGameExe_DX9.exe Fehlermodulversion: 0.0.0.0 Fehlermodulzeitstempel: 5036f446 Ausnahmecode: c0000005 Ausnahmeoffset: 00001066 Betriebsystemversion: 6.0.6002.2.2.0.768.3 Gebietsschema-ID: 1031 Zusatzinformation 1: fd00 Zusatzinformation 2: ea6f5fe8924aaa756324d57f87834160 Zusatzinformation 3: fd00 Zusatzinformation 4: ea6f5fe8924aaa756324d57f87834160 @Kabraxis I actually didn't mind it that much. I mean if you're already done the difficult part once, It's not very fun to have to keep repeating it because you keep dying at a point further on. Just a way to artificially make the game harder/longer imo. Though maybe adding lives or something. Atm there is absolutely 0 consequence to dying. Then again I wouldn't mind if it stayed that way either. There's only so much penalty you can give in a 2D platformer and re-doing the level over and over gets more annoying than fun. TB wont listen to requests. The devs need to contact him. Hey there, I tried the demo yesterday. Plays perfectly, really looking forward to the final game. I had one "problem" with the demo though: You can't change the master volume of Windows with buttons on the keyboard while ingame - strange, never had that problem with any other game or application. Keep up the good work, guys! P.S. I just wrote a mail to TotalBiscuit suggesting to try out the demo aswell. I'm sure many others already did that - but another mail can't hurt now can it ;) Please make this kickstart work, absolutely loved the game on DS. Oh, by the way, will there be any penalties for dying in the final game? In Andres' video at 4:06 (<url>"bonus gems". The checkpoint reloads but he doesnt even have to try that part again (without dying). He simply still has the (bonus) gems. I think that doesnt really make sense...? Why is that dangerous (and challenging) situation even there if you can die and reload anyway? :D Is it just due to the demo? Doesn't really matter, just wondered if that will change. :) Oh and people, remember to "like" Andres' spanish youtube presentation for the game, even if like me you don't speak spanish ;) @Dablue: Meh! I am going broke... Just upping to 150 on here ;) Saw some remarks on the graphics or not running smoothly..but had no problem at all..not a single second of framedrop etc. PC: PhenomII X4 @ 4000mhz, 12GB RAM, HD 5770 Hawk and demo installed on a Sata3 SSD. . It looked beautifull! Die Demo is saugeil (in english: the demo is pig-****)! ;) Im Ernst, es wär ein Armutszeugnis für die Spieleindustrie, wenn sowas schönes, kreatives und spaßiges am Geld scheitern würde! Ich hab zuletzt (umgerechnet) über Hundert Euro für das allererste Half-Life (US-Import) bezahlt, aber das hier ist es definitiv wert! Das muss einfach klappen! PS: bin ich einfach nur zu alt, oder is die Demo stellenweise bockschwer?! Wie kriegt man denn den ersten großen blauen Kristall im zweiten Level?! Isch werd' bleeed hier! Mein armes Gamepad! ;) I *LOVE* the soundtrack! Intoxicating! Just read the comments seems a few people have already suggested contacting TB haha. Oh well doesn't hurt to mention it again. :D It seems ther's a kind of bug with the collision between Giana and some of the backgrounds. At a certain point in the first level, there's a little slope from left to right, a tight passage with a couple of demons/owls and a brick to be distruct by dashing. At the end of this passage i found myself trapped in the rock above: it was possible to walk, twril or dash *inside* the big rock, but no way to go back down neither to die. The same hapened in sthe econd level with one of the big thorns; but in that case i was able to exit from the top of it. Anyway, the demo is really big fun, last time i had similar feeling with a game it was Superfrog for Amiga! ^^ It would be great to have a lot of hidden passages, warp zones, bonus levels and extra costumes! ^^ You guys need to contact TotalBiscuit (YouTube channel TotalHalibut) and get him t do a 'WTF Is Project Giana' Would give a nice boost to donations. Or sales if he does it after the game's released. Well the momentum this is going is pretty solid atm. what is the (if applicable ofc) amount you got on paypal now? If you dont utilise this, I would advice to do this as well.. that usually can lift you over a stretchgoal etc. Hello, a question about the soundtrack $25 pledge: it says "... of the *original* soundtrack." That sounds like it's not the new soundtrack of this game but some older, previous soundtrack of Giana Sisters (not sure if there ever was one). So do I get some older soundtrack for the $25 pledge or the new one which is included in this game? 110k, hooray I came across this wonderful project just a few days ago and fell in love with it. The demo brings backs a lot of wonderful memories from my childhood. It's a shame that I can't contribute more money, but I hope you my pledge helps a tiny little bit. Keep up the great work guys and I keep my fingers crossed you'll reach the goal! Thank you! I don't have a PC, so hopefully OUYA will become reality. survey for what things people did add extra money* That's much better... Back in the days I used to be a big fan of Giana Sisters. Although the Amiga had better HW, the C64 version was the best, specially in terms of sound and game physics. I even made 7 altered versions with the help of the Expert Cartridge and sprite editor (I do not think you will have to find them anymore today). Hard and Heavy was never the sequel it was meant to be, and I think in many ways Turrican II was what Hard n Heavy should have been (Just look at how the game and you will see Giana and HardNHeavy references everywhere). I also got the new Giana for DS, very good game, but way to easy. Having played through the demo of Project Giana it is good to see a up to date, Giana game - it has evolved for the better, and could possible be the best Giana game yet, and I wish that it can become a reboot and new start of a series of games in the Giana Sisters universe(s). The game includes elements from the old Giana, but also has gameplay inspired by games like Sonic and Rayman - totally without compromising its own uniqueness. I also wish that there would be a level editor, to get more future content, but understand perfectly that this could be difficult, but maybe sometime in the future some dev tools could be available? I wish the team the best, and can not wait for the full game, would really wish you would reach your full-game stretch goal but I guess thats to much to ask when there is only 6 days left of the campaign. Even thought there will not be a lot of text in the game, if you plan to do localization, I can help with the norwegian version. Cheers! BFG doesn't need to manage that, the people do. BFG simply has to ask the right questions on the survey for what money did people add extra. - And a double game pack at $19 and double pack with costumes at $28? All getting to be confusing soon but nothing a rewardchard can't fix. I think that maybe a second game option at maybe 18$ giving a little discount could help make some of that 10$ backers go for the new tier. Andre comment about the mouse pad tier and plus 10 to have a second game is a good ideia. @BFG The guys from Planetary Annihilation for example simply wrote "just add $20 to your pledge and you will get an extra copy of the game regardless of which reward tier you picked" -> If you chose the $20 reward but pledged $40, you will get an extra copy. -> If you chose the $150 reward but pledged $170 you will get an extra copy. and so on. I don't know if this is an option for you because it will probably make it harder to manage all the pledges and rewards. But no one I know has a credit card (besides me, yep, no one, neither family nor friends.. but of course I didnt asked everybody in particular whether they have one or not :P). Anyway, it would certainly be nice to have an option to get a second game key for a friend. Tried to run it on Windows 8 - Release Preview... Build 8400. Didn't start. Neither in DX9 or DX11 mode. I really liked the demo. All in all it was rather polished for a demo. I think the coolest thing about the game is the transition between the worlds. That really baffles me. I did have some graphical bugs though. Running Win7, D9, NVidia Geforce 9800 GT. Every Nth frame it was like some object models were blowing up completely for just one frame. But was still playable. But I have to ask: Will there be more to the game than just running around and collecting gems? Will gems contribute to anything but score? Will they unlock something? Are there more game mechanics that will come up later in the game? Maybe I just can't imagine enough cool things you can do with twisting. :) Still am exited about the game and hope for a great soundtrack! Well I have made the last upgrade to my plaged, hope this goes, this game looks amazing and i can´t wait to play it soon. Best of luck with the last days And hope you think about a second game Option like most of the other new big Kickstarter Videogame Projects have. For me a good option would be $70 for the mouse Pad Option and a second Game Download and a normal only 2 Game Option for maybe $20. Cause think there are many that don`t want to pay over Internet... I love the demo, it really kicked my ass a couple of times because I dont have a controler tho. But the funding of Giana will solve that! @Stavros: Heyyyy.. its my greek friend.. I thought you fell off the radar.. How are you? SUPER ! Jetzt noch n neues Turrican 2 XD und ich freu mir n ELCH ! Sorry. This is the link: <url>".\LibraryWrapper\XAudio2\SBXAudio2LibraryWrapper.cpp::SBXAudio2LibraryWrapper::Initialize(103) Failed to init XAudio2 engine: 0X80040154" Been following this for awhile and finally decided to be a backer. a nice job on the demo but Sergey is right. Hope there's a final push from you the final 3 days. I'll maybe upgrade my pledge to receive the mini giana sisters figurine but not sure yet. University is right around the corner and quite expensive. xP There should be some final push from you guys. 45k isn't some small amount. I just backed since I want this game to be finished. With just under $44K, and 7 days to go, I believe the goal of $150K will be met. OH YEAH!!! Demo works just fine on my rig, btw. Phenom II X6 1090T GTX 470 @mgoe That's good news. Unfortunately I cannot check the XP patch out before sunday. With the patch, did only the DX9 version run or even the DX10-11 version? @karlchen Of course there is no guarantee that it will work under wine, but I am quite confident that it will work somehow eventually. I had some good experiences lately with recent wine version and propriatery AMD driver. Anyway, backers are coming and pledge is rising, just awesome! And what do you think about adding a second Game Download for friends as a new option? Demo works great on my Edge HD3 PC :) on my 50" Plasma! Superb! Hey BFG! You are awesome. It's so beautiful to make suggestions and get some serious feedback and the feeling that your voice is heard. I think this is another very important benefit of Kickstarter-Projekts. The open, constructive dialogue between the fans and the devs. No marketing noob talking some politics inbetween ;) ;) @spektrum: this is a cool idea... but i guess it will be hard at the moment. you need at least stable dx9 support to have some minimal chance on wine. Maybe installing "PlayOnLinux" could help you (if you don't have it already) for better testing cases (in special trying different wine-versions on the fly)... guess this would be an epic win, if there will be some success ;) If you are a pro (I'm sorry, i'm not) you can make suggestions to bfg what to whatch at, that wine have no problems... this could be a very easy way playing giana as a windows-version on linux ;) ;) But i think it's more a dream, unfortunatelly... Unfortunately due to the new Broken Sword project I will leave my pledge at a token level. The demo convinced me that while Giana is a game that looks great, it does so when other people are playing it. Adventure games just happen to be more my thing than platformers. I still want this game to succeed, so changed my picture to show my support. @spektrum: Had the same problem. Using the XP Patch, it now works nicely for me with wine 1.5.6 :) Hey Black Forest team, show your demo to the <url>"shadow" and No is a connector, similar to "of", but used differently. As you can see the translation is kind of odd there as a result. @KageNoOni: it was a player group in Champions Online, one of the more active members used the same name as you. So had to check whether you are the person I was seeing online every day for a year :) Never explained the KageNo bit, though I knew what an an Oni is. thanks for the explanation :) Would be nice to have the original C64 music as an additional reward for the soundtrack pledge. The demo just crashes at start. Using XP - Core2duo 2.93Ghz - Radeon HD6580 with newest graphics drivers. @Stavros It's a japanese phrase that can have a few meanings. I intend it to mean "Demon of Shadow", but technically, Oni can also refer to monsters, goblins, evil spirits, and a few other things. Just out of curiousity, are Zombats an enemy from a game you've played, or based on similar words in another language? 7 more days you can do it! Nebenbei habt ihr schon versucht mehr Unterstützung dadurch zu erreichen größe Communities direkt anzusprechen wie z.B das justnetwork, gameinformer, etc? Playe the demo now. YEA! That's very very nice! Maybe an Option for customizing (pad)Controls would be nice. Something like one button for punk/cute and another you have to press at the same time to differentiate could be help to ease some complicated moves. But this is clearly a matter of personal tast. Very good work BFG! And the Soundtrack is extraordinary good! the demo surely will boost backer support Demo is great and I hope that there will be enough backers. But did you ever think about a 3d-vision-support? Most of the two level work fine but there are some Problems like the water and the gems (What is the biggest issue) with playing Giana on 3d-Vison. This game looks so damn good! I hope the backing is successful! Are you using XP? The Alpha just crashes on my PC :-( Started the download now. Can't wait but guess I'll have to till it finishes downloading ;) Shame I don't have a controller :( @KageNoOni: That name of yours. It makes me think of bats, Zombats... @DaBlue: you got Root of All Evil and Deadstate funded, work your magic here! (Zombie giraffes would help as well). Read that Email this morning and was all :D Started the download and finished reading the email, got to the part about not working in XP yet and was all :( Seeing that the Kickstarter has surpassed the 100k mark made up for it tho ^.^ I loved the demo. Now my fears about how the game transitions (bad<>good Giana) would affect gameplay are gone. It feels and works great, fast and smooth, without any complications with the controls. Absolutely nothing to complain. This will get funded, i don't doubt it. I liked the demo. Had some bugs with being stuck inside walls after dashing enemies, but that already has been reported on the forums. I would like the option to implement the twirl as a double jump in terms of controls: so if you press jump while being in air, twirl should be triggered. Would feel much more convenient :) Good Luck! lets make sure we keep it.. Demo ist super aber crasht momentan noch böse meinen Rechner ;-) win7/x64 irgendwann nach etwa 1 Minute spielen heruntergefahren... Wird schon, sieht auf jeden Fall super aus. We're gaining more and more momentum. There are the first positive comments on Gamestar-Demo-News... hope this will result in even more backers... I raised my pledge as well and the demo is on it's way to my harddrive! Wäre doch gelacht, wenn wir die fehlenden $49.000 nicht noch in einer Woche zusammenbekommen ;-)... @BFG Just tried the demo, and it looks and plays just right. ;) The death scene and sound of the player should be improved, so the girl falls out of the screen, partially towards the player - with a startled expression on the face and a high-pitched squeal like in the NDS version. One bit that worries me, is that you make heavy use of third party middleware - that may make the process of porting the game to other platforms impossible due to licencing issues. Just look at what happened with the promised linux port of UT3, that Icculus were working on. You might have made a potential stumble block, but i certainly do not hope that you repeat that blunder that Epic Games made. While I am waiting for the download, you need to get those demos on the main page. In big letters. And neon. What I mean is, you need to make it so it is SUPER EASY to get the demo, so more people can play, then pay. Without having played the demo levels yet, I was wondering if there are any plans to implement as well the original levels of Great Giana Sisters as kind of a bonus or so, just for the sake of good old times? Would be fun to play the old levels again with the new technology. Apart from that congrats to the $1k! Throughout the demo I found that I kept dying from the hazardous vines/mushrooms. They seem to blend into the environment too much for me to recognize them on first glance. I'd make them a bit more obvious. Also, for a first level, there were some sections with very little room for error, with absolutely perfect timing required, such as the moving water segments. I'd add a little more time for these sections, as it is only the first level. Other than those complaints, the game, in this beta form, feels very solid. I can't wait to play the polished product, as I am a platforming junkie. OK, i just reaised my pledge from 25 to 60 (jewel edition). Whatd o I have to do if I want the extra costumes? I'm also trying to download the demo, but it seems to be damn slow! Is there something i should do to improve my DL speed? I like. I like a lot. Have to get the controller up and running tomorrow and give it a spin too! I like the demo, but i would suggest a change in the Gamepad-Mapping. Instead of giving "twirl" and "dash" different Buttons, i would prefer one action-button which is context sensitive. So that you do a twirl as Blondie, and a dash as Punk with the same button. And to achieve that, you make also a button, action-twist, so you can twist+twirl in the air as punk, or twist+dash in the air as Blondie. Would feel more intuitive in my eyes. A=Jump X=Action RB=Action-Twist RL=Twist It would be nice too, if you could trigger at least one action-chain, which means to allow 2 Actiontwists during airtime instead of one, i always wanted to trigger such thing, it felt not right that the game didn't allow it, but that is just a personal preference. Whatever, nice work, can't wait for the final product. Wie ist es mit Kindergrößen bei dem T-Shirt ? :-) The demo works - if a bit slow and clunky - on a laptop with intel hd graphics 3000 chipset. In 1920x1200 with everything on. It works flawlessly if you actually have a proper graphics card. Well done so far! too bad, i can't play the demo, it's not working for me. I'm waiting for the finish game. Great jobs guys, 100K ! ah seh schon naja egal... Can check the demo today later after work! But hope Black Forest thinks about an option to pledge on 2 Games like other kickstarter Projects do like Mercenary Kings and the alreay pledged Carmageddon. I think this Option will again help you cause not everyone wants to back over the internet and so I could back for a friend also. @Thomas: das Gamepad ist nur bei dem (ausverkauften) $90 Paket dabei. @topic: actually 1 Site is listened at google news, that Reports about the Demo. arrrrgh .... X-). copy & paste it in your favorite p2p-software (like vuze: file/open/magnet). swarm-speed around 5mbit and hopefully more). Demo-File: i've created a torrent-file with 4 open trackers. that's the magnet-link magnet:?xt=urn:btih:6X77ZFSCZOBFSBMV3HK2OYIHWFOSTVVG&dn=ProjectGiana_Demo_Installer.exe&tr=udp%3A%2F%2Ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3A80 i hope, the comment-box doesn't break the string ... So, upgrade auf $100 :-) Wollte ohnehin schon immer ein Gamepad haben von daher kann ich da sauch hier kombinieren ;-) just played the demo. you can choose to use only 1 sounstrack ! with this, I hope I will not go crazy from the changing from punk to cute Giana. very pleased to see this. upped my pledge. looks like this project may exceed €150k in a week time... Gratuliere Jungs, wen Ihr Wetter so am Ball bleibt, wird's trotz aller anfänglicher startschwierigkeiten doch noch was - hurraaaaaaa! :) Nach den neuen Erläuterungen bin ich etwas verwirrt. Ist in der Jevel Edition jetzt das schicke Jevel Case oder die weniger schöne Amaray Box? @BFG: you setup the torrent-file/magnet-link? or should i ?-) Did some very easy (hope I had no typo's) calculations. If all people who spent less than 50$ (me included) spent only 16$ more in relation to what they already have pledged, we have a win! It lowers it to 14$ if All people raise their pledge. Of course these are everage values!!! If you raise, you should raise more than the average!!!! You CAN'T assume, that everybody raises its pledge! So you have to back this losses ;) But with this small calculation the goal seems even more reachable! hope you get there i pledge $150 100K!!!! Yes... hope this is just the beginning of further pledges... @McKenzie: Every $ counts! Thanks! @All: spread the word and make advertises to the demo! This project must be successful! 100.000!!! C'mon guys!! Could only pledge $20, That was all I had left on my prepaid card. :( I really hope Project Giana get's published. :D Yay for 100k ! Yay... $100k mark reached.. AND playable levels. this day went from good to better. Upped from $25 to $150. See? We really want this game! :) German IT magazine heise featured a nice article yesterday: <url>ülsbeck's tracks). Since players will experience these changes extremely often, you'll need to take a lot of care that the permanent changing won't get annoying. A longer crossfade between soundtracks and some loudness adjustment might do the trick. Maybe allow players to (alternatively) restrict the game to using one of the 2 soundtracks if they prefer. Other than that, I like what I see. An explosive blast from the past :-) Upgraded to the $150 level, every bit helps i hope. I don't get why this project hasn't got more backers than it has. Kick ass music and the gameplay i've seen looks really good. I hope it will pick up steam the last week. And upped my pledge to push us over the 93k mark. 57k to go. We just need a couple of good days.... So I've to upgrade to the $99 pack to get Jevel Case and mousepad? Finally we're picking up some steam... (pun intended) This will be hard 8 days but I think you will make it in the end! $92k ! wow.. very good. Lets keep up the momentum. And Chris Hülsbeck talks about Project Giana on <url>ülsbeck spricht über Project Giana auf <url>önnen alle auch denke wieder per Chat Fragen stellen jedenfalls hoffe ich das mal :) Yep... Great that the video is now viewable for all also new backers :) I hope this helps now this great Kickstarter Project and also hope that Chris Hülsbeck talk about Project Giana on Radio Paralax also helps this project :) The Only think in the video thats missing are a few words from Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy :) Chris Huelsbeck and Machinae Supremacy are reason enough to back this project. Makes me reminiscent of Turrican ^_^ Getting an intriguing platformer along with the package is a nice bonus! :P Looking better and better, 92k already. - Steam can be DRM free and it will generate more money for BFG then when they would not sell it there. Just a fact. I'd rather have it on Steam aswell myself. After playing the original game for many, many hours more than 20 years ago on my Amiga, I think it is time to let Giana, and of course some part of the childhood, return to our screens! OK, www.heise.de seems back online :) @people_who_want_shirts: I've been told in different project that shirt production is cheap and a supporters shop does not make really sense. You would need to produce several designs and sizes plus ship costs. Moreover everyone can create his own shirt for 10 bucks in copy shops with self-selected shirt of quality. Only requirement from BFG would be high resolution of images or ideally downloadable designs :) I wish there was a cheap shirt, or shirt addon option.. I went for the 150$ pledge in a heartbeat as soon as I saw it. But another 100$ to get in on the shirt is something that my wallet's consciousness doesn't allow me to do... :) Maybe if you can find some service to produce them more cost efficiently and offer them here for say ~25-30$ pricerange, I'm sure you could create a lot of interest. (Well keep shipping and such in mind , you still have to gain after all and not work with a loss! :) ) Gogo giana! LOL, best German computer news page www.heise.de seems to be down, this is usually not possible at all :) Too many people want to read their news about this project :) @karlchen Dont worry, i may sound a bit blunt from time to time aswell, since my english is not native either. ;) Everytime software get subscribed to through steam, or sold through windows store, Valve and Microsoft claim their share. For BFG to get most profit, it makes sense to distribute the game themselves, as a digital download. Is it possible to get the meet the team video to the Main Page, this would help the project I think cause its a very good video :). Still 8 days to go and such a video would be great to get more people support this project! oh.. a small addition. Of course it have not to be Steam!! DRM-Free native on Linux would be really great (and IMHO better). It was just an Idea (in brainstorming matter). And I'm not sure If there is maybe an Option to sell DRM-Free in Steam. This could be a compromise. They have an indie and F2P - Area implemented and maybe they will do something for OSS-Games in the future. So why not could it eventually possible to distribute DRM-Free on Steam?! Just another Idea! Not more, not less @BFG: Considered golem.de for some Demo's? It's the place for nerds and enthusiasts ;) Maybe one more goalgetter ;) @OleEitels: I'm quite clear about the Steam heaven'n hell scenario. And I'm fine with linux since 1999. I know about the (Anti and Pro) DRM-Scene and the oss purists. Steam is one of the most discussed distribution-platforms. My experience for years is, that the oss purists are as wrong as the "all have to be closed and licensed" guys. The truth ist in the midth I guess. Sure (and I agree heaviely!) steam is has some very nasty features in the DRM and reseller-area. But it seem's at the very moment (and the growing Free 2 Play - Hell) the best compromise between what the industrie believes is necessary to sell a product and the users who whant fair prices and offers with a wide variety of TOP Titles. And this is a example where the Industrie and the OSS-(Linux)-Fans have to learn, that the true and great brakethrough only can happen if we work TOGETHER... puh... I hope I could translate what I mean. My english is very out of practice. Sorry for that!... :-( If you introduce DRM in a Kickstarter project, you'll fail, even if you offer DRM and DRM-free versions. The current Kicktraq report looks much better now. If the current pledge amount continues until the end, the project will get 135k. And once the demo is out for us as 25$-and-higher backer, the goal should be reached. Last weekend I installed Win8 90days trial and referring to same October release month of Project Giana and Windows 8 in stores, I suggest to publish Giana within Windows Store :) Current games are "only" Mahjongg, Minesweeper, Solitaire, Armed (RTS), Fever Air Soccer, Flow (simple puzzle), Pinball, Cut The Rope and no Jump'n'Run at all. And from the revenue in Windows Store you can finance a Linux version plus OUYA etc. :) @karlchen That is kinda like a heaven and hell scenario. Heaven, because new entertainment software becomes available on the platform, Hell, because it is bogged down by DRM, mandatory activations, and is a software-in-a-service solution. Steam is not needed. With an unofficial patch *cough*, most steam-only software is able to run just fine without that pesky client. The only right thing to do, is to make the software available both with and without DRM, on all platforms. I very much prefer my linux and windows software unshackled, without any steam shenanigans, thank you ;) I can't stand all these people saying "Oh noes, Giana will not make it". Pessimists everywhere. C'mon guys, they just sent out demos "to some selected games-press" and the public demo will be out soon. Furthermore there are new rewards incoming. Project Giana WILL make it. Pledge upped to $150. This game looks great, it needs to be funded! Somebody pushed the right buttons yesterday: 227 new pledgers @ $7089, and for the first time in a long period, a rising trend. But we are not out of the wood errr... forest yet. Whatever you are doing, please continue doing it! The pledges are coming in, but it's not going to make it. Announce a Linux version, just do it - take a hit later on the porting costs - outsource it if necessary. Would have helped though if it were announced earlier. Hello again! I would be pleased if there will come a nativ Linux-Version too! Maybe this is a train you can jump on: <url>üße und ich drück euch die Dauemen. Sobald ich abschätzen kann, wieviel mir noch zum Monatsende bleibt, werde ich auch den Pledge noch erhöhen... Didnt think this game would make its goal.... seems many kickstarter games are not making it.. +1 for a native Linux version @Kabraxis: last day was a good day compared to the days before. If we can reach $100k within the next 2 days... its pretty doable! @Thechosenone: oh come on.. you know you want to ;p @Tiago: Yeah id pay for the spunky one lol @maddoxman: It's not looking too bad. ;) Tell your friends about it, spread the word. Damnit.... I just discovered this. It's kinda looking bad atm. :( I will tell all people i know about this project ! Thanks. Can't wait for the first playable demo. Hope I can enjoy it with Dualshock3 controller. @TheChosenOne Threehundred doubled pledge....?? Hey, BFG, for the sake of this project, PLEASE get that man what he wants! Pikomi, where are you ?! .....LOL! Sorry. I mean a picture as advertisment for the funding here. Is there a picture, that I can use as signature in a forum? Do NOT offer a sexy artwork/print/poster! I will not threehunderd double my pledge for that! I will not! Not at all! Never! Not gonna happen! @Tiago Albuquerque That is not impossible, since Pikomi is quite good at painting naughty stuff, hehe.. Check his homepage - www.pikomi.de @Dablue Giana Strippers?? LOL Thanks to the news at heise.de, we won about 1.5K by 60 backers in the last two hours already… :-) ahhh thank god the amount is rising slowly but steadily.. come on Giana sisters.. go dance for money or something.. anything to get the $150k mark. @Ole Thanks for the hint. I was aware of the remake, though, but I never played it so far, as I am exclusively using Linux for the last couple of years. But recently I started a bit of casual gaming again (Legend of Grimrock, Fallout from GOG, etc.) and have really good experience under the latest Wine version, so I should definitely give Hurrican a try. @Wei-ju Wu I would also like a native Linux version, but I still pledged for Giana and hope it will work under Wine (please @BFG, would be cool if you could at least roughly test that) $40 tier is a great value for money package. Suprised to see so little $10 backers jumping on it/pleding up in general. Think a good update (not solely for that, just as an added paragraph) could shake them awake. I'm still waiting for the right moment. ;) Ok I really want this project to succeed. So I've upped my pledge to the $25 tier. I think others of you might consider the same. You know a lot of work has already gone into the game. One of the few teams who has a long history of delivering a game in time! Watching the team vid, did anyone else get the impression that the dev team has taken over a high school or something? (^_^)v . That smooth switching in game is really slick! And I think it's funny that the original was like Mario but the current is more like Sonic. Good luck on the KS! Oh I would love to see a Turrican remake! I definetly would back that too ;). I like the Idea! @spektrum Thanks for the link! @Ole But lets get this Project finished first! @BFG Have you sent a demo to <url>´d even say that a lot of people that played the original Gianna Sisters back in the days read the articles there. But probably you already sent them the demo ;). I so hope this gets funded! And btw. Yay T-shirts and stuff, finally! Dear.. dear pledgeamount....... go up .. please.. I beg of you. @Wei-ju Wu If you are proficient with compiling software for other OS'es, you can give the Hurrican source a try. It Is a complete package with assets and editor: <url>"- We already sent out the demo to some selected games-press and preparing everything for the public release." @spektrum If you haven't, you should give Hurrican a try: <url>"retro computers" pages when the webserver cache refreshes. @Plinse: Now you mention it.. my math was a bit off wasnt it? 2/3 way... /PANIC! @Dablue: Half-way? it's more a 2/3-way with 50% of money. We all can see the problem now. time is running out. And yes, the $10 pledge is planed to low, i think too. Hopefully the demo can heavy increase the pledge-amount. The banner-campaign on the onlinetvrecorder.com - site has generated 5000 site-views since 1 1/2 days. thats not to bad. the google-adwords-project runs a half day, google needs the whole day to start my advertising. but it's look fine now. The old and known problem: insufficient time. :-/ Hi, you asked to much and you started too low. 10$ for a copy, you should have asked for 20 or 30 and so on. Hopefully some more rich backers show up in the last few days and the game still happens. Thumbs up to the Sisters. @BFG: Half-way there and 50% to go. This is the moment of truth. (and also the 10 days after this... quite alot of moments still..) @Ole Eitels: Yes, the demo needs to be available on Friday at the very latest, Thursday 3pm GMT+1 would be perfect. Just to notify and reach all people still on Friday so that everyone has s.th. to play at the weekend ;) Of course, non-business contacts can still be notified at the weekend by using everything what's allowed ;) @Kabraxis: gametrailers.com is a very good idea. Especially after Gamescom fluctuation so that Giana's trailer would stay on top some time longer :) Music switching is part of it. Makes it special. Just give an option to keep it or only A or only B. @BFG: I think the reddit link should get it's own update to make people upvote it. :) But it's at +9, a good beginning. @Jeroen: There will probably be an option to turn the music switching off or something. BFG commented on that already, shouldn't be a problem. :) Congrats on the halfway! :) ah good, halfway funded for the finished game. still... this kickstarter need to increase its rate of funding (kicktraq projectory not looking good) I myself did not find the gameplay video : <url>"Publishers/Developers If you have questions about the site or a piece of media that you would like included on gametrailers.com, we would love to hear from you. Send us an email at: <email>" @Plinse: Thanks to you I now know what Adwords is =) Thnx alot for your idea and teaching me Google has more to offer then maps and a search engine =)) Well, i'm in "advertising-mood". X-) I spend some more (real) money today and start a "AdWords"-Campaign.Maybe it helps (11 days left)? I would love to pledge for a t-shirt, but 250 is way too far out for a poor guy like me <url>üglich neuer Pledges geplant? Ohne solche wird's meiner Meinung nach nichts mehr werden... Hoffe Ihr reagiert hier noch rechtzeitig! @BFG: please tell me you got something up your sleeves? 11 days and not half way, makes me want to pull out my hairs (and i have about 3 left) @TCO: What kind of work you do? Repairman in hel? With some bad luck I have to work in 40-80 degrees (C!) tomorrow. Not to long though else I'll pass out. :P 36 deg C here Adrian, I feel your pain ;((( @Black Forest Games: okay, no answer to me in this thread ... <url>#comments So i think, my cropped banner-version must be enough. This minute i started a new banner-campaign on the otr-site. i calculate 5000 new site visitors to the "Project Giana"-Site. Hopefully 0,1% are new backers. I would add that to a $50 tier level. Something to make the ~1500 backers at the first pledge level up their pledge. A lot to be gained there. @Black Forest Games: How about adding additional pledge levels for getting credited in the game ? Something like a special thanks credit accessible from the main menu. Maybe a $200 level for a special thanks with the backer's name and $500 for a very special thanks (with big font/another color). I think that could be a great opportunity for existing backers to spend some extra money for this unique opportunity. I did see a big guy in black being arrested for stalking on the GamesCom. Come on Blackforrest *cracks the whip*.. get us to 50%.. come on man... 50% *kaching!* @Andre: Nice interview. Shame that it wasnt solely about Giana =( Yep, interview was fantastic, thanks for the link. :) @Andre: Thanks for the link to the interview. It's really great. I took the opportunity and added some links :) Chris Hülbeck says something about this project .Sorry only a german Interview but good one Chris Hülsbeck spricht kurz über Project Giana: <url>ängt und Feedback aufnehmt. Hammer! Sowas würde man sich öfters wünschen. Ich werd ziemlich sicher mein pledge erhöhen... Ich hatte noch ne Idee... vielleicht hilfts ja auch mal bei den örtlichen Banken die Klinke zu putzen ;) Vielleicht möchten die ja ein bischen Sponsern oder sonst wie unterstützen... die haben oftmals ein Budget/Handlungsspielräume für Regionale Förderung. Gerade Volksbanken und Sparkassen (Stichwort "öffentlicher Auftrag")... war einfach mal so ein Einfall... Ich drück euch weiterhin die Daumen!!!! Haut rein! Ach ja. Was mir pers. extrem am Herzen läge: Es hat mich schon extrem elektrisiert als Valve eine Linux-Steam-Version ankündigte (sofort ne SSD geschossen und eine potente Linux-Gaming-Machine hochgezogen). Vielleicht könnt ihr euch da (evtl. auch erst im "Nachgang") ja mit drann hängen ;) @BFG: Behind the scenes stuff allways works. When you see the people that are busting their asses to bring you the game you want to play and see their faces... now for me personally that makes me want to root for them even more.. (unless they show footage of people slacking off... then I want to go into "whip" mode.) Some Behind The Scenes stuff would be nice... who's responsible for which features in the game... why did you decide to make a platformer, a Giana game (it's somewhat answered on the home page, I know, but hearing a creator talk about it makes it... as others said... more personal. And I guess feeling connected to the company one is supporting is important on Kickstarter. At least I am rather backing projects where the team behind it is answering questions and is updating their project than... well, doing nothing. Feels good to see developers being really excited about their own projects and communicating with their fans. It's something that you most often don't get when there's a publisher. @BFG yes please Hey BFG, It would be awesome too see all crafting hands of the BFG owls :D Makes me feel more connected to your team and project. I think this videos make the Kickstarter Projects more interesting for a lot of people. And yes its great to hear more from the persons behind Black Forest Games and the Giana Team. And think it would also help this project if Chris Hülsbeck and or Machinae Supremacy says also something about their work on the project. Mercenary Kings zb läuft super auf Kickstarter. Sind ja auch durch 1 gutes Spiel bekannter. Gut meine das schlägt in die Metal Slug Ecke aber die haben auch so ein Video zb aufgenommen. Chris Hülsbeck selber ja auch immer. Und eigentlich alle Projekte die ich bisher gebackt haber außer Redux hatten so coole Videos... So was fällt dann doch auf. @BFG: It seems I've missed update #2, maybe others as well? Amazing level design :) Can you please add a link to that walkthrough video of one level on Home tab? Please don't forget to add a spoiler note ;) Thx <url>önnten ein paar mehr Videos sein. Ich war gerade auf der Hülsbeck-Seite, und da gibt es keine Project:Giana-News :( Die Jungs von Machinae Supremacy haben es als News schön integriert, thumbs up :) Main comment in English: Can someone sends a reminder to Chris Hülsbeck for adding Project:Giana kickstarter info to his web site? OK, I just saw that he already shouted it via Twitter, but a news on his web site would be also helpful. Wenn ich mir so die anderen Kickstarter Projecte anschaue sind es immer die Firmenchefs oder Personen die so ein Video aufnehmen und über die Geschichte des Spiels sprechen wann Kickstarter usw... Hier könnten dann auch Chris Hülbeck oder Machinae Supremacy vielleicht ein paar Worte sagen. Warum macht ihr nicht auch so ein Video? Ansonsten sind wir bald bei der Hälfte und hoffe das Projekt wird Realität. My last comment was for Cliffhanger Productions ofcourse. :P Servus ihr "Schwarzwälder" ;) diesmal auch in Deutsch... Ich guck hier bald täglich rein. Hoffe so, dass Ihr das packt. Wir brauchen wieder vernünftige Jump 'n Runs. Ich bin über Gamestar auf euch (Neuer Name und das Projekt hier) gestossen. Die Idee evtl. nochmal für Medienecho durch "Vorabversionen" zu sorgen ist genial. Stelle mir das aber in 15 Tagen und während der Gamescom als schwierig vor (weil die Magazine eh schon am dauerberichten sind und die gamer überschwemmt werden). Ich hoffe es klappt trotzdem. Gibt es eigentlich eine Möglichkeit die Dauer um ein paar Tage zu erhöhen? Hintergrund ist, dass da grad Monatswechesel ist und die Löhne kommen... so von wegen "doch noch pledgen" oder den Pledge erhöhen ;) Viele Grüße aus der Nördlichen Umgebung von Freiburg ;) und vieeeeeeel Glück weiterhin!!!! Morgen Leute! Ich muss sagen, Euer Engagegement ist echt klasse und ich hoffe sehr, dass sich das in wahrsten Sinne des Wortes auch auszahlt. Ich würde aber nicht darauf vertrauen, dass am Ende genügend Backer ihren Pledge erhöhen. Habe schon viele Projekte beobachtet und dieser Effekt kann die abnehmende Neuspenderanzahl zum Ende hin höchstens kompensieren - fest damit rechnen, würde ich aber nicht. Von daher bleibt meine Empfehlung, ein paar zusätzliche Pledges zu generieren. Wie schon geschrieben, macht doch eine Special Edition mit 3-4 Zusatzlevels oder einem Editor. Auch wäre eine limitierte durchnummerierte Sonderedition toll gewesen - das hätte sich für die Collectors Edition angeboten oder aber für eine spezielle Version der ihr einer der beiden Giana's als Kunsstofffigur beifügt. Da ich davon ausgehe, dass das Spiel nach Erstellung (verständlicherweise) weiter kommerzialisiert werden soll, wäre es toll, wenn Kickstarter endlich auch einen Investoren-Pledge im Sinne von "zahle 10.000 Euro und bekomm 3 Prozent der späteren Einnahmen" ermöglicht. Das würde Kickstarter zwar mehr kommerzialisieren, aber auch ganz andere Möglichkeiten eröffnen. Aber zurück zum Thema - Limitierung ist immer etwas das zieht und auch Individualisierung - ein paar Pledges in der Richtung bringen sicher sehr viel. Also - daher mal ganz konkrete Vorschläge: eine Special Edition für 25 Dollar und alle Pledges darüber mit 3 Zusatzlevels, einem Cheatmenü und Möglichkeiten seine Giana etwas zu individualisieren. Wenn Ihr es hinbekommt wäre ein Editor noch super, weiß aber, dass der aufwändig ist. Dann die Collectors Edition durchnummerieren und begrenzen (auf 100?) und darüber noch eine ebenfalls limitierte Version mit großer Giana Figur anbieten. Wenn Chris sich zudem bereits erklärte, die Soundtrack CD zu signieren, wird das auch noch einige hochziehen. Ich weiß, dass Ihr das nicht 1:1 umsetzen könnt und werdet, aber vielleicht inspiriert es Euch ja ein wenig. ;) LG Euer iFreak Morning Adrian, very insightfull post. Whats the name of your kid? - To answer your question. My GF and I got 2 kittens last thursday. Hahaha.. I shouldnt have to explain more. Ive had more excersise and have been running after more kittens then is good for a person =) I've been trying to push the project to everyone I know. (They must be getting mighty sick of me by now hehe) If we didnt get the kittens now I probably would be a GC as well. Allways wanted to go there and its relatively closeby. Ahhh shit one of the kittens just found out she can kick around one of my collectables. Don't forget to do a shoutout via an official update when the project nears its end. That will surely secure the funding. We've pledged too. Good luck with the campaign!! <url>ÜLSBECK :) Hope this game gets the needed 150000. Great Game, Great Soundtrack, Early Relese Date in a few month, Great Soundtrack CD :). Still 16 Days to go to get the best PC Jump N Runs since Years :) Stian, just pledge as much as you can, then help spread the word. My limited internet circle isn't all that amazing, but I'm trying to spread the word as best as I can. I must admit that I don't care about the Windows version of this game, so I am mostly backing it to help it reach 300k, so it will be made for Ouya, even though my pledge doesn't help all that much. :/ I put this on Facebook to my page which has about 1200 gamers... hopefuly some will click through and back Giana. Very, VERY impressive game!! It's strange why it not backed already. Maybe need more PR and info on gamesites? Added info to my facebook (so my girlfriend make this too - she really fall in love to this game) Hope it will be funded! Looking forward to the Demo version. I am sure this will also be a key element to attract more backers. Hallo Leute, schickt doch mal Vorabversionen an die gängigen Spielemagazine und -webzines, damit die vielleicht noch für etwas mehr Publicity sorgen, wenn sie über Project Giana berichten möchten! One idea from my side: add a pledge for a special extended version with a level editor, some bonus levels or a cheating menu and offer that for maybe 20 Dollar. I'm sure a lot of the low level backers will make an upgrade. All pledge levels above 20 Dollar should naturally get the extended Version. Thanks for the great twist idea :) A 2D platformer with Chris Hülsbeck plus Machinae Supremacy plus the genius twist is really awesome, chapeau :) Giana Sisters and Pandemonium are my all time favs (due to the lack of 8bit consoles). To improve the funding quickly I suggest to provide next weekend a very short demo or an extra trailer with complete level at least so that we can share it with non-backers for convincing them that this project needs be successful :) And last but not least I'm missing lower reward-less tier for $1-3, just for collecting potential backers who might increase their pledge later. How about adding a new tier that includes an ouya version... Say $20 for Pc and Ouya copies of the game. I know you have said that you will only do Ouya as a stretch goal but I'm sure if you made a commitment, you would be suitably rewarded. Add an Ouya version tier of pledging and watch the pledges fly in. My money is waiting for you. Is there a chance of getting the original theme song on the soundtrack CD as well? I love retro-style music. I still remember the old game I played on C64. The intro music is so great. I love that you got Chris Hülsbeck on board. I really hope you will get this game out. I LOVE that you guys got Machinae Supremacy on board .. MaSu 4 EVER! And the more of the following you/people do the better; - 1. Spread the word via social crap or reallife 2. create topics on forums to let people know about it or bump up old ones 3. use avatars of Project Giana here or on forums, same for signatures (on forum) 4. Pledge up your own reward (something I will do) 5. See if we can find some known people to help spread the word. - It also would be nice if some KS projects want to do a shoutout to Project Giana in the last few days. Gaming Kickstarter(backer)s have to support eachother. :) - A future update (maybe the same one (if done) about the mass tweeting/facebooking) could have several sizes of avatars/signature pictures handy for people to use. BFG? :) Another $150k KS got $80k in the last 3 days. @iFreak It is a bit a bit too early to make such a conclusion. We are not half way through yet - take a peek at the links TheChosenOne have posted. Kickstarter projects tend to speed up towards the end. Sorry guys, but without more pledges, which brings the backers to higher payment levels, we wouldnt get it. Its hard, but it seems to be the truth. :( @Stickybuns, thanks to your comment I went to Shadowrun and backed it for a small sum (since Echoes of Aeons will likely fail, unfortunately, I think it's safe to put that money elsewhere). I hope they make it. And of course that Giana makes it, but there's still not time to worry about that. @kireev: Don't worry so much (yet) ;) Look at Shadowrun online. They were at about half funding until like...3 or 4 days to go. Now it looks like they could actually make it. On that note...go back Shadowrun Online! I did! :D Hey Black Forest, i'm from (near) Freiburg and spent a month at Durbach on February. Grats to your (IMHO *G*) beautyful new Company Name ;) Alway had some Ideas for a Black Forest RPG (e.g. "Tales of Black Forest") with some influence by old myth, tales around the Region ;) At least we have now a Company with the Name *G* Played Giana Sisters as a young boy on Atari. I loved it. Your KS-Project here looks very promising. I've backed and wish you all the best that this will all happen and become true!!!! Viele Grüße 17 days to go and only 1/3 of the goal :( You need more advertising of this project!!! Really hope to buy this game on OUYA. Some Ouya backers are already aware. There's been noticable interest in getting this on Ouya from others, which is why there's a stretch goal for 300k to port this to Ouya. Maybe you guys could release this on ouya as well if it gets funded. Maybe some ouya supporters would then give some funds to this kickstarter. Hello, Project Giana-Backers! I backed this game, too. As I have done the Ouya-project, too. I have a beg to you ... I would be delighted if you would back the kickstartrt-project "Shadowrun Online". They are close to their destination. A little help would be great! -> <url>Ärger ;) At some point in the future it might be an idea to do a major tweet/facebook posting event ALL at the same time. (pick something that might work globally or two times) Get some (more) people aware of the project. Maybe an idea for an update BFG? Morning everybody, let's start the week!!! ;) @Hans: I really really want to go there in my lifetime. Read alot of beautifull things about it. Schwarzwald, very, very beautifull. Three more weeks and I will be there for 2 weeks. @Jeroen: I am allmost positive Black Forrest is a refference to Szwartzenwald. A region (I believe its a region) in germany. Btw I googled Offenburg, but it looks like a nice town to go on a holiday.. <url>"WTF is..." video featuring a Kickstarter project, a game called Forge. Let's see how big the impact is. Just like to add that the main reason I want to back this (apart from wanting to play it, of course,) is for the art... the art direction is phenomenal. Big ups to your extremely talented artist/s. I initially pledged $25 and then bumped it up to $100 to make sure I get the physical art book :) *throws $10 at his monitor* Best of luck to the project. <3 2 Reasons for my backing - I am from Germany too and i wan´t to see you on Ouya ;) $60k met!.. off to $75k and with that the mid project celebrations! As an Ouya backer it would be great to see it on that platform for launch. This is the main reason I have backed it. On OUYA would be my preference however I will gladly give it a go on my pc as a fall back. Looks a cool game. Good luck Pledged. though I never played the original when it was first out, despite owning a C64... I was introduced to Giana via the 2009 DS version. More Info from Chris Hülsbeck I think could help this Project I think. And some Pleges that have to do with him (like the Old Soundtrack on USB or as Ifreak means signed soundtracks for example). I also think the start Price must be 15 not 10. But with 10 thats is very cheap for all :). When it comes to Game Soundtracks Chris Hülsbeck has lot of Fans :) around the world...... Kudos to Ouya and Cinemaware for supporting this project! @BFG Good to see a demo coming - although it would have been good to get it out earlier than you have planned. By releasing earlier, chances are that it will reach a larger audience while this kickstarter is active. Calm down, guys. All projects have this "slower and slower every day" thingy. Every now and then there's a little up (just 4 days ago for Giana) but the huge step towards the (stretch) goal is always made within the last few days afaik. Project Giana is already at more than a third of its goal with more than 20 days to go (ca. two thirds). I think Giana won't have any problems reaching it's goal at all. Also there are already more than 2.100 pledgers... that is quite a lot. 2000 people who could possibly raise their pledge by $5 if it's gettin close. I guess we will get around 200k. Yes, as Dave Hopman says... PLEASE all Amiga fans here go support the WINGS HD Directors Cut. One of the best games of all time for the Amiga - <url>"Wings" for PC/IOS/Android: <url>"Project Giana". It seems to be a great game, and it will be awesome to play it on Ouya console. Now, please, back "Shadowrun Online" too, their Kickstarter campaign is almost finished and they still need help to get funded. Project Giana and Shadowrun Online are two of most exciting games that i expect to play on Ouya. Just backed Project Giana! We hope to see you on OUYA for launch. :) And some nice good tiers or just additional (digital) goodies to current tiers (mostly 30-150) to make people from lower pledges pledge up (55% of all backers have $10) will help. I'm still at $1 myself seeing if in the meantime there might be any more/different tiers that will make me up my pledge, if not I'll up it to another which already has my interest already but there's no rush. As I said on the comment section; For people constantly saying we (maybe) won't make it look at these other Kickstarters first; - <url>"82% of projects that raised more than 20% of their goal were successfully funded.". - Just keep spreading the word and if you have a good suggestion to BFG make it. @Dablue: What really worries me is that it is going slower each day… And this can’t go on forever. 2200 backers is simply not enough. I really don’t understand how this technically brilliant action game is ignored by so many people. They show real content (unlike Double Fine, for example), which looks great. Still nobody cares… As I wrote: Rising by adding gadgets (which need to be produced) won’t help the project. Only a considerably growing number of backers does. @Thechosenone: its going slow.. but certainly steady. I think you are right that we wont make the stretchgoals.. but I certainly believe we will make the $150.000 mark. What we always could use is a digital deluxe package and perhaps another tier below and above the $250. And perhaps some extra digital/cheap stuff for the $40/50 or something. We got 1200 people at $10. If with some additions you can get 400 of them to pledge 50 you also get 16k more. Can always lower the $5000 to $2500 or so. I'm pretty sure we'll get funded. May not be much more then $150 but I could see us getting 160-180k in the last day perhaps. Good Comment Tobias - I agree in the most points. Lets see, what "something big " the BF-Guys bringing this weekend. :) In my comment below, please replace “Well, not interesting enough (so far).” with “Well, not interesting enough for everybody (so far).” Of course, my own interest is high enough :-) @iFreak: I fully understand what you mean, however, I think you miss a few things. It is not as easy as you might think it is. I also share your beloved memories of Giana Sisters – most people don’t! For them, it is just another game. (A technically innovative and very nice one, indeed.) Outside Germany, nobody has ever heard from Giana Sisters. Today’s youth is the biggest group of players, and they were all born(!) when C64 and Amiga had already died. Therefore, they don’t need any goodies – this thing is not special enough for them. Nowadays, most players prefer the download version over a CD/DVD –just because of the many updates, patches and so on. And I can understand this. The people who request more goodies are the ones who have already pledged for the 50 dollar level and above. The goodies that you (and me as well, to be honest) would like to see cost money. All digital content is produced only once, but sold very often. This is the money they earn. Now if you want to produce 1500 dollar worth music boxes (as an example), you will reach the 150K easily, but Black Forest Games won’t see the money – because most of it is buried in the music boxes. Remember, they need 150K (minus fees for Kickstarter and Amazon) for development, not for production! Originally, they had no hardware below the 100 dollar level. Chris Hülsbeck introduced the USB stick after he had well reached his goal. Meaning his project was already financed. See the difference? I completely agree with you when you say the 10 dollar level is too low. It should have been 15 dollars, which is still a very good price. Alas, Black Forest Games made other mistakes, too, regarding the levels. More people want a game DVD than a printed art book. Even more people want a soundtrack audio CD. But they simply forgot the game DVD in the first hand, so it now got very complicated getting things in a proper order. (If you wish to see where this can lead, see the “SpaceVenture” project for an extremely bad example…) Well, mistakes are made, and we have to live with them now. Finally, I overestimated interest in this beautiful game. Apart from it bringing up great memories, it looks (and sounds!) great! The idea of the two dreams switching –including graphics, music and behavior – is something I have never seen before. Very interesting. Well, not interesting enough (so far). Regarding Ouya players: I understand their hesitation as for their port, the 250K must be passed before. Also, somebody stated that the Ouya port would come anyway, just a bit later. (At least this is what I read in the Ouya comment section after having invited them to back Project Giana.) Black Forest Games is only honest in saying that they focus on the PC first. I can guarantee you: All the XBox, PlayStation and Nintendo people could not pay the money needed for all these ports. It would increase development time massively, and the developers need to be paid, mate! I have no doubt that this will reach the 150K, but I can’t imagine that it can hit the stretch goal of 250K. A real pity, but not our fault, right? So lean back and look forward to what is promised. Ups... i mean Co-Pledgers :-) Shortly in German: Es gibtz hier zwei Gruppen von Spendern, die meisten wollen das Projekt ansich unterstützen und hoffen auf ein schönes Spiel. Den 10 Dollar Pledge finde ich fast schon zu günstig (orientiert sich ja eher an den Preisen für App-Spiele) - allein schon für diese sehr faire Preispolitik muss man das Projekt unterstützen. Viele sind aber sicher bereit auch mehr zu geben, wenn sie dafür etwas individualisiertes bekommen. Bei Chris gingen die Musikboxen weg wie nichts... davon gibts eben nur 20 und sie sind etwas ganz besonderes. Sowas fehlt dem Projekt hier meiner Meinung nach noch. Zudem wäre als Strech Goal ein größerer Unfang besser gewesen als der Rollout auf andere Systeme. Schon allein weil jeder Ouya oder PSN Nutzer nun davon absieht mitzuspenden, da das Erreichen der 250k bzw. 300k zunehmend unrealistisch erscheint. Die Infopolitik von Black Forrest ist auf jeden Fall vorbildlich - wenn sich jetzt noch etwas bei den Pledges tut, bleibt das Ziel in jedem Fall erreichbar. :-) Dear Co-Founders - don't understand me wrong, i absolutely support this project. Because of that, it's necessary to be realsitic. We need more exklusive maybe limited Pledges. That brings the people to higher levels, as we also saw on the Turrican-Project. Maybe a limited music box, maybe a limited Number of Puppet Sets, maybe a limited Number of Soundttrack-CDs signed by Chris and so on... Also in my opinion the 1.000 Dollar Pledge-Level should include a invitation for the Launch Party. Just some ideas to bring this project forward. @Ifreak: Honestly if one team is profiding more swag a day its Black Forrest Games. Compared to several other game kickstarters I know (I am looking at you Castle Story) they are doing a swell job. Also keep in mind that we're in the in mid-backing-slowdown every project has to deal with. What I already said a good pledge was $75 Euro from Chris Hülbecks Turrican Soundtrack. A Giana Style Memory Stick with the Original Sountrack from the past on it and the including the other things from the $50 Plege would be great. Dear guys from black forrest, I'm sorry, but it seems so, that without new pledges, you wouldn't reach the target. Please think about some new additional goodies... Best wishes from Bavaria! iFreak <url>"You should use Machinae Supremacy's theme", then BOOM - Fantastic! :-) @Trevor, thank you very much for the explanation. Now I understand with reason those standards. @Thechosenone: Speaking of BFG, doom part 4 is being worked on. Wie geil, hab das Spiel als Kind früher bei nem Kumpel gespielt, schöne Erinnerungen. Ist schon lustig mittlerweile bin ich erwachsen und verdiene selber Geld. Hoffe mal Ihr bringts mit Gamerscore auf XBLA am besten auch noch den ersten Teil. Naja erstmal bekommt Ihr 250 von mir, überlege mir noch die Tage ob ich noch etwas mehr locker machen kann. Cool das solche Projekte nun über Kickstarter finanziert werden können. A real gamer knows BFG from something else. ;) I just noticed that BFG is Black Forest Games and Big Finish Games (Tex Murphy Kickstarter). From now on I will always be confused. 25 $ here you go.... Hoffe es klappt :) Another fine kickstarter for me to back...gonna check back often this weekend to see what's in store for us backers :) @Dablue: geschickt hab' ich da gar nix, die sind auf Besuch und ich wollte sie für das Spiel begeistern. Und an den Typen mit der gebellten Sprache habe ich erst gedacht, als Du Deine "Österreich ist eh nur ein Teil Deutschlands" Aussage in den Raum geworfen hast - ein Anschluss war bereits einer zu viel! Der Sigmund hätte da gar nix dazu zu sagen, weil nicht mal er daraus einen Ödipus-Komplex basteln könnte. Und Rammstein ist, trotz gegenteiliger Beteuerung, etwas zu weit rechts. Und damit genug politisiert, hier geht's um Giana und die Hoffnung, daß dieses Spiel wahr wird! Go, Project Giana, Go! @Danijel: That's a fair point, but considering that BFG is planning on porting this to other systems eventually, 20,000+ sales isn't impossible. We'll just have to wait and see, I guess. DLCs are only interesting if you have a large userbase. Levels provided as a DLC for roughly 2.000 potential customers would have to be pretty expesive. Unless they sell at least 10 times more copies of this Game, a DLC is highly unlimely to happen. Well besides the game itself and the levels there can be a ton of issues with the tools, time, money and such for not making a level editor. - I loved the GTA 4, Borderlands and Defense Grid DLC. All nicely priced DLC (even if I did buy some on sales). As long as it is not $5 for a new costume. :P A level designer/editor would be really cool, but I agree that it would probably be pretty hard to pull off for something like this. I do think that TheChosenOne has a good idea with the DLC thing, though, especially if we don't get to the $250,000 mark. So, @BFG What are your thoughts on adding DLC for levels and enemies implemented after release. I realize this would definitely be something that would have to wait for when you have the extra resources saved up, but I know I'd be willing to pay a few bucks for the additional content later. I certainly can't speak for everyone, of course. The sheer level of detail might make steamrolling levels pretty hard. As I said nice in theory but it may not even be possible or practical. Please read the entire post I made. This can either be one of many available platformers with limited interest from the Gaming community (2.000 people ready to put down $10-$25 USD isn't really "a success") , or ... it could become THE Platformer. With morphable assets and a Level Editor, this would be something really unique. They could also be selling the Level Editor separately. A Level Editor won't be interesting to everyone, that's for sure. There are Gamers who just want to enjoy a finished product. But there are also those who like to be creative and have even more fun adding new content to existing games than playing them. You are asuming it is that simple. The tools they have may be extremely difficult to use and making them userfriendly can cost tons of time and money. Even if that is possible it may not be very effective/usefull or conflic with their strategy or other things. - I wouldn't mind seeing more levels but I prefer developer made ones, maybe a DLC pack which is fairly priced with high difficulty levels or so. This might sound like a crazy idea, but ... have you considered providing a Level designer for the Game? I am sure a lot of people would be ready to put more money down if they could play with existing levels and add their own levels to the Game - maybe even with an online platform for sharing levels. @klaus; First of all thank you for sending my post to all your german friends. Second of all if the first thing you think of is hitler after looking at my avatar your sence of perception is more "slightly off" them my sence of humor. Third i wonder what Freud would say about your agressive way of replying. Fourth rammstein First of all: even knowing that you "meant to be" funny, it isn't funny at all. Second: I'm no German, I'm Austrian. And neither I nor my German friends found your remark funny or witty. So I'm guessing your sense of humour is "slightly off" and you should work on it or just keep it to yourself for your own amusement. Hehe strong reactions like this proof that most germans have a hole where their sence of humor should be. So give the doggie a box and inhale or ill link faulty towers. Dont push me ill do it! ;) Dablue, are you here to troll? It appears so if I take a look at your comments... and nobody likes trolls. @Dablue: ah, that's why you lift your right paw - still thinking about the man with the Charlie Chaplin mustache, aren't you? On a more honest note: never again suggest Austria being a part of Germany, because that's really insulting. because lets face it.. Austria is just another part of germany! Ahhh.. Rammstein auf Spotify!... @Alexandre Maneta I guess it seems a bit high when you look at it as a blanket 300k but that breaks down into 150k required to finish the base game without needing to put it on the back burner. Another 100k bringing the total to 250k to flesh out the game to meet more how they have envisioned it. Then a meager 50k after that, bringing the total to 300k to work on hammering out an OUYA port of the completed game as quickly as they can. 50K is quite reasonable to ask to code a port of the game and like Stickybuns said, they said they plan on an eventual OUYA version regardless. Meeting that 300k just means that the OUYA is guaranteed to get not only the best version of the game possible, since that 250k mark means extra assets for all but also that it will get it as quickly as is possible. Otherwise its probably going to be dependent on when they have the time and resources to work on an OUYA port and if the OUYA actually turns out to be a successful product. Its Kickstarter was impressive but its still an unknown quanta. @Alex They have already said that an Ouya version will follow even if only 150k are reached , but it will take much longer @RS They also already said you will be able to disable the switching of the music if you want to. In a mercifull world there wouldnt be an Ouya to begin with.. /rubs goatee $300,000, we will provide an OUYA version? Really... thats really too high. Since the Ouya looks to be successful, hope u reach it cause ill have one. But still.... too high! Habe mir mal das neue Video angeschaut und wenn die rockige Musik spielt geht für mich massiv das knuddelfeeling verloren. Dort fehlt mir einfach der Shynthiewohlfühlklang. Yay... 2000.. at this rate we will only need 4000 more... less yayyyy.. Yeeeehaaaa, 2000!!! 2000 backers! @Jem: ... yeah.... I want to shit golden bricks.. .. not like that going to happen either..... I dont think it is that different for a 2D side scroller. But he if it comes out on WiiU im fine 2 :-)! @jemandem You do know that a possible 3DS port would be like a totally different game, compared to the pc version? Just try to compare NSMB for Wii with the same game for the Nintendo DS. Everything (graphics, resolution and details) would need to be simplified so much that it would not even be pretty, imho. I want to see this game on Nintendo 3DS ! good morning fellow backers.. one day left and its vacation time.. yoohoo! @Matt, good old times, good old times. Super Mario Bros, Sonic, Actriser, Demon's Crest, Castle of Illusion, Quack Shot, The Magical Quest.... jesus, i'm almost crying here... hehehehe... Would you possibly allow for ordering of T-shirts, art prints, etc. as piecemeal objects outside of KS, if/when the pledge goal(s) is/are met? I'd be interested in the Punky Giana T-shirt and the paired art print (mouse pad?) shown in the rewards mockup image... The world needs more platformers, especially good ones like this. or OSX The game looks really nice, can't wait to play it :) It would be really nice if you port it to linux, i think i'm not the only one who uses linux as the primary OS. Any chance we might get some samples of the additional Machinae Supremacy tracks? Maybe a few streaming snippets? Just can't decide if I want to take the additional $15 plunge. @Jason: If you don't know already, it will come for OUYA if stretch goal is reached. And hell yeah, $50k and nearly 2k backers! Definitely would be great to port this over to the OUYA that's coming out. I see that there's a note in the FAQ about how you're "open to other platforms in the future." What is the preferred way to show one's support for ports to a certain platform? Here's hoping for a Linux version being promised; would be especially neat considering that Steam is being released for Linux later this year! Would be cool if Project Giana was one of the first games on there. ;-) Does anyone know if you get the early sneakpeak at the 60-90 levels? And yay... 50k.. 1/3 on the way. Give em hell my german bloodhounds! And the digi-pack totally got me. Might throw in the extra $20 for the physical copy later. We'll see. System Requirements: Dual Core 2 Ghz, NVidea 320M, 4GB should be new enough, what do you want to do? On C64 and Amiga we optimized and do not waited for new hardware, so come on and think a bit more retro... @BlackForestGames: Könnt ihr schon abschätzten, was die Voraussichtlichen Systemanforderungen sind? Wird ein aktueller PC benötigt oder wird es auch einigermaßen Flüssig auf einem älteren Core2 Notebook (2,5 GHz, 4GB RAM, GeForce 9650) oder gar einem Pentium 4 (3 GHz, 1GB RAM, Intel Grafik, DirectX9) spielbar sein? Ein Bekannter von mir würde auch gerne Spenden, aber er fürchtet, daß das Spiel dann nicht auf seinem alten PC laufen wird. @BlackForrest: would it at all possible to put the old Giana sisters game on the physical cd as well? or is that IP copyrighted at a third party? and......... sold out Nice new stretchgoals my german friends.. I was looking around for a game pad... and this came on my path hehe... good work! It looks gorgeous. Glad to be a small part of this. :) Just be patient, ChosenOne. :) They already said they're working on it. I'm still at $1 awaiting cool new reward tiers. Hopefully multiple above the $100 and not just one. Need to give the people with not a $500 budget more choice. @Charles: It looks very polished indeed. But the mayor hurdle (as far as I could assertain from the interviews) is content atm. (aka levels) I'm not worried about hitting the stretch goal, the game looks pretty good as it is. @TMC: and experience teaches us that the first 2-3 days of a project are booming and the last 2-3 days are booming as well.. in between its mostly static @Lani: who would have thought that this adventure game from the space quest guys would make it ? Their project was on the egde of failure all the time due to slow pacing of pledges, and they reached their funding goal on the last day of the campaign (if i remember correctly). I wouldnt be that pessimistic, we just need to make more people pay attention to the project. For example, a post from the Turrican Soundtrack project brought me here, so spread the word wherever you can. ;-) ... @Lani Alden Hasn't it been more like 4-5K a day? Assuming it keeps going at that rate this game will make the $150,000 goal just fine. The stretch goals, on the other hand, are looking a little shaky. Hopefully the extra reward tiers they're adding will drum up some more cash. I'm already eyeing the physical copy tier that they mentioned in the last update. At the current rate of pledges we won't make it =/. We're only making 3-4k a day now... Looks and sounds nice! Please take my $10 :) Good luck with this - and future projects! Guys I have a interview on my website. <url>ür Giana und Chris Hülsbeck. Und dann sieht das Gameplayvideo auch noch toll aus -> 1 Unterstützer mehr für euch. ;) One of the big classic hit on C64 and Amiga in the old days ! :) Looking forward to get this new version of Giana ! :) @Blackforrest: come on.. stop teasing us.. come with that update!.. du Sie langsame Entwickler! ;p Oh, forgot to mention that TotalBiscuit (or TotalHalibut, his youtube channel name) also loves good video game music and afaik metal. I think he would love the theme. Okay, enough talking about TB. Update is coming.. Thats great :) @BlackForrest: One thing is true, the rate you reply and post updates is something alot of kickstarters can learn from. Kuddos Thanks for the response again. :) I am pretty sure that many many people will increase their pledge if you offer maybe a T-Shirt or at least a cup at, let's say 35 bucks. I would. You probably won't reach your first goal and you will certainly not reach your second goal keeping this speed. Most people just want their copy, so give them some new options to reconsider their pledge. Donating now to help reach your goal, but I'll probably retract my pledge a few days before the end of the campaign if Linux support still seems as vague by then as it does now. Even a "yes, we will port, but when we the time" would be fine. If you're already porting to PSN, you should be half-way there - certainly closer than to the Android port. Hey guys, 1. You mentioned a Facebook page earlier but haven't linked one to the Kickstarter page yet. It tells me "Has not connected Facebook " right below "[company logo] Project by Black Forest Games". :) 2. As others already said it would be a fantastic idea to contact one or two famous YouTubers/Gamers. TotalBiscuit (who already have been mentioned twice) is not only doing first impression videos on games but is also doing preview videos of games that are not released yet, even if they are in a pre-alpha status (he will point that out multiple times in the video so guys are not complaining about bugs 'n stuff). Also he has started a video series called "KickSmarter" (1 vid so far) where he takes a look at promising KickStarter projects. He has 100.000++ views on every WTF is...? vid, recently even around 200.000 and sometimes it goes up to half a million. I don't know what you think about sending a early build to a YouTuber but what I know is that it definitly would help if he decided to do a video on Project Giana. :) You should connect a Facebook page - it actually is correlated with your chance of success. Good to know! Really hoping this will come to Ouya but realize that 300k Is a large goal. :S (Sorry, i can write only in German): Erstmal möchte ich euch für dieses Projekt danken! Ich habe mit C64 recht spät (mitte der 90er Jahre) angefangen und Giana Sisters fand ich super. Es war eins meiner Lieblingsspiele. Besonders die Musik von Chris Hülsbeck ist legendär. Ich freue mich schon auf dieses Spiel und kanns kaum erwarten bis es erscheint. Ich hoffe, ihr setzt das Spiel auch noch irgendwann für PS3 oder PSvita um, falls es ein großer Erfolg wird. Gruß aus dem Schwarzwald in den Schwarzwald :-) Slowing bit by bit but common. Strong start, strong finish and the middle part has to be kept going by introducing new reward tiers, getting current backers to pledge up (to those tiers) making good updates and just spreading the word. Hopefully this comes to OUYA. Has funding been constant or has it slowed down? (I only just found out about this and backed) A new Update tomorrow. Great. Hope then some Infos on the Soundtrack CDs :) Pledge for $50. What was also great on Chris Hülsbecks Turrican Remastered Soundtrack Project was the $75,00 Plegde for the Soundtrack CD with the Remastered Tracks and a memory Stick with the classics in MP3 on it. That was an great Option Chris made later in the project and lots of Updated to this One.... Cause its both very interesting. The new great looking game :) and the Soundtrack CDs.... On the Turrican Soundtrack Project many asked for Remastered Giana Sisters Tracks :) I've been spreading the words since day one, and am now a proud backer to the project. I hope to even increase my pledge amount, but it mostly depends on finances here. Loving the progress. This is gonna be nothing short of amazing. Good work to do this. Still hope to see an e.g. $35 pledgetier for the digital game/soundtrack/art and one or more pledgerewards of $125/150/175/300/400. *nudge* - Also is the artbook hardcover? I'd love to see a hardcover e.g. $5 above it if it is not. Four 2 letter words with an i in a row! @Johannes Rebhan Yeah, i know ;) Having the game available in all flavours is the way to go. Sadly too many developers today tend to focus mainly on Steam Uplay and Origin - that made me stop buying from them, and the only place i buy games through nowadays is gog.com. I would be less likely to back if without steam support. @Ole Eitels I never said the game should ONLY be released on Steam. I said that having a Mac version helps the game selling on Steam. Steam is a great platform to sell Indie games. It's perfectly possible to sell you game on Steam AND somewhere else. Valve is not forcing anyone to DRM Online systems only, or forbidding you to sell your game outside of Steam. Check Torchlight or many other Indie games. Tune down the paranoia ;) @Johannes Rebhan I dont think that 'Steamplay' and 'DRM-free' mix. In fact i do not see advantages at all, please keep this game independant of any online based DRM framework, except for the basic offline serial number. I would not have pledged to this project if the only way of getting this game is through steam and its mandatory online activation procedure. Vielen Dank an Yvonne und Andi!!! Habe soeben mein pledge um $50 erhöht! I wish you the very best of luck! I hope the funding sky rockets and you are able to maybe plan for a Mac port. I bet releasing the game with Steamplay would help with sales. Even though Valve promotes Mac ports, the Mac world is still sparse when it comes to good games. Greetings from the Lake of Constance. *waves* Yes i would go after PC before Ouya, no doubt. Regardless it has to be funded because i really want to play this game. Having looked at the 2nd update, the art looks lovely. Unique and beautiful. I actually can't get enough of watching the worlds transform. The soundtrack is addicting, as was the original. Only thing I personally don't care for is having to switch back and forth to collect gems, I just never liked the use of unnecessarily having to switch back and forth constantly to collect things [although I don't see too many spots where it happens atleast]. That's my preference though keep in mind, and aside from that what you have is Extremely fine work. Instant enjoyment. I backed this just from looking at the artwork, didn't even need to see the video! This'll be the first Kickstarter I've ever backed. I support absolutely everything about this, and I really hope to see more of it in the future. It's too bad the momentum's slowed down a bit, but it hasn't even been a week yet, so I'm still hopeful. Best of Luck! @Black Forest Games I see you have backed the ouya. I guess that they want this game as an ouya launch title - so is it possible to persuade them to back your project? I'm hoping for the best, but if it keeps this pace, it looks like project Giana only will be a basic and not a fully fledged nor an ouya version in the end. I still can't help being a bit worried. @Andre I was thinking BFG should try to get in touch with maybe TotalBiscuit, or JesseCox. A "WTF is" video of this would be pretty awesome. Hello from Germany as well. I have played Giana Sisters as a child on my C64 and have lots of fond memories of it. Many years have passed and the catchy tune still haunts me as a SID-File. ;-) Since I did not contribute to the material success of the original game, I wanted to do my part to make your new Project a Success at least. The Artwork so far looks great and the Music is top notch, so I hope that the finalized work will find favour with backers and paying customers alike. I sure hope that this high quality project will get tons of more supporters to boost you into stretch-goal-heaven and give you plenty of time to polish the game. Just backed this so we can play it on Ouya! Awesome project! you got my pledge, played this game for years on the c64, as a matter of fact i still enjoy playing it! the new graphis, reworked music and very interesting and original game play makes this a highly interesting game i'm looking forward to. Good luck in reaching the goal! Will the game support the XBOX 360 controller? Ok great! Both the Classic and Remastered Soundtrack would be awesome but a remastered one also would also be great! @XrayW think you mean Chris or? Totally Great that we get his Turrican Soundtrack Remastered and now if this runs well also The Gina Sisters maybe Remastered :). Lets see how this works and hope it reaches its goal :) Normaly Jump N Run Games go to Nintendo Systems and Sony Systems cause of the their big Jump N Run Fan Base coming from Classics like Mario, Sonic, Ratched & Clank, Crash Bandicot and .... Also Multiplatform Jump N Run Games normally sell most on Nintendo and Sony Platforms... so lets see how many PC Jump N Run Fans are backing this and hope it works to get fast to the Goal :) and beyond :) just watched the second video and the game looks great and the music is awesome. This looks like a wonderful 2d platformer. From the video footage, gameplay looks to be incredibly smooth, and the way the music changes along with the world is just icing on the cake to me. It looks like everyone at Black Forest Games really cares about this, and is doing a great job. Have you thought about getting in touch with Youtube gaming personalities for possible first impressions videos? One person in particular (I don't believe I need to name him) could give the kickstarter a serious boost. Oh, I see now you might just ask a publisher to help with the rest. Well, that would work too, but if that fails it's another option! Dear BFG, if you reach your goal but not your stretch goal, please consider a "Special Edition/Director's Cut" with the additional content if you make enough money post-release? You could even be nice and give pledgers a discount on that version. :) Ouya is Android. If OUYA is a target platform, please consider generic Android or Tegra support. You would reach a lot more people with that than developing something for a platform that does not even yet exist. Crossing fingers for a console port (XBLA/PSN/WiiU and/or Vita/3DS) :) +1 for a Linux Port and OUYA version The switches to punk are not so nice o handle for my feelings. @Vexing Vision: Thanks for pointing at machinaesupremacy.com - just switched my default ringtone to the Giana Theme. Looking forward to the next incoming call... ;) Concerning OUYA: I would also really like to see an OUYA version of the game! But I will be happy with any version of it anyway... ;-) Yes that would be great if we could choose one Music Style! And why no Info if its the Original Classic Sountrack from the past or a new remastered one from Chris Hülsbeck? Think thats very important for many and also for the pledges with the $50+ @Micheal: isnt it the basic idea that both girls are two sides of the same coin? What I mean is.. one is happy and fluffy and the other one is a bit more mischievious and dark? If that is the case it would make sence. I think Giana's Grin is a bit too "evil" and could use some reworking. But well, it's concept art :) This will probably come across as a bit of a moan but it's only because I care. ;) Big fan of the DS game! 1. Why are you talking about a Ouya port? Surely a Mac (and Linux) version makes more sense. I want you guys to do well and considering support for something that doesn't exist yet while potentially leaving Mac and Linux users out in the cold just doesn't make sense. 2. I much prefer the old Pikomi artwork used in the DS game: It's cute and stylish. I really don't like the new artwork of Giana at the top of the KS page (and on the t-shirts), I don't think it's putting your best foot forward. 3. I love the music, it's one of the reasons I will recommend the DS game to anyone who will listen to me but... the constant switching back and forth in the new game is kind of jarring. Both styles sound GREAT but the transition between them is really abrupt. I would prefer it if each level just had one music track or if the transition happened mid-way through a level. All the best, I am just really happy to be getting a new Giana game! Black Forest Games, will the game support the Xbox controller? Would be perfect for a game like this and a lot of us will probably want to hook our PCs up to our HDTVs to enjoy everything the graphics have to offer. Also, could you elaborate a bit on the controls. I'm guessing directional input plus three buttons. One for jump, one for dash and one for shift? And keep up the good work. The game looks sooo polished and fun. Best kickstarter I've seen so far. Wish more Ouya backers would wake up and see they need to back more than the console. We need games as well! @Black Forest Games, Any chance of making a specific Ouya version pledge? I'm just speaking for myself, but I would be willing to make a slightly higher pledge if it was for an Ouya version. An analyst told me, that this game will kick a****. My 7 months old daughter normally doesn`t look at the TV. I just watched the 2nd update with music loud. What shall i say: she starred the whole time at the video and tried to eat her fingers ;) Never seen her like that. I hope you reach your goal, the 300k would be perfect for a succes for ouya. I enjoyed that video, especially that great sound from Chris Hülsbeck, amazing sound wizard. Sry about bad english. Gameplay looks really good imho. I really hope the project gets enough money to make the complete game and enough cash over to port it to the Ouya. I really like that this game is coming to PC so almost everybody can play it. Played the original many many years ago on the C64 so of course I will back this project. Ouya don`t know if this will be a good platform with only free to play games of that we already now many are not the fair and taking lots of money from the users... Ubuntu is becoming more and more installs and Steam is also coming to Ubuntu :). And Valve wants all Steam Software Companys to bring their games also to Ubuntu. Interesting Future.... And what really wonders me is that you don`t want to bring this game to the Nintendo Platforms like 3DS (Where 2D Games from the eshop sell very good and 3DS has a lot of 2D Game Fans) or the WiiU (everywhere stands Ports from XBLA are easy). So you miss over 50% of the Jump N Run Fans Worldwide I think. Cause most Jump N Runs are played on Nintendo Systems or? A few more words on the soundtrack CD were also great! Hope that this kickstarter campain will also reach its funding goal :). @Ivan Each girl is having a nightmare. So the sweet girl's nightmare is the dark heavy metal world while the punk girl is in the cutesy smurf-like world. @Fabian Check out machinaesupremacy.com - the "Gianna" tribute is freely available for download. :) Also: Good gods is the game looking (and sounding) beautiful. There is something I don't quite understand. Why the punk Giana plays in the colorful world, while the normal one is in the dark? Isn't it supposed to be otherwise? The same goes for the metal music: isn't it supposed to be in the dark world? Is there any chance to get the Angry-Giana-Sound-Theme as ringtone for my cell? Would be awesome! @Black Forest Games As a another reward tier, You could add a special numbered physical edition of Giana Sisters in the form of a bobblehead figure of one or both the sisters with a flash drive embedded in the bottom plate, containing the game. With the arrival of 3d printers and affordable flash drives, this should be possible - and if made right, that would be quite an eye catcher. - just a thought ;) Love your game! I do hope this comes to Ouya, it seems like a community of (at least) 50,000 game enthusiasts would be an ideal demographic. I'm a massive fan, so I'm in on PC and XBLA regardless. Thanks guys! Love the look and idea of the game, great to see the Giana Sisters back in Action! But please add more Rewards, this needs to be funded ;). I would gladly up to 50$ for a T-shirt!!! Schöne Grüße nach Offenburg! Well, maybe you should have read this article before starting your campaign: <url>"Banner Saga" Kickstarter project. @René Morten Jensen Yes, i find the slow backing pace of this project worrying. I have written about this project in the places where i have a user profile - but this needs to get much more publicity. The gentlemen who are backing the ouya console could donate to this project - considering the sheer ammount of cash that project is getting, the optimal goal for this project ($300.000) seems like nothing more than a drop in the ocean for these people. Somebody who already have backed the ouya needs to advertise this more amongst the ouya backers. Someone try putting this on Reddit Twitting this might help too. The people on facebook could do some advertising aswell This needs to get out far and wide. This is kinda what I dreamt about back in the time when I was playing Giana on C64... Superb! need to get a bit PR out :P surely there is more people of the OLD generation who still plays games. Doesnt look like this started out too good :S a looooooong way to goal. I hope the old giana music can be choosen too. A new Giana game with the music from Machinae Supremacy and Chris Hülsbeck ? This SO NEEDS to be done ! :-) ... Seems you mixed the original "Giana" concept with a bit of "Silhouette Mirage" from Treasure. I really loved what you've shown in the teaser so far, this can only become a great game. Rewards: Just make it like others do, a list with additional money and value. like +15 for a t-shirt, +20 for plushie etc. We need a ton of new reward tiers between $25 and $500. 3/4th of the backers are at the lowest 2. Which is fine ofcourse but I think a lot of people would be willing to pledge higher if the proper reward(tier) was there. I asume they are working on them right now and seeing what they can add. Looks fun, and a DRM-free full-version download as the first reward level is very reasonable. The only other reward I might be interested in is the Pillowl plushie... but hand-crafted or not, why do they only start at the $1000 pledge level? I can imagine increasing from $10 to $40-50 to get that plushie, maybe some more for a game+soundtrack+plushie package. But if these are the options, it will be just the game for me. In which format comes the Soundtrack download? FLAC or some low MP3? @Alasdair Young - It already is announced, but they have to reach $300,000 A port of the original version would also be nice as a follow-up. Original sprites and music. I have pledged and I hope for an early port to PlayStation3 as that is what I game on Gimme new rewards. :( $1 is lonely. Just placed my pledge... and I'll double if an Ouya version is announced! Awesome, I plonked my pledge in the pledge-bin, and pledge to double it if a Linux version is announced. I just backed this project, because I loved the old Giana Sisters game. Great project indeed. If there will be a Linux version, I will significantly raise the amount I backed. People should share this projects on their facebook. Find some more backers. I was never able to buy the first giana, cause it was impossible to get! So bing! BTW. Great Sound! <url>ülsbeck involved is like a dream come true (: No question, i must a part of this great project! :) A member of my small retro-community wrote also a article about the project: <url>"sell" well with oversea backers. Good to keep the momentum going with new rewardtiers new and old backers. have a nice life :-) If you would read my comments you would know René. I think I answer it quite well. :) Great news regarding Ouya! Also looking forward to a free copy of the eventual PSN copy. :) Upped my pledge. If you already have some playable things out it might be a good idea to reach out to TotalBiscuit, who is a great backer of indie projects. His wife and agent can be reached at genna[at]cynicalbrit.com @TheChosenOne... so why you talk alway about not backing ouya ... if OUYA backers help this project to to finance... unbeliveable??? Well besides not wanting an Ouya port (have backed ouya, might unpledge) it is more about just doing a ouya stretchgoal because some people just asked. As said I'd rather see a poll asking all people to vote on it. And if its a stretchgoal place it higher at 400k or so. Again see below for the rest yada yada yada lets talk about the game again. I´ve pledged because of OUYA port too and because I love Giana so much @c64 @amiga ... i hope for a port to OUYA the new gamingplattform ;-) Even if your are not too keen on an OUYA port, offering one at $300,000 should bring in more backers (such as myself). I can unfortunately only afford $10 at the moment but i'll see if I can bump it up a couple notches before the KS ends. Just happened to be the difference between the 150k and 300k (cause of their 250k "real" goal) :) And exactly why I wished they polled this (if people wanted it and wether they prefered it above more content or such) instead of going on some requests. All their fair right ofcourse to do what they want. :) I also backed for the ouya port. @Thechosenone: fat fingers ;p.. ofc i ment 50k *cough* anyhoe... 50k is alot of money for a port imho. Id rather have more content. but that my oppinion ofc. i backed because of the ouya port. great news ! I wish they just did* 50k. As said in the update. I prefer no Ouya port at all tbh and more focus on PC version and more content as stretchgoal. Which they just did a poll first so everyone could have given their opinion about it. It's their KS/game ofcourse but just saying. I am not 100% sold about the stretchgoal tho.. 150k for an ouya port? @Erik: tbh it doesnt look like anything I can remember platform wise, which is a very good thing imo. Looks extremely fresh and original. Well to be fair the original Giana Sisters was pretty close to Super Mario Brothers except for the music and the characters. This one looks like a complete departure from SMG though. @Vanish: hehe.. yeah the footage in the kickstarter video really looks like mario 1 doesnt it ? @dablue Giana Sisters was wildly popular in Europe (especially Germany), but afaik didn't really make it in other parts of the world. The fact that the game got pulled shortly after its release due to being too similar to Super Mario Bros. didn't help its sales either. I just reactivated my amiga. removed some spider webs plugged all cables in. Pressed the start button. Entererd Giana Sisters...... And it worked!!! This annoys me to no end.. everyone here seems to know the Giana Sister game.. and me.... eventho I thought I knew all the classics.. have no clue!... (thank you internet) As I was a Child I played Giana Sister all the day. I handled to play level 1, 2 and the half of level 3 without losing a live. Maybe other did so, too, but I dit it with bandaged eyes. ^^ I have one of those USB Competition Pro's. They are great for playing C64 and Amiga Games on my PC! Competition Pro? You can has! See <url>ülsbeck AND Machinae Supremacy working on the same project? Yes, there was never any doubt. As a kid, I kept Giana Sisters on the title screen for background music while doing my homework. The pretty graphics certainly helped, but I would have backed this for the soundtrack alone. Would be great if backers could chose between the PC version or the PS3 one. While I do have a PC I do not play these kinds of games on it. Thanks and all the best! I have to admit, normally I dont like games like this. But, the art style alone made me want toi play it.. combined with the fact that these guys also made desperados (<url>ück mit dem Projekt! Considering to pledge more if you can start it with Load "*",8,1 :) And it has goth chicks.. who doesnt like goth chicks.. eventho their only pixalated hehe The second project I'm backing and the second with Chris Hülsbeck involved :) Looks very nice. I'm looking forward to the game and the soundtrack! Viel Erfolg! OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG Me too, I'd really, really like a Linux version. Will hugely increase my pledge if it's announced. Awesome game! Please make a Linux version and I'll pledge some more. For a fan of the original on the C64 a must. :-) A lot of luck for the project! ... a great game. :-)) a) I loved the Giana Sisters (imho better than super mario) b) Chris Huelsbeck is THE music god c) There should be more support for German developers (Spellbound was awesome) So keep it up, you got my money ! This looks delightful -- fingers crossed! ^_^ @Jack: From the second paragraph on the home page: "The “Project” part is a placeholder – the final title will be determined during the final stage of our kickstarter, and will take your feedback into account. " I unfortunately do not own a PC anymore. However, still backed it as it really makes me think of the good old times playing Giana Sisters on Amiga. Is there a chance for the title to be released on OUYA? If you decide for it, I would love to see another tier giving access to a digital copy on that system! Could even see myself increasing my pledge. Wish you guys success with your project! I hope you are giving this game a better release title than Project Giana. @Kenneth.. thats one freaky eye... yours? The Sisters are Back(ed)!! 8o) Could you please offer a reward tier for a physical copy? I would gladly pledge more for that. I would pledge $50 for a Linux version. (I mean a real one, not just one based on Wine.) i cannot belive that tis amazing game will be reborn .... backed!!!! Saw this and fell in love with the art style. If you love this kind of games its also fruitfull to take a look at <url>"instant pledge". Absolutely awesome. And another backer who would be very very very very happy to see this wonderful game running on Ouya, if possible. +We nice gfx! :D An old dream comes true 4 PC owners! Thx! Keep up da good work! Giana seem though a little bit "sonic"... GIANA GET READY BACKED! *instant pledge* Absolutely gorgeous artwork and concept. The music is spot on and brings back all the good commodore memories of the great gianna sisters :) Kudos to Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae supremacy and all the unnamed devs behind this. I am 100% sure this will be a huge success or at least SHOULD BE, especially for anyone from my generation and beyond :) Best of luck wishes! really Great work and I wish you Luck Black Forest . and hope you get the funding goal and more I too found out about this through a comment on the Ouya page. I too would like to see a version for that, but I have backed the project (sadly not a huge donation, being unemployed leaves precious little disposable income :P) and will be keeping an eye on the PC version. Good luck, it's an absolutly beautiful game... it deserves to see the light of day. I can't wait to play it with my son. Hope it gets to the $250,000+ mark. Please, can we see this on the OUYA? I love that little box, it's gonna be great. I just found this project when an OUYA backer pointed it out, looks very good! Looks like a platformer with great controls - backed! I used to love Giana back on the C64. Any chance we could see this on the OUYA? I played the original game on the Amiga - old memories... And now this here WITH the music from Chris too, it's like dreams come true... You have a fantastic game there with really nice graphics so I have to be on bord, go Giana! I wish Project Giana all the best! Being an old Amiga and C64 gamer, I did not hesitate to back this project! Looks awesome!