HAPPY DAY! *****We've reached our initial goal of $25,000 which means everyone who pledges at the $35 level or higher receives DOUBLE the number of listed limited edition signed and numbered hardcover copies of the Quantum Roleplaying Game! So right now if you pledge $42 for U.S. addresses or $47 for International addresses (which now includes shipping) you will receive TWO COPIES of the game! What a deal!***** HAPPY DAY AGAIN! *****We've reached our final goal of $36,000 which means (1) one 24" x 36" full color folded poster world map of Quantum will be shipped with every single pledge order $35 and above. While there will be a map of the world inside the Quantum RPG hardcover, it will be a black & white map and obviously won't be bigger than a single page. This 24" x 36" poster world map will not only give you the world in amazing full color, but it will be large enough to include a wide variety of extra map tags to add both a little mystery to the world and ensuring that all locations generated during design show up on the poster map.***** ABOUT THIS PROJECT The Quantum Roleplaying Game™ is Infinite X Studio™'s first game. The game is a reflection of more than 30 years of RPG gaming and nearly 10 years of writing and game design on the part of Infinite X Studio's founder and President, Joshua J. Frost. Josh's passion for gaming and RPGs in particular is hard to explain in words (and much easier to explain by watching his hyper exuberance during a game session) but know that he wants Infinite X Studio to produce only the highest quality, best-designed, and most enjoyable RPGs possible. It is our dream that we can reach out to both seasoned and new gamers with this project and help us raise enough money to bring the Quantum Roleplaying Game to hundreds of game tables around the globe. Our Kickstarter goal is only set at $13,000 and this covers the barest minimum of costs to write, design, layout, produce art, edit, develop, print, and ship the game. The total funding goal is comprised of 10% Kickstarter fees and Amazon fees, 50% artist, layout, design, editing, and development costs, 10% promotional costs, and 30% printing costs. Should we raise money beyond the $13,000 target, several things will happen: At $15,000, we give most of the freelancers a nice raise (Infinite X Studio President Joshua Frost doesn't get paid at all unless the game is a success). *****GOAL ACHIEVED!***** At $25,000, we double the number of limited, signed and numbered hardcover copies of the Quantum Roleplaying Game that are sent out to the backers at the $35 Journeyman level or higher. So if you back the QRPG project at $35 and the project raises $25,000 or more, you receive two copies instead of one. This will not increase any associated shipping costs, even for non-U.S.A. addresses. Also at $25,000, we're able to print a small quantity of regular edition hardcover books that we plan to sell into hobby distribution so the game can be available at hobby stores in the United States and beyond. *****GOAL ACHIEVED!***** At $36,000, we will ship (1) one 24" x 36" full color folded poster world map of Quantum with every single pledge $35 and above. While there will be a map of the world inside the Quantum RPG hardcover, it will be a black & white map and obviously won't be bigger than a single page. This 24" x 36" poster world map will not only give you the world in amazing full color, but it will be large enough to include a wide variety of extra map tags to add both a little mystery to the world and ensuring that all locations generated during design show up on the poster map. ABOUT THE GAME An innovative, highly-technological society in Earth's distant future built a robotic Dyson Shell world where science was king, where reason was law, and where all the complexities of day-to-day living were made easy by a level of gadgets that would make modern humanity believe they were witnessing the true works of gods. Their cutting-edge world expanded rapidly and disconnected from the rest of humanity, rocketed out to the edge of the universe, and hurtled into the very fabric of space-time in order to discover new sources of untapped power to expand their knowledge of the universe itself. Then it happened: they found an energy source so powerful they were convinced it had to be the very glue that held the universe together. They tapped it deep, plunging into the distant beating heart of this new spark, causing their robotic world to nearly burst with inscrutable power. Feats of unimaginable prowess were discovered, manifesting objects and energy with only one's thoughts became a reality—even the control over life and death became as trivial as breathing. What they didn't know—couldn't know—was that their newly discovered source came with a dreadful price. At its heart was darkness, vast unfathomable evil from beyond the edge of reason and space-time—shadowy, slithering horrors of such sinister potency that they infested the entire society from the inside out and not only tore it to pieces, but nearly sundered the world, sending every living thing spinning into a shattered, morose millennium of bedlam and anarchy. It's been 1,000 years since the fall of the great society known as Quantum and the civilized species of the world are finally rediscovering a semblance of what they lost. Quantum is a Dyson shell, an inside-out planet roughly the size of Mars but with a sun-like ball of fiery plasma at the center, providing both heat and light to the flora and fauna around it. Though civilization is clambering from the ruins, it still has a long way to go before achieving the greatness of the Time Before. Today's Quantum civilization is equivalent to medieval Earth with castles, walled towns, large farming communities, kings, queens, serfdom, chivalry, open warfare, political intrigue, and vast swaths of uncontrolled territory. Ancient experiments in reanimating extinct creatures from their DNA, animal and human cloning, whole-cloth invention of beasts both great and terrible, and self-replicating artificial intelligences have left the wild places of Quantum filled with terrifying monstrosities from myth, legend, and earth's extensive fossil record as well as new races of living machines and swarms of metallic insects. Quantum is broken into twelve nations, some with loose associations, some with iron clad pacts, and some engaged in open war. At the heart of these nations is an organization called The Progenancy. They control all that remains of Quantum's lost technological knowledge, wielding their control of it in order to maintain as much of a peace as possible. The Progenancy is not a good nor charitable organization, though. They exact a terrible price from those who refuse to acknowledge their mastery of the world, going so far as to cut off one nation from every power source Quantum possesses, plunging those people into an eternal darkness from which no one has returned. Opposing the Progenancy is a loose affiliation of shamanistic tribal societies and underground resistance movements from the remaining eleven nations. This affiliation does all that it can to sabotage the Progenancy's control of technology, but it is a war they are losing very badly. In the Quantum Roleplaying Game, you can choose to play one of four races: Humans Humanity is more than half the population of the civilized races of Quantum and controls nearly all of the nations. Most of the Progenancy is human and they are often associated with power and greed in the eyes of the other races. Humanity spreads quickly, decisively, and has an uncanny knack for resiliency in the face of adversity. Azi The azi are a race of snake people, human in appearance from the waist up, but possessing all of the qualities of a snake from the waist down. Azi are humanoid reptiles—they have no hair, hatch their young from eggs, and their genders are quite difficult to determine by non-azi. Azi are comprised of dozens of sub-species that vary by color, shape, and size and their skin is scaled, soft, and very often comprised of mesmerizing color patterns. Mutants Mutants are the offspring of humans who ventured too closely to the source of Quantum's power (called Prime). As such, they are often called Primespawn. Mutants come in a variety of shapes and sizes and their mutations range from the useful to the patently grotesque. When two mutants pair and have children, their children are always mutants, though they rarely possess the same mutations as their parents. Mutants are reviled in both human and azi cultures and those who choose to stay are often cast out to the fringes, scraping by as criminals or beggars. Those who flee bond together as tribes and wander the wild places of Quantum, avoiding human and azi cities. Automatons Automatons are genderless, hyper-intelligent, living machines. They are a remnant of the Time Before—a remnant even the Progenancy doesn't understand. Automatons awaken in hidden-away places possessing the reasoning capacity of a 15-year-old human and a wide-eyed obsession with learning everything about the world around them. Automatons have no single society and typically wander into whatever civilization is nearby where they are often accepted and put to work. Automatons are weak structurally and no single automaton has lived longer than 40 years, but during their time on Quantum they are relentless in their pursuit of scholarship and wisdom. The first choice you make in the Quantum Roleplaying Game is your race—the second is your “paradigm.” Paradigms are the worldview of your character, not only how they perceive everything around them, but also what path they choose to follow in life. Quantum has 17 paradigms, 16 of which are rather specific in their focus and one called the Generalist that is more customizable to suit the unique desires of any player. Example paradigms include Archer, Warrior, Warlock, Progenitor, Shaman, Immortal, Reaver, Hunter, and Crusader. The rest will be revealed once play-testing of the Quantum Roleplaying Game begins! THE INFINITE ROLEPLAYING ENGINE The Quantum Roleplaying Game is powered by the Infinite Roleplaying Engine™, a customizable game system built on a strong mathematical foundation from which nearly any genre of RPG can be created. The game uses the same polyhedral dice that many of you are probably used to (d20, d12, d10, etc.) but dice-rolling facilitates two primary objectives: it rewards knowledge and advancement by decreasing the chance of failure as the level of skill increases and it allows for a more open system between the players and the Guide (also called the game master) so that both parties can easily work together to create a cinematic storyline filled with intrigue, conflict, combat, death, warfare, and triumph and do so without bogging down in complicated dice checks and endless rolling. The Infinite Roleplaying Engine is exactly that: a “role”-playing engine. The dice, though used and needed, are secondary to the experience of playing. A FEW WORDS ON GENDER EQUALITY It is the promise of Infinite X Studio that we will always strive to present a world that in many ways reflects what our world should be. Specifically, the stereotypical portrayals of women in RPGs as either barely-clothed, subservient slaves or obnoxiously under-dressed warrior queens have no place in any of our product lines. Civilizations in our games will rarely explore gender differences unless that exploration is central to the story or theme of a location. We assume, as we believe everyone should on Earth, that there is no difference between men and women other than some basic biological designs and we strongly believe that hobby gaming is for everyone regardless of gender, age, skin color, sexual preference or identity, or religious belief (including a lack thereof). We want our products and our art to reflect this promise and hope that our community of friends will keep us honest should we ever seem to stray from it. WHO IS INFINITE X STUDIO? Joshua J. Frost, President Josh started writing in junior high school, majored in Creative Writing and Publishing in college, and started working in the hobby games industry in 2005. He has 38 writing and design credits for roleplaying games, co-designed one card game with Mike Selinker (Yetisburg), and designed a game for the board game Stonehenge called “Any Given Run Play” that appeared in the October 2007 issue of Games Magazine. He designed and wrote games and game supplements for Dungeons & Dragons 3.5, Dungeons & Dragons 4th Edition, the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, and A Song of Ice and Fire Roleplaying Game and was nominated for two Origins Awards and won six ENnie Awards for fantasy RPG writing and design. Josh lives in a Seattle suburb with his wife, daughter, cat, dog, and iMac. Hugo Solis, Artist & Cartographer Hugo Solis, also known as Butterfrog, found his love of RPGs in 1990 when he miraculously stumbled upon the Dark Sun boxed set at his local game store—no mean feat in a comic shop in México. Hugo resides in Guadalajara, Mexico with his patient wife (who is his toughest art critic) and their two Schnauzers. Hugo began illustrating character artwork for Pathfinder fans on the paizo.com messageboards in 2008. Shortly thereafter, he co-created the award winning Wayfinder fanzine with Liz Courts as a way to bring the Paizo fan community to a whole new level. Hugo now does freelance illustration and cartography for many companies including 4 Winds Fantasy, Legendary Games, Paizo Publishing, Open Design, Rite Publishing, and SKR Games among others. Blake Davis, Developer Blake Davis is a passionate table-top gamer and has worked in several aspects of the gaming industry. Besides running various RPGs for over 9 years, including D&D and the Pathfinder RPG, Blake is the mastermind behind Archives of Nethys (www.archivesofnethys.com), an extensive reference guide for the Pathfinder RPG. He has a degree in Integrated Studies and an uncanny knack for memorizing rules and spotting rules issues and flaws. Reid Schmadeka, Editor Reid Schmadeka has worked in the gaming industry for more than a dozen years, starting with White Wolf Publishing as an editor and then Wizards of the Coast as a contributor and editor for the Wizards Play Network website. He was the author of Transylvania Chronicles III: Ill Omens and a contributor to Castles and Covenants, both for White Wolf. His story "Faces" was published in the Satiated Sunrise Word Speak Network anthology, and his stories "The Barn" and "Avarice" in the magazine Line Zero. He currently lives in Seattle with his wife, son, and daughter. Colleen Hutchings, Graphic Design/Layout Colleen Hutchings' whereabouts have been a secret for more than 400 years. It is whispered in conspiracy circles that it was she who founded the Illuminati and that any conspiracy theories about who runs the world are complete fabrications invented by Hutchings as an effort to throw everyone off the truth. It is known that she acquired a Bachelor's Degree in Graphic Design from Saint Mary-of-the-Woods sometime in the last decade, but even finding out that much cost us 13 interns. Kyle Hepworth, Art & Design Kyle Hepworth is a rogue Seattle artist responsible for dozens of random acts of art. He once decorated his neighbor's broken down truck as M. Truckington III complete with a windshield monocle, a bumper mustache, and an enormous top hat. In his spare time he creates miniature piñatas and Super Mario Brothers coins and hangs them in places for people to destroy and/or jump up and try to get 100 of them. Beyond that, Hepworth's life is a mystery known only to him, Joshua Frost, and 43,567 of their closest friends. OUR PLEDGE TO YOU Without Kickstarter Backers, it would not be possible for Infinite X Studio to design and produce quality RPGs for the hobby market. To show our undying respect for those of you taking a chance on us, we promise that all PDF and hard copies guaranteed to Backers will be mailed before copies are available for purchase at retailers, conventions, or even online at InfiniteXStudio.com. We also promise that all products declared “limited edition” will never be offered for sale in stores by Infinite X Studio and that all “bonus” materials will not be released for ONE FULL YEAR after the official release date of the game. Our gratitude for your support should come with a hug for every single one of you—given the challenge that presents both in travel fees and bird flu, please accept our pledge instead. Thank you! The past nearly two months have been awful. I've struggled mightily to get the final art pieces in, even going so far as to seek additional art help for Hugo with no positive results. I've hesitated to discuss art struggles as my own writing and design struggles have been significant, but I feel all struggling aspects of this game now need to be discussed, not just my own. At this point, I may have to release the book missing some of the monster art and without a poster map. I seriously hope this doesn't happen, but I can't wait for the art any longer. Financially, I reached the wall where continuing to work on this game without a paycheck is not possible. I then had to spend time looking for, finding, and then accepting a new part-time job. It's not exactly the sort of job I want to shout to the roof tops, but it pays the bills. It also takes a great deal of time away from what I want to be working on (the game), but after the "busy period" I'm in right now at work ends in a few weeks, things to will settle back down to where I can crush the remaining chapters. Colleen is the bright spot in these last two months. She's banging out some amazing layout work despite working a full time job. Her work is amazing and I think you'll be equally impressed. My goal right now is to have the entire game out of my meddlesome hands by Turkey Day with the final book, at minimum, released as a PDF by the New Year and well on its way through the printing process with our overseas printers. We are very close to being done and have unfortunately been very close for a while now. I'm back to frequent updates again and I'm sorry for the lack of updates. -Josh Hey backers! Here's a quick little graphic I whipped up in preparation for an update next week going over the archer Paradigm and some of the builds one might choose when creating an archer Hero. I couldn't wait to show off the trees, so here they are. Details forthcoming. Also, there's a reason I'm not a graphic designer. ;-) So don't think this graphic will be in the final book. Because. Ick. No. -Josh Hey backers! I just finished every Core Paradigm Style, Paradigm Style Tree, and Universal Style in Chapter 2: Hero Creation. Now I need to write or re-write the text around those boondoggles and Chapter 2 will be out of my hands and into editing. As a reference, Chapter 2 is 62 pages in the final book totaling just under 38,000 words. Once handed off to edit, that will mean 72% of the book is out of my hands and off to the next phases. Also, I added Chapter 3: Gear &amp; Gadgets to the Design forums a few days ago for download and reading. That's four out of eight chapters now finalized post-editing, off to layout, and available for all backers who gave $10 or more to the project to download and read. Now I leap into the rest of Chapter 2. Josh Hello backers! Every backer who gave $10 or more to the project can now request access to the Design boards on the Infinite X Studio forums . There are currently three chapters up: Chapter 1: Getting Started Chapter 4: Challenges &amp; Combat Chapter 5: Omnimancy These chapters are final chapters. They've been through design, development, writing, and editing and are in the hands of the graphic designer for layout. Chapter 3: Gears &amp; Gadgets is now back from edit and should also be up on the Design boards later this week. All backers who gave $10 or more to the project should have a message from me in their Kickstarter message box. Reply to that message with your forum name on the Infinite X Studio forums and I'll grant your account access to the Design boards (as well as give you your swanky new Design Level Backer title and symbol). Reply to your message. Get access to the Design boards. Download the chapters. And read, read, read. Josh Hey folks! This is just a quick update to let you know I'm still here and the game is still progressing. I hope to put up a larger update next week showing some rules changes implemented during my work this last month. Until then, here are teasers of those changes: Armor Rating changed to be simpler and require less paperwork. My original intent was to have Style Trees rather than just Styles. I figured out how to do that without changing much. Style Trees allow for "builds," even within Paradigms that aren't the Generalist. Each Paradigm (except the Generalist) has two Core Styles and two Core Abilities. The rest of the Styles are now General Paradigm Styles learnable by most Paradigms. General Paradigm Styles will still be restricted to Fatigue or Prime, though some have neither as a requirement. There are three Style Trees, tentatively called Melee, Omnimancy, and Erudite. You start at the top and purchase your way down various branches of your choosing to get the build you want. The Melee branch is associated with Fatigue, the Omnimancy branch with Prime, and the Erudite branch with neither. Next week I want to preview the new Archer along with possible builds. This will serve to both preview the rules changes and show off the new Archer. Until then! Josh Hey folks! Just a quick update this week. I had a facepalm moment last week that helped me solve the damage conundrum (more on that later), so with that fixed I jumped back into the Book of Beasts chapter and the Hero Creation chapter. The Omnimancy chapter, which was out for the first editing pass, is now back in, so I can now apply the editing changes and send another chapter off to layout. So right now we have one chapter in edit, one returned from edit, two chapters in layout, and five chapters in various states of completion, most of them nearing completion. Hugo is finishing up two additional figures for the setting chapter and spending time on the full-color world map. Out of anything he's working on, I'm most eager to see the map! I've also decided (in part thanks to a pulse-taking thread on my author Facebook page ) that once a week updates are too many and will now move to one update every other week plus additional updates as we cross milestones (such as new art received, chapters off to layout, and so on). Once a week updates are forcing me to post when there aren't milestones to report and that hasn't been productive. I'm also going to back off posting insight into the process and instead focus on surface details such as milestones, setting information, etc. Whenever I delve into the realm of "here's something that's giving me nightmares recently" or "here's a mistake I made" the responses tend to be in the "shut up and stop complaining and get to work" category. Those responses are less than helpful. The game progresses! Josh Hello backers! Got some new art previews in this week from Hugo. He would want me to say these are just rough sketches. ;-) What's great about these sketches, is I'm starting to see the figures for the nation art orders come to life, breathing personality into their home nations from the world of Quantum. The first is an azi scientist from the Republic of Aranam, a nation written by backer Rob Gaffney. The second is a famous character named Airdock, an automaton from the Free Cities of Kadjar, a nation written by backer Paul Rees. The third and final is an elderly azi troubadour from Kadru, a nation written by backer Charles Cunningham. I can't wait to see the finals for these sketches. I have it on good authority from Hugo that we'll be seeing some of the world map soon and I plan to preview that as I get it. It'll likely be rough at first, but since it's a full color poster map for the hardcover and I'm a huge fan of Hugo's cartography, I'm positive it'll be fantastic. As for progress, I've torn down a few systems in the past few weeks and I'm in the process of building them back up with the goal of making them simpler to use and understand. These systems include damage, Styles, and Stances. I'm often woken suddenly in the middle of the night, heart pounding, feeling sheer terror at the idea that anything for this game will miss the primary design objective of being simple to learn, easy to play, and complex only from decisions and strategies and not from the rules. I'm stubborn about getting it right. Josh Hello! It's been a slow past few weeks as I've struggled with the doubt demon as it pertains to two subsystems of the game: tracking damage to the three Damage Scales and how to scale Styles in a way that seems consistent and yet makes both story sense and logical sense. I think I've solved the latter, the former still gives me nightmares. Here's the issue: The Damage Scales have made sense to me for a while, but after finalizing the Omnimancy chapter and sending it off to edit, the bit in Omnimancy about tracking the two types of damage to the Prime scale an Omnimancer deals to herself when performing an Equation (Damage Over Time and Reserved Damage) more and more doesn't seem to fit with the bubbles used on the Hero record sheet. I'm brainstorming various ways to change how the damage is presented in order to make it easier to know exactly how much Prime damage an Omnimancer has taken as well as making it simpler to remove Reserved damage once an effect ends and still know at a glance what the total damage to the scale is. I could use your help. I'd appreciate any suggestions on how to do this. I don't really want to eliminate the idea of various Styles and specific Paradigms/beasts/foes being able to influence the number of dots at each step of a Damage Scale, but eliminating that is on the table. I thought about simply having two sets of bubbles for both the Wound Damage Scale and the Root Scale—one bubble set for damage that's Regained over time and the second for Reserved damage. Then each set could have totals beneath that represent each step of the scale and those totals would start out as blank lines that you fill in and change as your Hero advances. Then one would just add together the two bubbles for a given Damage Scale, compare to the step totals below, and know where she stands as far as penalties are concerned. That way, as you Regain over time and remove Reserved damage, you wouldn't constantly have to erase and then re-fill in the boxes with X or /. What do you think? What's worked for you in playtesting? Did you change anything for your group? It works okay when I playtest it, but I think it could work better. Finally, in the coming weeks, a friend will be assisting me in setting up some Google+ hangouts for playtest sessions. This would give you an opportunity to see more of the final rules and help me get a wider playtest audience for some of the changes that have been made since the beta. I imagine I'll run these in the late afternoon on the weekends in order to accommodate schedules for as many time zones as possible. Does this sound like something you'd be interested in? What would you like to see in a one hour or so playtest session? How many players do you think would be the right number? Looking forward to your answers and suggestions. Josh Hello, backers! The last week was spent conquering the profiles for the beasts portion of the Beasts &amp; Foes chapter as well as finishing most of the text before the profiles begin. This increased progress on that chapter by 10% and my goal is to have the rest of the chapter finished and in editing by the next update. Now that I've finished quite a few more beasts (beyond what appeared in the Beta), I thought I'd give you a preview of the beast featured on the cover of the Quantum Roleplaying Game: the dragon! Those of you paying attention at home may find several hints at rules changes not previously divulged. Below you'll find the dragon art as well as the progress sheet. But first: the profile! Enjoy! DRAGON Omnimancy Beast, Exomancy (Demon) Ranks : 35–75 Wound Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1; Fatigue Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1 Beast Styles : Creator, Natural Aviator; Rank 60+ : Maneater Grid : 4x4 BACKGROUND Dragons likely existed in the Time Before as gladiatorial amusements. There are fragmented records of them in stadium-sized terrariums, living in fighting groups of as many as ten dragons. These records also show massive crowds of humans and azi seated in expansive amphitheaters watching two or more dragons battling to the death while wearing collars meant to restrain them or remotely control them. The Progenancy theorizes that only a few dragons survived the apocalypse of a millennium ago, but given their extreme longevity and shrewd intelligence those few managed to come together and breed. Instead of continuing to live in groups, however, they became solitary, antisocial creatures. So much so, in fact, that two dragons mating is one of the most rare occurrences among the creatures of Quantum. ECOLOGY Dragons demarcate large territories as their own by emitting pheromones that only other dragons can smell. While dragons respect these demarcations, other creatures don’t. This leads to violent encounters between dragons and the civilized races, especially in the skies above. Female dragons give birth to a single live newborn that can immediately survive on its own. Within minutes of birth, the baby dragon is chased from its mother’s territory, driven into the Wilds to find its own. Dragons prefer warm, dry climates but as these territories were claimed hundreds of years ago, newborns are moving into the lower elevations, establishing hunting grounds in rain forests, marshes, and even ocean islands. No one knows exactly how long dragons live, but the Progenancy is tracking three dragons still alive from the Time Before. RANK 35 (JUVENILE) Movement : 4; Flight Movement : 16; Initiative : 8 Attributes : Pow 6, Agi 2, Cog 4, Inf 2 Defenses : End 3, Dod 1, Per 4, San 5 AR : head 3, shoulders 1, chest 4, arms 2, legs 2; natural armor Melee : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +8, DR 7, BAP 1; claw (blade) +8, DR 8, BAP 1 Ranged : breath (fire, 1m AoE or 5m line) +8, DR 10 Omnimancy : Acidjet (3m, Dodge) +6, DR 4, PD 3; Primal Voidblast (5 w/in 5m, Sanity) +6, DR 2, PD 11, Demoralized 1 Enchantments : Detect Life 3, Generate Noise, Prime Armor 3 Expertise : Academics 1, Climbing 1, Deception 1, Intimidate 1, Navigation 1, Negotiation 1, Prime 2, Science 1, Spark 1, Strange 1, Streetwise 1, Unarmed 2 Styles : Augment Endurance 1 (universal), Augment Perception 1 (universal), Augment Sanity 1 (universal), Creator 1–2 (beast), Natural Aviator 1 (beast) Notes : immune (fire damage) RANK 55 (MATURE) Movement : 5; Flight Movement : 25; Initiative : 11 Attributes : Pow 10, Agi 3, Cog 6, Inf 3 Defenses : End 6, Dod 2, Per 7, San 6 AR : head 6, shoulders 1, chest 8, arms 4, legs 4; natural armor Melee : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +14, DR 11, BAP 1; claw (blade) +14, DR 12, BAP 1 Ranged : breath (fire, 1m AoE or 5m line) +14, DR 14 Omnimancy : Barrage Acidjet (3m, Dodge) +10, DR 6, PD 3, Knock Down; Voidblast (5 w/in 5m, Sanity) +10, DR 6, PD 12, Demoralized 3 Enchantments : Detect Life 3, Generate Noise, Generate Smoke, Lock/Unlock, Prime Armor 3 Expertise : Academics 1, Climbing 1, Deception 3, Intimidate 3, Navigation 1, Negotiation 1, Prime 4, Science 1, Spark 1, Strange 1, Streetwise 1, Unarmed 4 Styles : Augment Endurance 1–2 (universal), Augment Perception 1–2 (universal), Augment Sanity 1 (universal), Creator 1–3 (beast), Natural Aviator 1–4 (beast), Swift Movement 1 (universal) Notes : immune (fire damage) RANK 75 (ELDER) Movement : 8; Flight Movement : 40; Initiative : 21 Attributes : Pow 14, Agi 4, Cog 8, Inf 4 Defenses : End 7, Dod 3, Per 11 (smell 16), San 9 AR : head 9, shoulders 1, chest 12, arms 6, legs 6; natural armor Melee : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +20, DR 15, BAP 1; claw (blade) +20, DR 16, BAP 1 Ranged : breath (fire, 1m AoE or 5m line) +20, DR 18 Omnimancy : Barrage Acidjet (3m, Dodge) +14, DR 6, PD 3, Knock Down; Primal Forcetouch (Perception) +14, DR 3, PD 4, Knock Down; Voidblast (5 w/in 5m, Sanity) +14, DR 6, PD 12, Demoralized 3 Enchantments : Detect Life 3, Generate Noise, Generate Smoke, Lock/Unlock, Prime Armor 3 Expertise : Academics 1, Climbing 1, Deception 3, Intimidate 3, Navigation 1, Negotiation 1, Prime 6, Science 2, Spark 2, Strange 2, Streetwise 2, Unarmed 6 Styles : Augment Endurance 1–2 (universal), Augment Perception 1–3 (universal), Augment Sanity 1–2 (universal), Creator 1–4 (beast), Maneater 1–3 (beast), Natural Aviator 1–4 (beast), Swift Movement 1–3 (universal) Notes : immune (fire damage); may add Bleeding condition to a single bite/claw attack that inflicts wound damage dots FD : 5. Regained : O. -Josh Good evening, backers! A quick update today. Chapter 3: Gear &amp; Gadgets and Chapter 5: Omnimancy are now complete and off to Reid for edits. With those out of the way, I can turn back to Chapters 2 and 7, the largest of the two chapters. I hope to have both done in the next few weeks. The Omnimancy chapter in the progress graphic below says 110%—it should say 100%. I'll correct that in the next update. Josh Howdy folks! Sorry (again) for the lack of update last week. I don't have much to report that moves the sliders on the update page, so I've not updated it. What I do have to report is that both the Gears &amp; Gadgets chapter and the Omnimancy chapter should be in editing this week. After that, I'll resume work on the Book of Beasts chapter which I had to pause in order to finalize decisions in the Gadgets and Omnimancy chapters that related to various beasts and foes. After that, I'm back into the biggest chapter of them all, Hero Creation, which will likely take 2-3 weeks to finalize. The remaining chapters after those are done should be completed in relatively quick order. So while progress has been slow the past few weeks, we're quickly approaching the top of Writing/Re-Writing Mountain and should soon start sliding quickly down it. Josh Happy Quantum Monday, backers! Sorry for last week's missed update. Since the last update two weeks ago, I completed another 25% or so of the Beasts &amp; Foes chapter and over-wrote the Omnimancy chapter by about 10%. This puts the overall project just a hair past 50%. I leapt some major hurdles in my process for designing the stats for beasts and foes (hurray, Excel!) and that vastly improved my speed at finishing the statistics in each profile and making sure they're accurate at the same time. Seriously, any game I've ever worked on, the hardest part is always making stats decisions and then repeatedly double-checking them to make sure your decisions are mathematically correct. Ugh. I love designing games and worlds and characters, but after two or three hours of dancing around a spreadsheet, my eyes glaze over and I smash through the living room window in search of braaaaaaains. -Josh Good afternoon, backers! First I want to say that to those of you who live in the Boston area or may have had friends or family members in the Boston area on Monday, it is my sincere hope that you and all of your friends and loved ones are safe and sound. This was a terrible event and I hope none of you were in harm's way. I spent this past week continuing to push forward toward the finale of the beast and foe chapter. After completing the summaries for most of the beasts and foes, though, I've decided to make a change. The concept of core abilities for the denizens of this chapter was set to mirror the concept of core abilities for the Paradigms. However, the more beasts and foes I completed, the more I struggled to find truly unique core abilities that fit each one of them. And after spending more time than I wanted trying to fill these abilities, I decided to remove core abilities from beasts and foes altogether and leave them as unique additions to the Hero Paradigms. Some beasts or foes may still receive core detriments (such as what the zombaton has in the beta), but the beasts and foes in the final book will each be unique by their appearance, Attributes, Expertise choices, and Styles rather than those features plus a core ability. This change, I think, will also simplify the summaries for each one, free up word count for additional background and ecology information, and give the Guide less information to remember when she guides a scene with several beastly adversaries for the Heroes. I'm curious to hear your thoughts. Josh Good afternoon, backers! This past week was spent zipping through the remaining summaries for each beast and foe (now that the summary is locked down for layout purposes). It didn't really give the project a percentage increase (since the percentages for writing are based on word count), but it did move the project along. A long conversation with a good friend this weekend in which we questioned all of the standard conventions for RPGs led me to an idea that has the strong possibility to push the Quantum RPG up another notch. The Paradigm concept did not change from the beta playtest feedback, it was only slightly modified or improved in places. And the idea that came to me this weekend doesn't really change the concept either, it just moves the camera slightly to the left and gives the idea a fresh perspective. I began to think about the Paradigms I want in the game (both defined Paradigms and the generalist) when it occurred to me that all of the Paradigms break down into four categories: Soldier Archer, Hunter, Myrmidon, Reaver, Slayer, and Warrior Esomancer Sage, Shaman Exomancer Necromancer, Warlock Emissary Corsair, Crusader, Immortal, Progenitor, Troubadour, Valkyrie Soldiers are individuals with some professional training (be it via government, tribe, clan, or gang), Esomancers can access the Suria source, Exomancers can access the Void source, and Emissaries represent specific organizations (pirate clans, the Progenancy, etc). The leap I took after questioning my own conventions was this: there is really no need for a generalist Paradigm. If I take each category as a group with some shared Styles, that allows for customization within those categories. For example, the Archer would have his own Core Ability and ~2 exclusive Styles, but then the other ~4 Archer Styles would be available for all of the Soldiers. This same method of exclusivity and sharing could then be branched out for Esomancers, Exomancers, and Emissaries. Each Paradigm still retains its unique flavor, but now players can have an additional layer of customization as they build and then grow their Hero. The best part of this potential change is that it requires almost no re-writing and no additional design. It's simply a cosmetic change with (I think) profound results. I'm strongly leaning toward implementing this immediately with a follow-up post that quickly details which beta Styles (or Styles Trees as they were in the beta) are exclusive and which can be shared, thus giving you an opportunity to try it out now. But, first, I want to make sure I'm not loving the sound of my own voice. What say you? Like the idea? Or really like the idea? ;-) -Josh Good afternoon, backers! I really hate the term "stat block." I wish I could find another term that I could use universally for the Quantum RPG that doesn't summon images of math formulas in a super max prison. Since I can't, however, I'll just have to keep the term for now. Anyway, some progress was made this week on the beast and foe front. Finished another 10% of the chapter and finally hammered out the details for a stat block that doesn't melt your brain when you look at it. The trade off is that instead of four or five different ranks for each beast or foe's entry in Chapter 8, there will now just be three. The new stat block, I think, is easier to read, easier to manage as a Guide in a fight scene, and just better looking. I hope you agree. Here are two entries (just text) with the new stat blocks. These entries haven't been edited, yet, and haven't gone through their final number crunches, but I'm relatively certain they won't change much in the final book. Let me know what you think. AUTOMATON PANTHER Melee Beast (Bot) Ranks : 20–30 Wound Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1; Fatigue Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1 Core Ability : Automaton panthers gain DR +2 on all attacks vs. unaware defenders. They also gain a +5 bonus on Perception Defense dice tests that involve the sense of smell. Beast Styles : Eviscerator, Maneater Grid : 2x2 BACKGROUND Automaton panthers have the same murky origins as their namesake cousins, the automatons. The reasons for their creation are lost to time, but they show up in much the same way. Automaton panthers awaken in far-flung, often hidden locations and wander for a time before choosing a location to call their territory. Once chosen, automaton panthers never stray from their territory and violently defend it. Pre-awakened automaton panthers are sought after and sold on the black market as guard creatures or exotic pets. ECOLOGY Automaton panthers are silent and deadly hunters, preferring to sneak up on their prey and attack from behind or above. Most automaton panthers adopt a solitary existence in their territory though, rarely, as many as six automaton panthers will form packs and wander a much larger territory than normal. A pack of automaton panthers is a terrifying foe—they wander in the open, they attack everything they come across, and they’ve even been known to run into smaller towns and tear them to pieces. Automaton panthers are sentient, need air to breathe, and need nightly rest. They don’t eat food or drink water, can’t breed, possess no genders, and feel only very basic instinctive emotions. Whatever higher intelligence their automaton cousins possess, automaton panthers have none of it beyond an advanced tactical cunning. Automaton panthers are found in every land environment on Quantum. RANK 20 (MALFUNCTIONING) Movement : 4; Initiative : 7 Attributes : Pow 3, Agi 2, Cog 2, Inf 1 Defenses : End 1, Dod 2, Per 3, San 1 AR : head 2, chest 2, legs 1; natural armor Melee Attacks : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +6, DR 4, BAP 1; claw (blade) +6, DR 5, BAP 1 Expertise : Acrobatics 1, Climbing 1, Stealth 1, Tracking 1, Unarmed 3 Styles : Augment Perception 1 (universal), Maneater 1 (beast) Notes : night vision RANK 25 (NORMAL) Movement : 4; Initiative : 7 Attributes : Pow 4, Agi 3, Cog 2, Inf 1 Defenses : End 1, Dod 2, Per 5, San 1 AR : head 2, chest 2, legs 1; natural armor Melee Attacks : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +13, DR 5, BAP 1; claw (blade) +13, DR 6, BAP 1 Expertise : Acrobatics 1, Climbing 2, Stealth 2, Tracking 1, Unarmed 4 Styles : Augment Perception 1–2 (universal), Eviscerator 1 (beast), Maneater 1 (beast) Notes : night vision RANK 30 (AUGMENTED) Movement : 5; Initiative : 7 Attributes : Pow 5, Agi 4, Cog 2, Inf 1 Defenses : End 1, Dod 3, Per 8, San 1 AR : head 2, chest 2, legs 1; natural armor Melee Attacks : bite (blade &amp; blunt) +15, DR 6, BAP 1; claw (blade) +15, DR 7, BAP 1 Expertise : Acrobatics 1, Climbing 2, Stealth 3, Tracking 1, Unarmed 5 Styles : Augment Perception 1–3 (universal), Eviscerator 1 (beast), Maneater 1–2 (beast) Notes : night vision BANDIT, AZI Melee Foe (Outrider) Ranks : 15–25 Wound Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1; Fatigue Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1 Core Ability : As a Core Action, the bandit can choose to take seven Fatigue Damage dots and perform an Unopposed Stealth Test with a +10 bonus. Should the bandit roll a Hit or better, he successfully flees combat and vanishes into nearby cover, avoiding all non-Prime methods of tracking him. If he fails, he may not choose a Combat Stance. The bandit may not use this ability if taking seven damage dots would reduce him to Exhausted, Lethargic, or Torpor. Foe Styles : Blade Ruse, Evasive Grid : One square BACKGROUND Whether it’s for money or simple survival, there are always those that turn to banditry to make a living. The Wilds of Quantum are perfect for thievery, though bandits can be found everywhere. RANK 15 (ROOKIE) Movement : 5; Initiative : 6 Attributes : Pow 2, Agi 2, Cog 1, Inf 1 Defenses : End 1, Dod 1, Per 1 (Smell 6), San 1 AR : 0 Melee Attacks : knife (blade) +3, DR 2 Ranged Attacks : disposable spark pistol (ballistic, 1–30m) +3, DR 4 Expertise : Bladed Weapons 1, Basic Ranged Weapons 1, Climbing 6, Intimidate 1, Theft 1 Styles : Improved Senses 1 (azi) Gear : disposable Spark pistol, knife, normal clothing, $25 RANK 20 (AVERAGE) Movement : 5; Initiative : 6 Attributes : Pow 3, Agi 3, Cog 1, Inf 1 Defenses : End 1, Dod 2, Per 3 (Smell 8), San 1 AR : chest 2; split leather jacket Melee Attacks : knife (blade) +5, DR 3 Ranged Attacks : shortbow (ballistic, 5–40m) +4, DR 4, BAP 2 Expertise : Bladed Weapons 2, Basic Ranged Weapons 1, Climbing 6, Intimidate 1, Streetwise 1, Theft 1 Styles : Augment Perception (universal), Evasive 1 (foe), Improved Senses 1 (azi) Gear : arrows (10), knife, normal clothing, shortbow, split leather jacket, $40 RANK 25 (VETERAN) Movement : 6; Initiative : 8 Attributes : Pow 3, Agi 3, Cog 2, Inf 2 Defenses : End 1, Dod 2, Per 4 (Smell 9), San 1 AR : shoulders 2, chest 3; HL pauldrons, HL vest Melee Attacks : knife (blade) +11, DR 3 Ranged Attacks : shortbow (ballistic, 5–40m) +5, DR 4, BAP 2 Expertise : Bladed Weapons 8, Basic Ranged Weapons 2, Climbing 6, Intimidate 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 1, Theft 1 Styles : Augment Perception (universal), Blade Ruse 1 (foe), Evasive 1 (foe), Improved Senses 1–2 (azi), Swift Movement 1 (universal) Gear : Apoth-O-Patch, arrows (10), HL pauldrons, HL vest, knife, normal clothing, shortbow, wound foam, $100 Notes : low-light vision -Josh Happy Quantum Update Monday! Small update today. Spent the week tinkering with beast and foe stat blocks (as in, how to make them easier to read) and re-checking chapter 4 so that when we release it as a preview of the final book, there won't be any confusion or headaches (your confusion, my headaches). As a result, there are no changes to the status bar this week. I get a steady stream of address change messages and I want everyone to know that before the book ships (when we get there), I'll be asking each of you to confirm your address before shipping. The last thing I want to do is send your books into the black hole of mail delivery and have it vanish forever. Hold on to your address change messages for now. :-) -Josh Happy Quantum Monday, Backers! Things around Casa de Frost have been quite stressful for a while, compounded by my wife's layoff last month (and my complete lack of an income, hurray!). I'm happy to report she's gainfully employed again (hint: if you're a college student and want a job that gets you snapped off the job market faster than Percy Harvin off the waiver wire, major in accounting) and I'm back to relatively full time work on the game. There have been ... I'll call them "requests" ... for more specific updates about the game's progress. So I threw together an infographic and will update this file each week and re-post it with every update. Here's a bit about each chapter as they stand now: Chapter 1: Completely finished. Chapter 2: 78% of the writing is done and 100% of the art is in. This is by far the largest chapter in the entire book, comprising roughly 40% of the word count. Basically, it's a monster and I've been wrestling with this monster almost exclusively since the new year. Chapter 3: The writing is 100% done ... and then over-written by about 25%. A metric ass load of new gadgets and gear were added to this chapter after beta feedback and after plopping it all in, I discovered I don't have the word count for it. Once I return to this chapter, I need to either trim the words (probably by skipping descriptions on self-explanatory items) or take page count from other chapters to beef up chapter 3. Taking page count from other chapters causes enormous headaches, so I'm going to try to avoid that. 100% of the art is in for this chapter. Chapter 4: 100% of the writing is done and 100% of the art is in. Chapter 4 has been through the first editing pass and now rests with Colleen to reflow the text with edits back into the InDesign file (as this chapter has already been previously laid out--it was our test chapter for the new look of the hardcover). Once that's complete, this chapter will be released in full as a preview of the new rules changes. This is the core chapter of the book, and by getting this out early I think it'll revitalize any beta games still being played and maybe just start up some new ones. Chapter 5: Technically this chapter is 100% written, but I put 90% because I need to re-read it and make the changes from Chapter 4 apply to this chapter as well. 100% of the art is in. Chapter 6: This is a 6,000-word chapter that, while I have it outlined and partially written (about 25%), it's easily my lowest priority and will likely be written last. 100% of the art is in for this chapter. Chapter 7: This chapter is also a beast (literally). I'm about 50% of the way through the writing and 100% of the art is in. Chapter 8: This is also a huge chapter and probably the most art intensive of all of the chapters. I only have about 10% of the art in and Hugo's churning through two of the biggest files for this game right now: the rather enormous full color world map (for the tipped-in poster) and the full-page map of Akyrema City. The chapter is about 50% written, though I have all of the writing turned in from the backers whose pledges got them an opportunity to design a country. This will likely be finished second to last and I'm the most excited about getting to this one. Alas, I need to eat my vegetables (chapters 2 and 7) before I can have dessert (chapter 8). Below is the infographic. Future updates will include the infographic with updates applied to it, even if the update itself is just an art preview or rules preview. Be gentle about the infographic, I'm not a graphic designer. There's a reason writers write and graphic designers graphic design. ;-) Enjoy! -Josh Happy Quantum Monday! A quick preview this week of the delicate situation our iconic Heroes find themselves in while trying to talk a guard into looking the other way so Porphyrion, the mutant reaver, can enter the city. Clearly the guard is unimpressed. No Mutants Allowed! -Josh Evening backers! It's been a while since we've shown you any of the creations that will be found in the Beasts &amp; Foes chapter in the final Quantum Roleplaying Game hardcover. Here are eight: four beasts and four foes. The beasts are: Arthropleura : a real creature that existed on Earth ~300 million years ago Haast's Eagle : another real creature that went extinct on the South Island of New Zealand in 1400 A.D. Nanomite Swarm : a swarm of nano machines that literally devour you from the inside out Spirit Spark : a spirit of advanced technology The foes are: Campaigner : a veteran warrior of countless battles Grizzled Sergeant : a veteran leader of veteran warriors of countless battles Hedge Witch : an individual with raw, innate, shamanistic power Rioter : some men (and women) just want to watch the world burn Enjoy! See you next week! -Josh Good morning, backers! Its been a crazy week, but I'm here to tell you that the rumors of my demise were greatly ... okay, there weren't any rumors of my demise, its just been a nutty week. Today I want to talk about Space. Space has been my inspiration since I was a kid. As long as I can remember, I've obsessed over astronomy, planets, stars, galaxies, astronauts, rocket launches, and crazy guys in Red Bull spacesuits jumping from impossibly high altitudes and breaking the sound barrier on the way down. Space has influenced my taste in art, movies, and books. When I started creative writing for the first time in junior high school, I wrote about Space. (Okay, so my first short story in 8th grade was about a kid who stole money from a carnival, but that experiment ended after that and I wrote non-stop sci-fi and cyberpunk short stories until I was a sophomore in college and my creative writing instructors forced me to write other stuff too.) I'm telling you this, because this obsession with Space culminates with the Quantum Roleplaying Game and this past couple of weeks have been a GOLD MINE of space news for anyone paying attention. I can find inspiration in all of these events for the world of Quantum and future stories told there. 1. The largest single meteor blast (that we know of) since Tunguska 1908 shatters windows and injures 1,500+ people in Chelyabinsk, Russia (nicknamed Tankograd for all you WWII buffs like me). 2. One of the first space tourists (Mssr. Tito) is funding a 500+ day round trip to Mars in 2018 for one lucky married couple. The journey will take the crew within 100 km of Mars, the closest pass will be on the night side of Mars (unfortunately), and the return trip will be the first time a human crew has had to experience aerobreaking (skimming the atmosphere to slow down). Additionally, no human crew has ever hit the atmosphere at 14.2 km/second, so NASA received a grant from Tito to research and design a heat shield that keeps our first Mars tourists from burning to death on their return trip. My wife refuses, but I may have to pretend someone else is my wife and volunteer for this thing. (Sorry, love.) 3. Purely cosmic coincidence, asteroid 2012 DA14 passed within the orbit of the moon (in fact, within the orbit of most satellites) 14 hours after Chelyabinsk. Asteroid 2012 DA14 would have been a very devastating strike had it been just a hair closer (cosmically). These sorts of near misses happen frequently, but combined with the actual hit half a day earlier, 2012 DA14 reminded us with some urgency that we should probably start paying closer attention to the objects that orbit the sun that aren't planets, moons, or astronauts that HAL shot out of the airlock. 4. Mars Rover Opportunity just passed nine years on the red planet. Opportunity was expected to last just 90 days (its twin, Spirit, is now dead but also far exceeded it's original mission expectations), but is now in its 10th year. To put this in perspective, a science blog I read said to imagine that you bought a brand new car with a five year warranty and then drove that car for 180 years with zero maintenance and the car still ran just fine. That's how amazing Opportunity's life span has been. The little rover that could is now more than 20 miles from it's landing spot and even though some quirks have developed in the past decade, the crew on Earth that keeps Opportunity chugging along don't have any immediate worries the rover will stop any time soon. 5. On the other side of Mars, the Mini Cooper-sized Curiosity rover just tested its rock drill and drilled a hole into an exposed rock. At the same location, it used the mast cam to take a self portrait using 60 or so frames selectively edited to remove the mast itself. This offers a unique and very high resolution self portrait of the rover and its surrounding environment. Five really cool things in the realm of space exploration in just a matter of weeks. And all of them possess elements that could make for really good stories in Quantum. What science news are you following? And how would you apply your science interests to a Quantum RPG campaign? See you next week! Josh Happy Quantum Update Monday! Today is a quickie art preview: As the Heroes approach Akyrema City, the mutant reaver (Porphyrion) is injured and needs the human valkyrie (Taatyana) to help him walk. The automaton archer (Fin) points excitedly at the city he's never seen while the azi progenitor (Cole) waves him off in exasperation. You can see that Akyrema City is surrounded by impossibly large walls not tall enough to conceal the cloudscraper towers of the city's core. Beneath the "N" in the Quantum logo, you can see the top of the Progenancy's main building with the metal tower known as the Ladder poking from it and running all the way up to Quantum's sun, Suria (off screen, so to speak). The skies above Akyrema City are buzzing with airships and just above the middle of the wall you can see the massive waterfall that pours into the heart of the city. This image also contains clues about the Time Before—do you see them? -Josh Hey folks, I've held off long enough on this topic, time to address it. I've had two (unfortunately very public) requests for refunds on the Quantum RPG Kickstarter project. I haven't responded yet for two reasons: the requests didn't make sense to me and I needed to read and study the issue to determine an answer. The Quantum RPG Kickstarter project has 580 backers. Two of those backers want a refund. That's .3% of backers. I only include the math because the two individuals asking for a refund are doing so in a manner that's freaking out some of the other backers in other circles ("People are asking for refunds! Is the project dead!?"). While I appreciate their requests and absolutely understand their frustration, Kickstarter projects are not the same as buying a product in a store. Even Kickstarter themselves said as much recently in a blog post titled Kickstarter is Not a Store . <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. I am able and willing to fulfill the reward. The project exceeded it's Estimated Delivery Date and that's all. I'd also like to point out another blog post recently on the Kickstarter blog titled Is lateness failure? <url>"A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.” Second, it ignores what makes Kickstarter so unique: getting to watch a project come to life. The opportunity to see how something is made and to have a hand in its creation is a special thing. If a creator turns the creative process into a story they share with backers, delays don't have to be bad news. Third, it presumes that Kickstarter is a store. Sure, it's unacceptable for a store to ship something late. But Kickstarter is not a store. The Estimated Delivery Date is the creator’s best guess at how things will go, and it’s made at a very early stage in the project’s life. I'm not willing to shortcut the quality of the project in order to push it out. It'll be done once I have all of the art in, once the chapters are fully written, fully edited (twice), and fully laid out. The day I ship the files to the printer is the day I'll be able to announce a release date. Personally, I think Kickstarter makes a huge mistake forcing project creators to put an Estimated Delivery Date on their projects and, now, they're having to post on their blog to address the grumbling about late projects since they didn't make a clear enough point (to backers) that Kickstarter is about watching the creative process on projects you like (and then getting a reward for your backing) and not about shopping in an e-store. Two final thoughts: 1. I owe you a game and weekly updates about the game as it's being worked on. You'll get what I owe you. 2. If you truly do not want your rewards when the game is finished and being shipped out to backers, I will refund your money then. I'm not a monster. One more final final thought: I'm just a guy, okay? It's just me. I'm human, I'm not perfect, I have personal life issues like everyone else, and this project has become something far larger than what was intended. I love this project. I love my backers. If you feel I've been short, angry, quiet, disheartened, or rude, it seriously makes me sad to hear it. It's never been my intent to be any of those things, especially toward my backers, and I would encourage everyone to not infer emotion via the written word. Emotion is impossible to determine sometimes online without dozens of emoticons ;-) :-) :-O :-P. I'm working. Hugo is working. The project moves closer to completion every day. Let me get it there, let me update you weekly about it, and I believe you'll love the results. Every day I see things in the game that make me excited. My enthusiasm for this project has only grown since the beginning. I owe this project to you, the backers. I owe it to you in the sense that you are owed your rewards, but also in the sense that without you, I wouldn't have been able to work on it at all at the levels Hugo and I (and Blake and Colleen and Reid and Drew and Kyle) have been able to. Thank you for backing the project. Seriously, I love you guys. #Cartman -Josh Happy Quantum Monday, backers! Today I'm going to talk about where the Quantum RPG is headed after the core rulebook releases. This was one of the requested topics when I asked a few weeks back on my author Facebook page and on the Infinite X Studio Facebook page and I've heard a few people worry aloud that Quantum won't be more than just a single book. Time to address all of those things. My very first instinct was to follow the path of many RPGs before and release an iconic adventure as the first product after the core rulebook. Instead, I went against that instinct and tried the failed Kickstarter for Akyrema City: Quantum's Core. In hindsight, a bad idea all around. So I'm now firmly back on my instinct: the first product after the Quantum RPG core rulebook will be an iconic adventure called Singularity . It will explore multiple locations around the world and offer up roleplaying and combat scenes that I consider iconic to the setting. I'm not sure quite yet if this is a mega-adventure format (96+ pages) or something closer to a one- or two-session adventure clocking in around 32 pages. Over the years in the hobby industry, I've learned the conventional wisdom that Adventures Don't Sell. The exception to that wisdom seems to almost always be the first one: it sells so folks can get a better sense of the world through play experience and then, typically, the follow-up adventures either sell poorly or, sadly, not at all. I don't want to build the Quantum RPG backbone on products that, in my experience, are poor sellers (or simply unpopular). So the plan after the adventure is to release everybody's favorite accessory: a monster book! Entitled Book of Beasts, Vol 1 , Quantum's first beast book will add 256 additional pages of beasts and foes, including rules for designing your own. After that, the Akyrema City: Quantum's Core book is planned as are a massive Quantum atlas, a book that expands all of the Paradigms and races (and includes rules for creating your own), and then perhaps another Beast book etc etc. I'm assigning no dates to any of these until they're ready and plans can shift and change so I won't guarantee any of these, though I will say I'm excited about all of them. What do you want to see? Once you've got a couple of copies of the Quantum RPG in your hands, where would you like to see the game go? See you next week! Josh Happy Quantum Update M̷o̷n̷d̷a̷y̷ Wednesday! Crazy week! Sorry for the delay. Like sands through the hour glass, these are the Other Paradigms (of our lives) ... The Other Paradigms (Part 2 of 2) As I said in Part 1, the beta contained six Paradigms that I considered to be "core concept" Paradigms. Core concept means that while all Paradigms function differently aesthetically, the mechanics of how every Paradigm functions can be beta-tested via six Paradigms rather than all 17. The beta covered the archer, progenitor, reaver, shaman, valkyrie, and warlock. Part 1 covered the corsair, crusader, generalist, hunter, and immortal. Here's a little bit about the final seven: Myrmidon The myrmidon is an incredibly brave melee fighter who relies on his enhanced Sanity Defense and skill with spear and shield to get in close and fight beasts or foes who could easily frighten away lesser Paradigms. Many myrmidons can use 2H spears 1H so long as they wield a shield in the off hand. The myrmidon can choose from Styles like hoplite (a 2H spear + shield fighting style), javelineer, valiant (a new Stance), and veteran. Necromancer The necromancer is one of the more terrifying paradigms. She views dead things—such as dead animals or dead humans—as simple material tools that can be used as easily as a hammer or a sword. She's an accepted Paradigm among the ranks of Heroes on Quantum, but her obsessions tend to push her to the fringe of society. The necromancer can choose from Styles like corrosimancer, mortui scientiae (probing the minds of the deceased for information), psychomancer, and reanimator. Sage The sage is a straight-forward scientific healer. He's just as likely found in a clinic in a major city as he is on the road with a Fellowship of Heroes. There's very little art in the healing prowess of the sage—his skills come from thousands of hours of careful study, examination, and practice. The sage can choose from Styles like churgeon, enermancer, philosopher, or watcher (a new Stance). Shaman The shaman is as much a healer as the previously discussed sage, but she prefers to practice her medicine and healing in the Wilds between the cities. She believes the urban life to be among the causes of disease and despair and lives a casual and simple life healing and treating the rural villagers who are among the more destitute people on Quantum. The shaman can choose from styles such as ferocimancer, herbalist (making potions and salves), prophet (a new Stance), and Suria invoker (summoning terrifying sun-infused spirits). Slayer The hunter roams the wilderness and lives off the land—the slayer roams Quantum and hunts down and destroys specific types of beasts. He begins play with a chosen beast type and over time he improves his abilities to seek out and destroy dangerous beasts of that type. Eventually he can also broaden his abilities to additional beast types, improving his abilities versus them as well. Troubadour The troubadour was trained from birth to be two things: a court performer (poet, actor, musician, comedian) and a spy. Troubadours as a whole collect information from their various courts and pass them back to their training school where the information is collated, studied, and sold to the highest bidder. Troubadours are secretive, smart, and stylish. The troubadour can choose from Styles like creator adept (he can learn exomancy or esomancy equations but takes physical wound damage dots when performing them), poisoner, sleeper, and strange blade (the art of dealing wound damage unseen). Warrior The warrior is the classic combatant clad in shining armor, wielding a shield and sharpened sword, while slicing and bashing his way through the battlefield. His core ability revolves around a simple taunt mechanic that unintelligent foes can't resist and intelligent foes resist with their Sanity Defense. The warrior can choose from Styles such as dragoon, guardian (a new Stance), shield master, and zweihander. See you next week! -Josh Happy Quantum update Monday, backers! We'll continue last week's two-part post next week—today we talk about what changed from Quantum's beta version to the final version being worked on right now. A lot of the changes were cosmetic: trimming the names for things, adjusting the flow of information, and so on. Examples for both include Combat Stances are now called Stances and the entire Hero creation section was re-written and re-organized for clarity. More complicated changes include: 1. The dice test table was removed entirely and the method for determining success was simplified. Since the table had a simple math formula behind it, that same simple math formula could be applied as a bonus to a die roll instead. Rather than finding your step, rolling the d100, and consulting the step for the result type (Hit, Miss, or Ace), you instead now add together all of the bonuses and penalties to the roll to determine a modifier and add/subtract that modifier to/from a d100 roll. If you roll 50 or higher, it's a Hit. If you roll 100 or higher, it's an Ace. 2. The armor traits that reduced specific damage types and the weapon traits that reduced certain armor types were removed. They were unnecessarily complex in a system that strives to be simple and after running into them as road blocks during playtesting rather than calculating them as added flavor, I decided the entire system needed to go. All of the armor and weapon statistics were adjusted instead, to create additional differences between each weapon and armor set and to bring down the prices of many of the more common items. 3. The amount of money gained at Hero creation was increased and every Hero begins play with a set of basic clothing and either a knife or a club (choose one). This should address issues at Hero creation with Paradigms that require more expensive weapons (archer, hunter, etc) being able to start with at least a basic version of their required weapon. 4. The gear section of Chapter 3 was massively expanded to include many additional common items and a few new Quantum-specific items. So there you have it: some things to think about as we finish the game and you continue to play Quantum with the beta. Until next week! Josh Happy Quantum Update Monday! This past week I asked over on my Facebook author page and on the Infinite X Studio Facebook page what folks would like to see previewed or further explained in the next few updates. These were the requests: * Info about the Paradigms not in the beta that will be in the final game. * What changed from the beta to the final game? * Character creation. * Future products supporting the game. * A schedule of how I will travel the world to Guide the game for everyone (thanks, Ben!). That looks like a healthy request list. Why don't I just tackle them in order, one update at a time? The Other Paradigms (Part 1 of 2) The beta contained six Paradigms that I considered to be "core concept" Paradigms. Core concept means that while all Paradigms function differently aesthetically , the mechanics of how every Paradigm functions can be beta-tested via six Paradigms rather than all 17. The beta covered the archer, progenitor, reaver, shaman, valkyrie, and warlock. Here's a little bit about the rest: Corsair The corsair is a mobile fighter who relies on her expertise with small weapons and her knack of staying on her feet in a fight no matter how much the deck (ground, floor, etc) shifts beneath her. She can choose from Styles like anchor (a new Stance), duelist, navigator, and swashbuckler. Crusader The crusader fights a daily battle to keep the Void at bay, sacrificing his physical stamina to protect those around him. He can choose from Styles like gloom scholar, lightbringer, shadow guard (a new Stance), and turnabout. Generalist You know the generalist by his many other names: jack-of-all-trades, expert, renaissance man, know-it-all. The generalist has a free hand determining his Styles, though he's restricted from many Styles considered exclusive to their associated Paradigms. The generalist cannot be an esomancer or an exomancer, but he can learn enchantment equations if he chooses Prime as his root damage scale. Hunter Great with ranged weapons and an expert of all things wilderness, the hunter roams The Wilds between Quantum's urban centers surviving off the land and putting down the occasional beast that gets in her way. She's rarely far from her war dog, a highly trained companion that serves the hunter as a loyal friend, guardian, and tracker. She can choose from Styles like companion (improves her war dog), predator, survivor, and trapper. Immortal An immortal is "created" through a months-long process that is as arduous as it is horrifically painful—very few who submit to the process survive it. The immortal is forbidden to use melee or ranged weapons (he can't even hold one in his hands or carry one on his person) and so trains constantly to hone his hand-to-hand fighting skills. He heals faster than normal and can't be killed unless his brain (or CPU if he's an automaton) is removed completely and burned to ashes. (This is the only known way to increase the lifespan of an automaton and the Immortals who know the secrets to the process aren't talking.) He can choose from Styles like athlete, bodyguard, fearless, and grappler. End of Part 1. Part 2 features the myrmidon, necromancer, sage, slayer, troubadour, and warrior. -Josh Howdy folks! First: large apologies for a month of silence. Not cool on my part and I own that and apologize. Personal issues got in the way of most everything, but work hasn't stopped. The game progresses and I've put three new art previews below that I'll explain in a moment. I'm not a huge fan of New Year's resolutions, but I'm going to make one and keep it: every Monday from now until the game is at the printer will be Quantum Update Monday. You will get one update per week every week on Monday* minimum guaranteed. Nothing raises anxiety over a project you're dedicated to than hearing nothing about that project for extended periods of time and that's going to stop now. On to the art! Hugo has been pumping out art on a regular basis for the last month now trying desperately to clear his end of this project. You might think working faster means the work is diminished but this is definitely not the case with Mr. Solis. His work, if anything, gets better! I've seen a lot of pieces since before the holidays and what I'm struck by repeatedly is the idea that he's very clearly got an idea for how all this stuff looks and it looks amazing. The first art piece features our iconic Progenitor back-to-back with our iconic Archer in a bar brawl. I absolutely love the visualizations Hugo gives to Omnimancy—I knew it needed to look different than your average fantasy RPG magic system and I conveyed that to Hugo and trusted him to make it different but fun. I think he has. What say you? The second art piece features the four primary iconics (Progenitor, Archer, Valkyrie, and Reaver) battling two automaton panthers. Again, notice how Hugo is defining the look of Omnimancy as the Progenitor performs an Omnimancy Equation that pulls the leaping automaton panther apart. Brilliant. The final art piece for today's preview is your first on the ground look at Akyrema City. Notice the blend of old world classic architecture and crazy futuristic stylings. This was my art order verbatim for this scene: "This is a bustling street scene. Everyone is clean. The iconics should stand out like sore thumbs here—they are dirty and road weary. Glass buildings, modern-looking streets, street lights. The focus is on the difference between the battered iconics and the clean city." I'm working with Hugo on this project because he can take a rather meager art order description like that and turn it into something amazing. Until next Monday! -Josh * Pacific Time (usually A.M.) Good evening, backers! Today's preview is a two-for: First up is the chapter header art. One of the suggestions we received during the beta was that the final book needed some fiction to help bring the world to life. I wasn't interested in dumping page count for thousands of words of fiction, but I did really like the idea of adding fiction to the visual story being told throughout the half-page art pieces in the book. To that end, every chapter starts with a half-page piece of awesome Hugo Solis art and a little 150-word fiction burst attached to that image. In a previous update (and again in this one) we featured the half-page art from Chapter 1. Now I'll show off the fiction that goes with it! ---------- “If it matters to anyone,” Cole said in her deadpan monotone, “I fixed the engine.” “Amazing work,” snarled Porphyrion as he helped Fin to stand. “If you’re going to wait that long to do something helpful next time, jump overboard instead.” “Shut up!” yelled Taatyana, her weapons drawn. “That dragon’s not dead—she’s pissed off. Get Fin up so we can move out.” Porphyrion grabbed Fin and brushed scorch marks off the automaton’s metal exterior. “Thank you, Porphyrion,” Fin said, his voice its usual perfect crispness. He turned to Taatyana. “I suggest we walk to the next town, boss. If my reading of the coastline as we plummeted toward it was correct, we’re just outside one of Akyrema City’s outer suburbs. We can be there before nightfall.” “Out of the three of you, why is the robot the only useful one?” said Taatyana. “No offense, old man.” Fin tilted his head to the side and said, “None taken, meat bag.” ---------- I hope you enjoyed that! The second preview is the final Example of Play text in Chapter 1. Read through it and see if you can spot any of the rules changes post-beta. Enjoy! ---------- EXAMPLE OF PLAY Below is an example of a scene with a Guide and her four players: Ryan, Jessica, Emily, and Ben. Guide : You enter a crowded pub in Akyrema City, the smell of alcohol and the sound of laughter filling your senses. What do you do? Ryan (progenitor): I look around the pub. Do I see our contact? Guide : You see him in the far corner, a hood pulled down over most of his face. Jessica (valkyrie): I start pushing through the crowd, shouting, “Make way, lads!” Emily (archer): I follow Jessica. Ben (reaver): I stay near the door. Guide : Ryan, Jessica, and Emily, you make your way to the table with very little trouble. Ben, what is your Perception Defense? Ben : My Perception Defense is six. Guide : Someone is watching you, but he’s trying to do so stealthily. His Agility + Stealth is 10, your Perception Defense is six, so his total modifier is +4. [rolls d100] He rolls 35, a Miss. You easily spot a man at the bar intently watching you and your friends. Ben : I keep an eye on him and an eye on the front door. Guide : Take a –5 penalty to your Perception Defense since you’re splitting your attention between the door and the bar. Ben : Got it. Guide : Jessica, Emily, and Ben—what are you up to? Jessica : I approach our contact and say the passphrase: “Suria shines in the morning.” Guide : Your contact gestures for you to sit. There are two other seats. Ryan : I’ll stand and watch the crowd, my back to the table. Jessica : I sit down. Emily : Me too! Guide : As soon as you sit down, your contact pulls back the hood of his cloak. But it’s not a man: it’s a human woman. She says, “Obviously I’m not your contact—he was a trap.” Jessica : I draw my Spark pistol, but keep it under the table. Ryan : Did I hear the human woman say that? Guide : No, it’s much too loud and you have your back turned. Emily : I reach back and tug on Ryan’s sleeve. Guide : Just as you do, there’s a loud crash from the front door! Ben : What do I see? Guide : The door is kicked open and two male mutants stand there, axes ready. All four of you hear the door crash open—you can see the two mutants, but I need you all to call out your Perception Defenses. Jessica : 8! Ryan : 3! Emily : 2! Ben : With the –5 penalty, my Perception Defense is 1. Guide (rolls several d100 rolls): Ben, you see the man at the bar stand up and draw an axe from under his cloak. Jessica, you see that man and another one step out from the nearby shadows with an axe. Ryan, you see the man at the bar but not the man in the shadows. Emily, you’re oblivious to any foes other than the two mutants at the door. Initiative time! [ The Guide determines the order of action by Initiative ] Guide : Ben, you go first! Ben : I draw my axe and move to block the door! Guide : Remember to write down your Stance, Ben. Next is the guy at the bar—he raises his axe and screams, “Leave the pub now or die!” and moves three meters toward the table. Jessica! Jessica : I stand with a Free Action and point my Spark pistol at the man in the shadows. I fire as an Attack Tactic. Guide : Your Spark pistol roars! Perform a Combat Test, Agility + Spark Pistols. His Dodge Defense is four. Jessica : My Agility + Spark Pistols is 10, so I subtract his Dodge Defense and get a modifier of +6 on my roll. [rolls d100] I rolled 67 on the dice for a total of 73—a Hit! Guide : [rolls for the defender]: Excellent shot! What’s the Spark pistol’s DR? Jessica : Nine. Guide : His AR is five—he takes four dots of wound damage. And so on. Each player directs his or her Hero during the scene, and the Guide directs the flow of combat and controls the human woman (an ally) as well as the four mutant males with axes (assassins sent to stop the Heroes). Combat continues until one side wins or one side flees. Hello backers! Today I've decided to pull the plug on the beta. After thousands of downloads, hundreds of feedback posts, and dozens of hours reviewing and taking note of potential changes, the beta has served its purpose. We're well on our way with the final book with final writing being cleared daily and editing and layout in progress on several chapters already. The beta will remain available for download until the final book's PDF is released, but the time to provide feedback is over. As I get final edits back, I'll be previewing changes (including the whole of Chapter 4: Challenges &amp; Combat) that were made to the final game after the 3-1/2 month long beta. I personally think the changes have made the game infinitely better and those changes wouldn't have been possible without the excellent feedback we received. We're also beating the last art needs out of Hugo Solis and so I thought I'd put an art preview up today. This is the first piece of 1/2 page Chapter intro art in the book and continues the story established on the cover with our iconic Heroes battling the dragon. In this piece, we see the ship has crashed and our Heroes are trying to pull themselves together to flee the crash sight before the dragon returns. Enjoy! Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Hello! I'm incredibly proud to bring you the final cover art for the Quantum Roleplaying Game. In a few days we'll bring you another preview of the art, but this time plugged into the final cover with logos and graphic design. One of our layout theories for the core rulebook is that every piece of half-page art is a scene in a continuous story. That story begins on the cover. Our Heroes—automaton archer Fin, azi progenitor Cole, mutant reaver Porphyrion, and human valkyrie Taatyana—are on their way to Akyrema City so Cole can deliver a secretive device to her bosses at The Progenancy. Before they reach their destination, however, they blunder into the territory of a dragon who makes short work of the airship's crew and the archer, reaver, and valkyrie fight valiantly to keep the dragon from doing further damage to the ship while the progenitor stretches the bounds of her Equations to keep the ship from immediately falling from the sky. Will they succeed? You'll find out inside. :-) Enjoy! Hey folks! Quick update here: I've been sick as a dog for a week now and buried in work before that, so my apologies for being so quiet this month. Final art is coming in fast this week (and hopefully all of it will be in soon). Chapter 4 is still in edit, but it's otherwise complete and I still hope to get it out for preview as soon as possible so everyone can see the changes from the beta as they apply to the core chapter of the book. As for the beta, it continues to be a resounding success. Thousands of downloads and hundreds of solid feedback posts that I've spent this month collating and applying to the rules. Overall, I'm absolutely thrilled with the response from the beta. Couldn't be happier. I've been quiet on the boards for the above reasons and because the beta feedback has slowed to a trickle, so I'm focused on applying the beta feedback to the rules and pushing through all of the final chapters. We're progressing slowly, but progressing nonetheless. Take care, Josh Attention Backers! We've added several new pledge levels to the Akyrema City: Quantum's Core project after receiving amazing feedback about the existing pledge levels. You can find them here by looking down the right hand side for anything marked [NEW!] or read about them below. Enjoy! Pledge $10 or more [NEW!] Level 0: We understand that not every one can give for the higher tiers, so anyone who pledges $10 or more will see their names in a special thank you section at the very beginning of the book AND will get exclusive access to a Design section (opening soon) of the Quantum RPG forums ( www.infiniteXstudio.com/forums ) where you will get to see exclusive previews of ALL products before they release. Also comes with a special forums badge and title. Pledge $35 or more [NEW!] DIGITAL ONLY LEVEL: Pledge $35 and get just the electronic PDF copies of the Quantum Roleplaying Game core rulebook (one week before its release) and Akyrema City: Quantum's Core (also one week before it's release). Pledge $55 or more [NEW!] Quantum RPG book + Akyrema City PDF Level: ***US ADDRESSES ONLY*** Pledge $55 to receive the Quantum Roleplaying Game hardcover on its release date and an electronic PDF copy of Akyrema City: Quantum's Core one week before its release. Pledge $65 or more [NEW!] Quantum RPG ONLY Level: ***INTERNATIONAL ADDRESSES ONLY*** Pledge $65 to receive the Quantum Roleplaying Game hardcover on its release date and an electronic PDF copy of Akyrema City: Quantum's Core one week before its release. Pledge $500 or more [Limit: 5] [NEW!] COMP LIST LEVEL: **INTERNATIONAL AND U.S. ADDRESSES*** You receive everything listed in the Level 7 rewards and you (as well as everyone who pledges this dollar amount or higher) are added to the complimentary (comp) list for Infinite X Studio, guaranteeing that you will receive every future Quantum RPG book, PDF, shirt, poster, promotional item, novel, anthology, and more. Pledge $2,700 or more [Limit: 3] [NEW!] SUPER DELUXE LEVEL: ***US AND CANADIAN ADDRESSES ONLY*** You receive everything listed in the Level 10 backer rewards (except that you're guaranteed to get limited edition books between #81 and #130) AND I will personally fly to your home and spend an entire day running the Quantum RPG for you and a group of up to 5 of your friends or family. As an added bonus, you can tell me the exact kind of adventure you'd like me to run as a Guide before my arrival and when I get there I will have a custom-created adventure just for your group of players never again to be run for or sold to anyone else. Pledge $3,700 or more [Limit: 3] [NEW!] SUPER WORLD DELUXE LEVEL: ***ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD*** You receive everything listed in the Level 10 backer rewards (except that you're guaranteed to get limited edition books between #81 and #130) AND I will personally fly to your home ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD* and spend an entire day running the Quantum RPG for you and a group of up to 5 of your friends or family. As an added bonus, you can tell me the exact kind of adventure you'd like me to run as a Guide before my arrival and when I get there I will have a custom-created adventure just for your group of players never again to be run for or sold to anyone else. *I reserve the right to refuse to travel to locations in the world where the US State Department advises Americans not to travel. While I reserve this right, I'm an adventurous individual and I doubt I'll refuse. We may have to game in an adjacent country though. ;-) Ask and ye shall receive! I've had a lot of requests in the past weeks for additional information about the world of Quantum itself (as opposed to the rules themselves). This post contains a general overview of the Twelve Nations, the Progenancy, Akyrema City, and the Wilds. Also, you'll find the incredibly rough map we sent out to the authors of the nations as reference. The final world map will, of course, look much cooler. Enjoy! As a friendly reminder, we're still running the Akyrema City Kickstarter . We have 21 days to go and we're 19% funded. Please consider backing Akyrema City—we can't do it without your support. :-) The Twelve Nations Ackarian Confederacy (Nation #7) Spires at War Government : Confederate Oligarchy Demonym : Ackarian Most Ackarians today believe their nation was founded by refugees of tyranny and persecution in a foreign land, most likely Thuleizan. Over time, the Ackarian cities and townships that sprang up all across the lowlands and mountainous regions west of Malsurvia, bonded together in a single Confederacy of free people typically ruled at the local level by oligarchs. The region flourished for many centuries with hundreds of thousands of azi, automaton, and human settlers streaming in to escape war, poverty, or famine by establishing new townships with new ideas about governance. Twenty years ago, a mysterious device from the Time Before was discovered on the then border between the Ackarian Confederacy and Malsurvia. Both nations spent a great deal of time trying to uncover its purpose before the Progenancy could swoop in and remove it. They hoped, naively, that it might be some new power source or a weapon to overthrow the Progenancy's world control. Whatever it was, will never be known, however, as the device exploded after a few weeks of study killing thousands and wiping several Ackarian and Malsurvian towns off the map. Both nations began fighting to alter their borders to encompass as much of the blast area as possible—hoping to discern the device's purpose from the wreckage—and today there exists a partial wasteland between both called the Disputed Lands where few make their homes, but where two nations have made 20 years of war. Arachosia Subjugated Vassal State Government : Consular Republican Vassalage Demonym : Arachosian Arachosia is laden with natural resources and technological ruins from the Time Before. It's a human-controlled state well-connected by Spark train running from the main continent down the peninsula to Akyrema City. It's "ruled" by a seven-member council that can only make decisions on a 4-3 or better majority. There's also a Public Assembly filled with random citizens randomly selected for a one year term. Neither the ruling council nor the PA have any real power as the Progenancy rules Arachosia. Arachosia is peaceful, the next most "modern" state on Quantum outside of Akyrema City (though it's still rather medieval by today's standards), and it stays out of the world's political affairs unless the Progenancy says otherwise. Damavand Severed Sovereignty Government : ??? Demonym : Damavandi Damavand was once a mighty technocracy, ruled by a scientific elite and standing in constant opposition to the Progenancy's assertion of dominance over all of the technologies of Quantum. The might of Damavand crested in 830 when the nation formally demanded the Progenancy release every word of it's technological secrets to every government of the world. When the Progenancy refused, Damavand built a multi-nation army and marched on Akyrema City, only to be nearly annihilated by the city's ultra-modern defenses. This silenced Damavand for a time, but in the spring of 834, the willful technocracy once again demanded the Progenancy's secrets—this time, however, they claimed to have possession of a Time Before super weapon that they'd use to "erase Akyrema City from existence" if their demands weren't met. That summer, the Progenancy proved it's authority when it disconnected the entire nation of Damavand from the Prime Source, plunging the once mighty technocracy into darkness and chaos. Today, Damavand is a mystery. The things that live there occasionally scream forth into The Shrieking Wilds, a no man's land patrolled by Malsurvia. The Malsurvians who speak of their encounters with the denizens of Damavand (and there are very few of those) describe pitiful, violent, half-human terrors that beg for death while screaming for human flesh. No one who enters Damavand is ever seen again. Free Cities of Kadjar (Nation #12) United Against Tyranny Government : Assembled Council of City States Demonym : Kadjariot On a map, the Free Cities of Kadjar seem distant from the other civilized nations, cut off by land mass or ocean. In reality, they are just below (or above) Akyrema City, a nearly straight line up and away from the Free Cities, past Suria, and back down to Quantum's Core. The Free Cities are four allied city states—Anchor's Landing, Avesta, Diamond Springs, and Fort Barricade—and their associated vassal cities, towns, and farming communities founded by an azi named Quintus I in the year 14 by uniting once warring city states into a single front against barbarism and piracy. Each city state sends one representative to a council in Avesta and the ruler of the council—called the Kadjar—rotates between each state every five years. For nearly a thousand years this system has allowed the Free Cities to grow, prosper, and remain largely peaceful. An interesting feature within the borders of the Free Cities is a region that borders with the Venom Strand. Called the Razi Tar Pits, it's a swampy, vegetation-thick wasteland filled with thousands of bubbling tar pools. The tar itself is tinged blue and the chemical smell it gives off causes breathing trouble and even death for those not prepared. Before the Progenancy asserted its complete control of the region, scientists, explorers, and archaeologists from the Free Cities found hundreds of technological secrets from the time before throughout the Razi Tar Pits and today it remains an enticing target for the brave and foolhardy willing to risk the Progenancy's security to sneak into the region and search for dangerously buried treasure. Kadru (Nation #8) Cradle of the Azi Government : Loosely Affiliated Democracy Demonym : Kadric Kadru is a nation built on gathering, sharing, and trading information with the rest of Quantum. It's culture has long been steeped in traditions of scholarship and discipline and its known the world over as a land of vast libraries, prosperous trade and agriculture, safe trade routes, and immaculately clean cities. Nearly 40% of the nation's population are azi and most azi on Quantum believe their species began at a location in Kadru called Ora Mountain. Kadru is mostly comprised of small communities run by locally elected volunteers. Kadru's capital, Astikua, is the home to Oracular Council—an assembly comprised of local representatives from across the nation—and to the vast forested campuses of the Jongleur—an academy of colleges devoted to training Quantum's best Troubadours. While rumors abound that the Jongleur is nothing more than a front for an army of trained spies, the Jongleur's First Chair Aiden Skroding laughs that off as the delusional imaginings of talentless former students. Malsurvia (Nation #9) Beset by Battle Government : Oligarchy Demonym : Malsurvian Malsurvia is a nation surrounded by violent struggle. To the east are the Shrieking Wilds, filled with all manner of terrors that continue to spring forth from doomed Damavand. To the west, Malsurvia is at war with the Ackarian Confederacy, a war they were once clearly winning but with their military resources split between the two conflicts, Malsurvia may have to admit soon that they are slowly losing. Malsurvia's original capital, Roembek, now lies abandoned in the Disputed Lands, partially reduced to rubble by the explosion that started the war and then emptied by constant warfare along its once broad and beautiful paved streets. Though the fighting stays mainly to semi-permanent lines at both fronts, the interior villages and towns of Malsurvia feel the pressures of warfare as they must work to provide the nation and its soldiers with weapons, armor, food, salt, wagons, and so on. With most of the strong and hardy men and women fighting at the front, the young and old are usually the only ones left in the interior towns and this has made them frequent targets of banditry. Years of such attacks, though, have made it common practice for weapon training to begin at a very young age for all of the children of Malsurvia and the elderly never balk at the idea of grabbing a shield and spear and spilling raider blood in the dirt. Republic of Aranam (Nation #5) Ruled by Amnesia Government : Republican Meritocracy Demonym : Aranamite The Republic of Aranam is the youngest nation on Quantum, formed just over a century ago when feuding city states finally set aside their century's old differences and united under a single political, economic, and military ideology. The people of Aranam are fiercely proud of their young nation and, indeed, it's economic power on the world stage has grown every year since its founding. The leaders of Aranam credit the people with this growth—the people credit the Veil. The Veil is a bizarre piece of Time Before technology that possesses the ability to remove specific memories and knowledge from the mind. Housed inside a Progenancy Outpost on Mt. Veratha (where it was discovered), the room-sized Veil created a national government free of bias and self-interest. Once chosen for office by the bureaucracy, a citizen soon-to-be Governor of the Council is taken to the Progenancy Outpost where the bureaucracy subjects him to the Veil's power and turns him into the perfect politician. Thereafter, he spends his days of service building only the nation's political, economic, and military might and not lining his pockets with graft. Not everything's perfect in Aranam, however. The bureaucracy grows increasingly paranoid as of late that rival nations are planting spies throughout the country set on bringing down Aranam's growing power. A violent, fledgling secret police took hold in the last decade and they search the country from border to border constantly, finding and removing anyone suspected of spying. The citizens of the republic grumble quietly about these developments, but so long as their amnestic government continues to make life better for everyone not in the custody of the secret police, they don't grumble too loud or too often. Rudriya (Nation #11) Unitary Xenophobes Government : Secretocracy Demonym : Rudrudian Rudriya is a human-centric, highly-xenophobic society. Non citizens are allowed in only with an official government guide called a Shepherd. Being caught illegally in Rudriya results swiftly in punishments ranging from permanent expulsion to death. Rumors abound that Rudriya's xenophobia comes from the nation's secretive ruling authority called Control, who are—the rumors say—conducting genetic experiments on the citizenry, holding on to a secret cache of weapons from the Time Before, building an army to challenge the Progenancy, or a nation of slaves ruled by the Void. Even among the citizens of Rudriya, these rumors are known, but none dare utter them publicly should any Shepherds hear it and report the rumormongering to Control. Sovereign Principality of Deska (Nation #3) Chivalry and Honor Government : Feudal Monarchy Demonym : Deskan Named after Deska, known to all in the sovereign realm as the First Knight, this nation is a land of chivalry and honor with the precepts of the First Knight followed unquestioningly. Knights are taught from birth that to befoul one's honor brings shame on the knight, the knight's family, all of Deska, and on the memory of the First Knight herself. Since the First Knight, though, the definition of honor has changed and with each barony fielding its own knightly order, the precepts have as many interpretations as there are barons. Deska is ruled by a Crown Prince who sits on the throne in Haryma. There are five baronies, each of whom have sworn fealty to the Prince, and each of whom teaches a radically different view of the precepts. These radically different views have resulted in radically different ideas of what "fealty" means as several of the baronies actively work against their sovereign and at least one has tried to kill him. Sulstan (Nation #6) Founded by Order Government : Consular Plutocracy Demonym : Sulstanite Sulstan was founded by one of the first known awakened automatons less than 20 years after the incident that ended the Time Before. The automaton's name is lost to history, but many believe it was likely something similar to the nation's current name, since morphed into "Sulstan" over a millennia. The Founder's greatest legacy was not his name, however, it was his legendary rebuilding and reactivation of the Grand Vats, a Time Before technology that produces massive quantities of protein-rich fungus (known today as "slab") that kept the first citizens of Sulstan from starving to death and is the nation's primary food export today. Though the Progenancy now manages and guards the Grand Vats, they've never attempted to halt its operations. The public believes this is because the Progenancy would have instantaneous world-wide resistance on their hands were the Progenancy to cut off a massive source of food, but some believe it to be a more sinister reason: Sulstan's ruling party, the Prime Order, is a puppet of the Progenancy. Whether or not it's true that the Progenancy secretly controls Sulstan via the Prime Order is of no consequence to most Sulstanites, but those who believe this idea to be true are among the leaders of the resistance movement quietly but actively pushing back against the Progenancy's stranglehold on Time Before technology worldwide. Thuleizan (Nation #10) Humanity's Imperium Government : Kratocracy Demonym : Thule or Imperial The Imperium was built within the ruins of a great nation from the Time Before that the Thules call the Ancients. The Thules rebuilt the roads, rediscovered the Spark Trains, rediscovered and advanced electric lighting, and adopted methods from the Time Before to handle water supplies and waste disposal. Their population centers are rigid and ordered with monolithic architecture and a firm foundation of nationalistic (some would say xenophobic) pride. Thules tend to be among the most racist humans on Quantum—they despise and murder mutants, distrust azi, claim the allegiance of all of humanity, and mockingly refuse to admit that automatons are alive in any sense (frequently calling them pejoratives like toy and robot). The nation is ruled by one party, called Red Hand, and their iconography is everywhere—draped from the sides of government buildings, hanging as shields from pillars and posts, emblazoned on the front of military and police uniforms, and even stamped on every export. It's taboo in the Imperium to participate in any anti-government activities and though not strictly illegal, Red Hand ignores public shaming of such organizations all the way up to outright murder, most of which is carried out by Red Hand's loosely affiliated gang of nationalistic thugs known simply as Crimson. The nation is broken into several regional territories each ruled by a Red Hand appointed Regent who in turn appoints district, county, municipal, and neighborhood leaders in order to maintain Red Hand's strict authority. Corruption is rampant but conducted in secret—publicly-discovered corruption is punished by swift execution lest the people come to believe Red Hand is morally bankrupt and attempt to subvert their authority. Zurvan Protectorates (Nation #4) Quantum's Purse Government: Plutocracy Demonym: Zurvan The Zurvan Protectorates lie atop the dry and hellishly hot Daivam Plateau at the heart of a trade network that spans seven of Quantum's nations. Easily the largest economic power outside of Akyrema City, Zurvan trade envoys can be found in every major city on Quantum. The envoys make sure all Zurvan trade goods coming into and out of their assigned city are accurately monitored and on schedule and each envoy employs hundreds of Zurvan mercenaries—collectively called Gorra—who travel with Zurvan merchant caravans and trade envoys, making Zurvan trade routes among the hardest on Quantum to pillage. The average citizen of the Zurvan Protectorates lives a life of relative comfort compared to the average citizen of the other nations. Education is free, water is abundant thanks to borrowed technologies of the Progenancy and despite the desert heat, crime is rare, and work is plentiful and well-payed. There's a trade-off for this comfort however—Zurvan is comprised of a strict caste system and citizens are considered the highest tier. Beneath citizens are two more castes: soldiers and slaves. Neither of the lower castes can ever hope to reach the citizen caste (though slaves can become soldiers) and they possess very little of the rights and benefits of Zuran citizens. Soldiers have some freedoms, but are indebted to a life of service either as a Gorra or as a Zurvan military soldier or officer. Slaves handle all of the manual labor, live a harsh and often short life, and generally exist invisible in Zuran society, neither interacting with citizens nor being acknowledged by them. Among citizens, it's taboo to even discuss the life of a slave or to admit to owning any—it's something the citizens would rather pretend doesn't exist. As of late, ancient rumors of Zurvans controlling a Time Before technology that accurately predicts trade models and is thus the secret to their economic success have reached another apex with dozens of teams of Progenitors scouring the country to find such a device. Should such a device exist, it would likely put the nation of tradespeople on a bad footing with the Progenancy, but after years of searching with no results, it's likely just a rumor started by a rival trade nation. The Progenancy The 13th Nation Government : Technocratic Hegemony Demonym : Progenitor The Progenancy is a tightly controlled, rigid organization of scientists and scholars who believe that controlling all of the technologies from the Time Before is the only way to prevent another world-spanning catastrophe. Founded in the remnants of Akyrema City immediately following the events that ended the Time Before, the humans and azi who banded together beneath this protectionist ideology did so knowing the greedy expansion of knowledge and power from the Time Before could not be suffered to live again on Quantum. Over the years they built Akyrema City back into and beyond the shining city it was in the Time Before, and through clever political manipulation and the outright destruction of Damavand, now sit as the de facto heads of every world government. No technology may be kept from the roaming Progenitors, no remnants of the Time Before hidden away as secrets. The Progenitors know more about the Time Before and the technology it birthed than anyone else on Quantum, but even they will admit they know a small percentage of what once was. So they adventure frequently from their base at the heart of Akyrema City and from the hundreds of Progenancy Outposts all across the nations of Quantum, ranks of Progenitors—adventuring scholars and archaeologists—collecting tech in any way possible to fulfill the mandate of their hegemony: no tech left behind. Akyrema City Quantum's Core Government : Technocracy Demonym : Akyreman Akyrema City is all that's left from the Time Before, the world of Quantum as it was before the terrible apocalypse a millennium ago. It's a shining city crammed full of ultra modern, sleek, futuristic design and technology. It's not out of place to see a medieval knight in full plate armor atop an armored steed pushing through the well-dressed crowds on a concrete lane, a dozen floating video screens floating above screaming the latest news and advertising. Akyrema City is the core of Quantum; the beating heart of an entire world struggling to rebuild. It's also the base of the Progenancy, the world-spanning, highly regimented organization self-tasked with gathering and controlling all remnants of Spark, the future technologies from the Time Before. Akyrema City is the source of Quantum's commerce, government, and technology—and the base from which a thousand adventures a year are launched, sending Quantum's Heroes into The Wilds in search of fame and fortune. The Wilds Everything beyond the Twelve Nations and Akyrema City is known as The Wilds. What these places actually are, though, varies dramatically. There are regions—such as Ten Harbors, the Free People of the Kopernik Protocol, the Domain of the Hirovuti Clans, and the Holdfasts of the Dahaka Reavers—that are actually well-populated, but not bound together in what civilized Quantum would call nations. There are other places—like Azrikam, The Venom Strands, Solvay Char, and The Remnants of Old Padirac—that are essentially enormous ruined monuments to the nations that once existed there, now overgrown and crumbling but still capable of revealing wonders from the Time Before. Finally, there are regions—such as The Savage Plains, The Shrieking Wilds, the Disputed Lands, Lake Boyle, the Pygmy Deep, and the Apollyon Deep—where danger and savagery lie around every corner. There you might find armies battling for dominance, tribes of insane warriors pillaging all in their path, unnamed horrors from the Void roaming free and unchecked, or ruinous landscapes incapable of supporting any life at all. The Wilds are avoided by the Twelve Nations for a reasons—all of the wild places of Quantum share a common disregard for the well-being of those who would call themselves civilized. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Infinite X Studio Announces Raven Mimura to Paint Cover for Akyrema City Book September 20, 2012—Seattle, WA Infinite X Studio™, a Seattle-based tabletop roleplaying game company, announced today that world-renowned fantasy artist Raven Mimura would paint the cover for the recently announced Quantum Roleplaying Game™ book, Akyrema City: Quantum’s Core™. Mimura is well known for his many years creating works for a wide range of the hobby gaming industry’s properties, including Dungeons &amp; Dragons, Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, World of Warcraft TCG, Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, Shadowrun, Call of Cthulhu, Vampire: the Requiem, Legend of the Five Rings, and many others. “I’ve been a fan of Raven Mimura for years,” said Infinite X Studio President Joshua J. Frost. “In fact, he and Hugo Solis are the only two fantasy artists whose works adorn the walls of my office. I could think of no one better to paint the cover for Akyrema City than him.” Infinite X Studio launched the Quantum Roleplaying Game Kickstarter.com project on October 30th, 2011 and hit the initial target of $13,000 in less than three days. Nearly 600 individuals and hobby game retailers pledged the final amount of $42,747. Infinite X Studio also recently launched a new Kickstarter for the follow-up product titled Akyrema City: Quantum’s Core. All media inquiries should be directed to <email>. ABOUT INFINITE X STUDIO Joshua J. Frost, a six-time ENnie award winning author and game designer, founded Infinite X Studio, LLC in 2011. The Quantum Roleplaying Game is Infinite X Studio’s first game. The Quantum Roleplaying Game is a reflection of more than 30 years of RPG gaming and Frost’s 23 years of writing and eight years of game design experience. Infinite X Studio is passionate about roleplaying games and strives to produce only the highest quality, best designed, and most enjoyable RPGs possible while reaching out to both seasoned and new gamers to build a family of gaming enthusiasts who can work together for a better future of gaming. ### Good morning! I've received several avenues of feedback from the Quantum RPG audience and it's clear I need to be more clear on the timing of the new Kickstarter project. Many people have expressed confusion about seeing a new Kickstarter when the first hasn't been delivered—this is a concern I hold as well and a concern I knew would come up. There are several factors in play as to why we chose now to launch the Akyrema City Kickstarter: We are in the closing phases of the Quantum RPG core rulebook project. The first chapters are heading off to the contract editor, final art is coming in from the contract artist, and Colleen (our full time Production Manager) is preparing the final layout. The Beta has been very successful, going beyond even what I expected, and the feedback has resulted in several changes to the game that make it even better. A few of you have pointed out that the Quantum RPG was due on April 2012. While that is what is says under each pledge, I really wish it wasn't there. When we launched last year, I thought the Quantum RPG Kickstarter would be a small vanity project I could work on for a while and release. When we hit 360% of our goal, everything changed. I had to build a company AND a game at the same time. So I did. Unfortunately, Kickstarter won't let you edit the pledges so I couldn't change the date—if I could've changed the date, I would've set it for a year later, December 2012. I couldn't and so the perception looms that I'm late on the first and for that I apologize. Since we're entering the final phase of production on the first book, and since we're an actual company now with employees and contractors who all need to be paid, the only logical step for us scheduling-wise was to go ahead and launch the next Kickstarter. It funds in a month. A month from now we should be very close to sending the files in to the printer. There's a one week delay after the files are in as we and the printer make sure everything is okay. Then there's another delay of six weeks as the books are printed and shipped to us. Then add another week for us to ship the books to you. That's eight weeks where, if we don't have a next project, then I can't keep my employee and contractors working. Right now our only source of revenue for the company is Kickstarter. That's a precarious position, to be sure, but one that works assuming I'm clear on our schedule and you folks are okay with the schedule and willing to back us. Once the Quantum RPG is out, we'll have multiple revenue streams and things will ease off on our stress front, but until then we have to rely on you. There are other issues on our end as well that I'm hesitant to discuss, but I can sum them up by saying over the last year I learned a lot of lessons about scheduling and sharing the load when preparing a game. I thought I could basically do this whole thing with one writer, one artist, one graphic designer, one editor, and one developer. It turns out that hasn't worked. Akyrema City will have multiple writers, multiple artists (including one I'm going to announce tomorrow for the cover that should blow your socks off), one graphic designer, one editor, and one developer. So there it is. All on the table for my original 580 backers. Your feedback has been clear, well-stated, and I share many of your concerns. I hope you can understand our position a little better. You're still the best damn 580 people I know and I can not and will not let you down. The Quantum RPG gets better with each Beta feedback message and re-write and soon I'll start publicly sharing the rules changes so, hopefully, you'll be just as excited about the changes as I am. Hat in hand. There it is. Thanks for your continued support and feedback. I appreciate it in ways I can't express. -Josh At Gen Con last month, I held a 90-minute panel that functioned as a Q&amp;A for the Quantum RPG. I recorded that panel. After many moons of editing, it's ready to be listened to! Enjoy. :-) <url>"Free Checkout will be available ..." please try the download again tomorrow. Our sincerest apologies for any issues this may cause. Should 1,000 daily downloads not be enough, we'll find another provider for our e-commerce solutions. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President Infinite X Studio, LLC We've apparently hit a download maximum on free downloads via my PDF service. Give us a moment to strangle the service with our bare hands and we'll get the PDF up and available again. Thank you for your patience. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President Infinite X Studio, LLC Download ! Download! Download! Then: Provide feedback ! Feedback ! Feedback ! Take care, Joshua J. Frost President Infinite X Studio, LLC If you haven't created an Infinite X Studio forum account, now would be the day to do that. *hint* *hint* <url>"rough sketches" or "final sketches." The sketches are not final and reflect only the intention of the piece and not necessarily the final image. All of the art in these previews is from super amazing Hugo Solis with the exception of the new Beast and Foe icons which were designed by the equally super amazing Drew Pocza (who I worked with at Paizo Publishing). All of the previews are available as desktop background downloads in four different sizes: just mouse over the images to see which sizes are available and slap your favorite image and size onto your computer for the world to see. Next, as part of our planning for the Summer of Quantum, once the Quantum RPG open beta playtest is underway, Colleen and I plan to run a very short 30-day Kickstarter that will include stickers, buttons, t-shirts, and even Hugo Solis-signed prints of your favorite Quantum RPG Paradigm iconic characters. This Kickstarter serves two purposes: to get those items in print and to give us a small test run on shipping and delivery of the final Quantum RPG hardcover. If we can accomplish shipping for the small Kickstarter rapidly and accurately, we'll know we can do it for the larger one later this year. I hope you'll get involved. Stay tuned after the beta launch for additional details. Finally, it is with no small amount of sadness that I report Infinite X Studio won't have a booth or events at Gen Con this year. There wasn't enough time in the universe for me to make it happen. HOWEVER, I will be there for most of the convention and I'd love to schedule a time to be available for a Q&amp;A, to get drinks, to game, or just hangout. More on that later in the month. I want to thank everyone for their epic patience as we work toward the completion of this project. With a new employee, one of her tasks will be to frequently hit me with the update stick so I keep everyone better informed. As a designer, it's really easy for me to get hyper-focussed and narrow my world-view down to just the game. Colleen will help me keep the focus a bit wider so you know just what the hell we're working on. ;-) Take care, Joshua J. Frost President Infinite X Studio, LLC I've spent the better part of the last several weeks considering many things, my proposed publishing schedule being key among them. This weekend I finally came to a hard conclusion: it's time to scrap the idea of schedules, get the Beta done, and just let everyone play for a while. There are several console and computer game companies I admire specifically for the reason that they never release anything half-ass. If the game isn't ready, they don't release it. Video game companies share some common schedule concerns with pen-and-paper RPG publishing companies, chief among them being the constraints of announcing products up to a year in advance and then, regardless of where the product is or how good it is, cramming it into the announced release date for no reasons other than keeping promises and forcing a cash flow schedule produced independently of the opinions of the designers. In other words, since I'm both the finance manager and the designer for my company, I can talk to myself and say, "Self, you really need to stop focussing so much on your money schedule and instead get back to the heart of the game itself, get the damn thing in Beta, and just let people play it for a while. Sales will come eventually, but they won't last for long if the game is a complete pile of garbage." Self is right! So here's the new plan: 1. Quantum RPG Beta: release it ASAP, get people playing for free. 2. Announce second product via Kickstarter that will likely be, thanks to your massive feedback over the last month, a combination location guide slash mega adventure. 3. End the Quantum RPG Beta when the feedback and playtesting seem complete. 4. Release the final hardcover of the Quantum RPG. 5. Release the location guide slash mega adventure. 6. Think of things to do next based on your massive feedback. No dates, no forced scheduling, no headaches, heartaches, or bellyaches. Game, game, game, game, and game. So this summer, it is my sincere hope, will be the Summer of Quantum. You will spend it playing the Quantum RPG Beta with friends, families, strangers, and denizens of other dimensions. You'll supply me, via the Quantum RPG Beta messageboards, with massive feedback to improve the game, and, perhaps at the end of the Summer, with a great deal of completed playtesting and hundreds of play sessions reported, a release date for the hardcover will become official. Here's where things stand right now: I have about half of the Beta printed out from layout and sitting on the desk next to my keyboard. The other half is in various stages of final design and development and isn't far from completion. Here's where things are headed: On July 1st, I'm hiring Infinite X Studio's first employee to assist me in all things Quantum RPG. Part of my conversation between the finance manager (me) and the lead designer (me) lead to the conclusion that as much fun as it is pretending I can do this all by myself, it's more realistic to assume I can do this with at least one other person dedicated full time to making it happen. This position has already been filled, the employee in question is ready to go, and I'll make a bigger stink about it in about 5 or 6 weeks. Gen Con. As of right now, I have a booth reserved for the show (I finally made it off the waiting list a week or so ago). Knowing, as I've stated above, that the game will be screaming through Beta at Gen Con time and knowing that I will likely have absolutely nothing to show and or sell beyond showing the Beta at the show, it's my feeling that I should scrap the booth idea and attend Gen Con with the sole purpose of running the Beta for folks day after day after day after day until my voice falls out of my mouth and continues to run it for me while I wander the show floor in mute exhaustion. To those of you attending Gen Con, I have a serious question: what should I do? Here are the options as I see them: 1. Attend Gen Con with a booth. Wave at people and talk about the game while volunteers run the Beta in a room somewhere. 2. Attend Gen Con with a booth. Have volunteers wave at people and talk about the game while I run the Beta with other volunteers in a room somewhere. 3. Attend Gen Con with a booth where we sell Quantum RPG t-shirts, stickers, buttons, and MAYBE a printed version of the Quantum RPG Beta while me and/or volunteers man the booth while me and/or volunteers run the Beta with other volunteers in a room somewhere. 4. Scrap the booth. Save loads of money. Set myself up in a room somewhere and run the Beta. Options 1 &amp; 2 cost money with no income, but the game gets played at the show. Option 3 requires a bit of extra work on our end (but I'll have an employee to handle it), we (in theory) make some money back to cover the cost of the show, and the game gets played at the show. This option runs the risk of not selling a thing. Option 4 forgoes the risk of not selling a thing and instead has me and perhaps a few volunteers making sure the game gets played. *I* have a sense of which option I should choose, but I'm curious Gen Con attendees: which would you prefer to see happen? Quantum RPG Preview Now that I've bored you all to death, here's some fun stuff. A complete preview of the Archer Paradigm as it will appear in the Beta. Enjoy. :-) ARCHER [Melee Paradigm] Archers prefer to see the world from a distance. They are at home perched in the lower branches of a giant tree, or standing atop a low rise as armored, sword wielding foes approach from below. A true archer feels as though the bow is not just a weapon, it is a trusted ally, a longtime friend, something so much a part of everything the archer stands for, that the bow might as well simply be another limb. Archers are keen of step, nimble, and hyper aware of their surroundings. They long to accomplish great feats with their bow—like striking a mounted warrior from his saddle with one arrow from a great distance, or putting three arrows in flight at the same time only to see all strike true in the center of the Archer’s target. Archers are not close combat experts, but neither are they inferior in melee range. Some of their Style Trees are designed specifically to protect them should they find themselves within range of sword or spear. Other Style Trees improve their ability to pick and hit their targets, as well as increased speed, mounted ability, and Omnimancy-powered Spark abilities. Archers are the perfect support combat Heroes. Their mobility, ranged combat ability, and their penchant for stealth and acrobatics keeps them often out of harm’s way where they can rain arrows on their enemies. Root Scale : Fatigue Wound Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1; Fatigue Steps : 5/4/3/2/1/1 Trained Expertise : Acrobatics, Bows, Climbing, Running, Stealth, Survival, Swimming, Thrown Weapons, and Tracking Core Ability : An Archer has no minimum range when performing a Combat Test with a bow and can thus target adjacent defenders. Additionally, Archer’s gain a five-step bonus on any Combat Tests involving a bow. Style Trees : Arresting Arrow, Fleet-Footed, Mounted Archer, Sniper, Spark Archer, and Trick Shot Arresting Arrow Arresting Arrow is a new Combat Tactic exclusive to the Archer. This Combat Tactic is performed by firing a single arrow from a bow at a single defender within range. Each additional Aptitude increases the power and potential abilities of the Arresting Arrow. I . If the Archer wins the Combat Test and would otherwise have dealt wound damage dots, the defender is instead pushed 1m away from the Archer and takes a five-step penalty to his Dodge Defense for one round. The defender takes no wound damage dots from the arrow, regardless of wound damage dots dealt. FD : 3. Regained : O. II . ( Requires Agility 5 ) As Arresting Arrow I , but the defender must win an Endurance Defense Test or reduce his Movement to 0 for one round. FD : 5. Regained : O. III . ( Requires Agility 7 ) As Arresting Arrow II , but the defender also gains the Knocked Down/Prone condition if he loses the Endurance Defense Test. FD : 7. Regained : O. IV . ( Requires Agility 10 ) As Arresting Arrow III , but the Archer’s Arresting Arrow Combat Tactic ignores AR during Combat Tests. FD : 9. Regained : O. Fleet-Footed Fleet-Footed improves the Archer’s mobility, affording the Archer extra defense, extra Movement, and an Omnimancy-infused ability to be in several places at once. I . When performed, this Aptitude increases the Archer’s Movement and Dodge Defense by 50% (round down). FD : 5. Regained : R. II . ( Requires Agility 7 ) As Fleet-Footed I , but anyone targeting the Archer in combat must perform two Combat Tests instead of one and must take the result of the lower test. FD : 7. Regained : R. III . ( Requires Agility 10 ) As Fleet-Footed II , but the Archer’s Movement and Dodge Defense are both doubled. This replaces the ability of Fleet-Footed I. FD : 10. Regained : R. IV . ( Requires Agility 14 ) When performed, this Aptitude increases the velocity of every atom in the Archer’s body and he vibrates outward, occupying three different 1m squares at the exact same time all within 10m of his original point. All three of the Archer duplicates may take a single Core Action. All of the duplicates act as the Archer—so if the duplicates each fire one arrow, the original Archer “fired” three arrows; if each duplicate uses an Aptitude that deals Fatigue damage dots to itself, then the original Archer takes all of the Fatigue damage dots dealt; and any of the duplicates move and become targets of Triggered Actions that deal wound damage dots to them, the original Archer takes the wound damage dots applied to the duplicates. This effect ends at the end of the Archer’s turn. FD : 10. Regained : O. Mounted Archer Mounted Archer improves the Archer’s mounted archery abilities, removing penalties, increasing Dodge Defense, and increasing wound damage with bows. I . The Archer no longer takes any penalties to Combat Tests while mounted (see the Animal Handling Expertise on page XX). II . ( Requires Animal Handling 3 ) As Mounted Archer I , but the Archer also gains a five-step bonus to his Dodge Defense while mounted. III . ( Requires Animal Handling 5 ) As Mounted Archer II , but any bow the Archer fires while mounted gains +2 DR. IV . ( Requires Animal Handling 7 ) As Mounted Archer III , but when the Archer wins a Combat Test with a bow while mounted, the Defender must win an Endurance Defense Test or gain the Knocked Down/Prone condition. Sniper Sniper increases the Archer’s maximum range with a bow as well as adding one new exclusive Combat Tactic and one exclusive change to the Focus Combat Tactic. I . The first range segment for any bow used by an Archer is doubled. (e.g., a range of 5–40 would instead be 5–80; the Archer’s Core Ability still applies.) II . ( Requires Agility 5 ) The Archer may now use the Vulnerable Shot Combat Tactic. The Vulnerable Shot Combat Tactic requires the Archer to select a single defender, fire one arrow at him, and perform a Combat Test to determine success. If the Archer wins the test, he calculates wound damage dots normally but then reduces the final damage dot result (after AR) by 50% (round down). After reducing the damage, the Archer may then select one of the following Conditions to apply to the defender: Blinded, Deafened, Hindered, or Hobbled (see Chapter 4). The chosen Condition lasts for one round unless the Archer Aces the dice test, in which case the Condition lasts for a number of rounds equal to the Ace Penalty of the dice test (page XX). FD : 3. Regained : O. III . The first range segment for any bow used by an Archer is tripled. (e.g., a range of 5–40 would instead be 5–120; the Archer’s Core Ability still applies.) IV . ( Requires Cognition 7 ) When performing the Focus Basic Combat Tactic (page XX), the Sniper no longer takes a penalty to the Combat Test and deals an additional 50% damage (round down) on the final wound damage dot total. The Focus Basic Combat Tactic, however, gains a Fatigue Damage rating. FD : 7. Regained : O. Spark Archer Spark Archer gives the Archer the ability to infuse his bow with upgrades similar to those that can be purchased for more advanced weapons (see Chapter 3). No more than one Spark Archer Aptitude can be active on a single bow at a time. I . As a Free Action, the Archer’s arrows deal acid, flame, ice, or shock damage (choose one) instead of ballistic damage. This effect lasts until the Archer chooses to end it. FD: 1/round. Regained: R. II . ( Requires Cognition 5 ) As Spark Archer I , but the Archer’s arrows also apply related conditions upon dealing wound damage dots to the defender. Acid damage applies the Corroded condition, flame damage applies the Ignited condition, ice damage applies the Frozen condition, and shock damage applies the Electrocuted condition (see Chapter 4). This effect lasts until the Archer chooses to end it. FD : 2/round. Regained : R. III . ( Requires Cognition 7 ) As a Free Action, the Archer’s arrows can do one of two things: deal shrapnel damage and, if wound damage dots are successfully dealt to the defender, apply the Bleeding condition or deal force damage and, if wound damage dots are successfully dealt, the Progenitor performs a free Knock Down Combat Tactic with Cognition + Prime versus the defender. This effect lasts until the Archer chooses to end it. FD : 5/round. Regained : R. IV . ( Requires Cognition 10 ) As a Free Action, a single arrow fired from an Archer’s bow targets a 2m AoE instead of a single target, potentially dealing wound damage dots to all defenders inside the AoE. FD : 7. Regained : O. Trick Shot Trick Shot both increases an Archer’s rate of fire with a bow and allows the Archer to attempt nearly impossible shots with ease. I . ( Requires Agility 3/Cognition 2 ) The Archer fires two arrows simultaneously at the same defender. Both arrows hit or miss together and require only one Combat Test. FD : 3. Regained : O. II . ( Requires Agility 5/Cognition 2 ) The Archer fires a single arrow at a single defender somewhere behind cover with no penalties. The Archer must know within a 2m AoE where the defender is in order for the arrow to have a chance to hit, otherwise it automatically misses. FD : 5. Regained : O. III . ( Requires Agility 7/Cognition 3 ) As Trick Shot I , but the Archer fires three arrows simultaneously at the same defender. FD : 7. Regained : O. IV . ( Requires Agility 9/Cognition 5 ) As Trick Shot II , but the Archer fires two arrows at a single defender somewhere behind cover with no penalties. FD : 7. Regained : O. Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Late night serious musings: I've had it stuck in my head from the beginning that the first product we produce after the Quantum RPG hardcover should be a mega adventure to support the game. That feels right to me--but I'm not making this game for me, I'm making it for you. What do *you* want as the first support product? I vow never to fall into a splat book mentality and I'm not a huge fan of shotgunning rules into the sky in order to make money. So keeping those things in mind, what--based only on the limited information you may have right now about the game--would you like to see after the Quantum RPG hardcover? Tell me loud and clear: I want to listen. Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC I was just handed a fat stack of printed out Beta pages for editing. Here's a quick update on where the Beta stands: 50% laid out and in editing 25% in development 25% fast-approaching development Take care, Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC I know, probably not the update you were hoping for today. Despite 5-1/2 years in RPG publishing, doing everything that leads up to layout on my own is teaching me a lot about, well, everything that leads up to layout and so while I know the process, I'm still perfecting it. That said, here's where we stand today, April 4: The Beta has 6 chapters for a total of 118 pages. All of the art needed for the Beta is in. Three of the six chapters are, since this last weekend, in layout. The remaining three will be in layout before the end of this next weekend. My layout guru is awesome and works a full time job that's not IXS (for now) so we are at the mercy of my abilities and her full time work schedule. To be clear: she is awesome. Delays are entirely my fault. :-) The Dev Team are reading the final few chapters coming into them on the Dev forums furiously and providing amazing feedback. They will receive one more chapter in the coming days that I'll turn around rather quickly to get into the final layout. Obviously the beta won't be out today. My hope is to have it out no later than 4/16 for the backers (a week later for the general public). The day the beta releases, the schedule I announced in an earlier update will be adjusted and I'll release a new schedule with similar timelines. This shouldn't have any effect on the final book's schedule as possible beta delays were built in as a fail safe. So hang in there, loyal backers. Quantum is coming. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President, Infinite X Studio What in the world might this be? Let the speculation begin! Art, as always, by the amazing Hugo Solis. Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Art, as always, by the incredibly talented Hugo Solis. This 1/2 page piece shows off some of the differences between mutants. It doesn't come anywhere close to the number of options that will be available in the rules, though! Enjoy! Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Art, as always, by the incredibly talented Hugo Solis. This is a preview of the azi, an androgynous race of snake people. Only azi can tell the difference between their genders. Enjoy! Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC Enjoy! Joshua J. Frost President/Owner Infinite X Studio, LLC I have two favorite quotes regarding the mysterious thing called a "deadline." In the vein of the humorous: "I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by." -Douglas Adams And in the vein of the inspirational: "A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all." -Rita Mae Brown A great deal of planning and work have gone into the schedule for Infinite X Studio. Planning extends beyond the Quantum Roleplaying Game rulebook this Kickstarter launched. And it's high time I told you all about it. Kickstarter figures heavily into the first year or so of the company--without Kickstarter, none of these projects are possible (including this one--now made possible!). Without further adieu, the plan for the near future of Infinite X Studio! April 4 : Quantum Roleplaying Game beta playtest released to the Kickstarter backers who pledged $10 or more to the project. April 11 : Quantum Roleplaying Game beta playtest released to the general public. April 23 : 30-day Kickstarter begins for Singularity, a Quantum RPG Mega Adventure ; a 256-page adventure to be released in November 2012. May 9 : Quantum Roleplaying Game beta playtest officially ends (though game play and feedback should absolutely feel free to continue!). July 18 : 30-day Kickstarter begins for Quantum Roleplaying Game: Book of Beasts, Vol 1 to be released in February 2013. July 25 : Final Quantum Roleplaying Game PDF released to the Kickstarter backers who pledged $15 or more to the project. August 1 : Quantum Roleplaying Game Kickstarter book orders ship for backers who pledged $35 or more to the project. August 15 : Official Release Date of the Quantum Roleplaying Game worldwide--in retail hobby stores, online at infiniteXstudio.com , and at Gen Con 2012. August 15 : Free PDF Quantum RPG "Starter Adventure" released on infiniteXstudio.com . September : Quantum RPG Starter Kit released (details forthcoming). October 31 : Final Singularity PDF released to the backers who pledged $15 or more to the project. November 7 : Kickstarter book orders for Singularity ship. November 21 : Official release date for Singularity worldwide--in retail hobby stores and online at infiniteXstudio.com . January 30, 2013 : Book of Beasts, Vol 1 PDF released to the backers who pledged $15 or more to the project. February 20, 2013 : Official Release Date for Quantum Roleplaying Game: Book of Beasts, Vol 1 worldwide--in retail hobby stores and online at infiniteXstudio.com . Coming later in 2013: Akyrema City, Quantum's Core Quantum Entire: the Complete World Atlas …and more! Quantum Entire will be the last project funded via Kickstarter--all thanks to everyone who help crowd source Infinite X Studio's first year's worth of projects! We'll speak again in a little less than a month. :-) Take care, Joshua J. Frost Seriously, I don't think people use the exclamation, "Egads!" enough anymore. Like Don Draper-style hats, I think "Egads!" should come back into style. Enough of that, though: sorry for such a delay between updates! I'm working on the largest, most complicated, and simply awesomest chapter of the Quantum RPG and when I don't feel buried up to my nose in design I'm sleeping and dreaming about being buried up to my nose in design. The game is progressing quite well and so is the company. I'm nearing the end of a Small Business Administration series of classes called "Launch &amp; Grow" that's pumping me so full of new business info that the end result should either be an even more successful company than I planned or a complete Joshua Frost explosion that covers my office Mr. Creosote-style. After my SBA councilor and I discovered today through the magic and mystical arts known as "accounting" that Kickstarter.com is the best thing since the invention of fire, I wanted not only to drop another update on everyone, but thank you, once again, from the depths of my incredibly deep heart for backing this project. We're still shooting for a Spring release (likely late Spring) and I'm still shooting for an open public beta playtest of the rules soon-ish. On that front, I'm hoping beyond hopes to have the beta ready in March. Please hold my feet to the aforementioned invention of fire should I enjoy the whizzing sound that the deadline makes as it blows by. Truly Giddy, Joshua J. Frost President Infinite X Studio, LLC Okay, not more--I lied. It's just the other three. Development It's coming along nicely, my little book is! The Dev Forum is active and we're plowing through chapters and I have to say I've been very impressed with the Kickstarter Development level backers and their helpful insights and hard work. My intention is still to get a playtest document released by the end of the month. Mutations I put a call out on the Forums yesterday looking for suggested beneficial and detrimental mutations. If you didn't see that call and want to add some ideas, go here: <url>#$! off getting art ready for the playtest and the final book. He's really outdoing himself. Here's a sneak peek at four more iconic Paradigms. Enjoy! Hello Quantum Roleplaying Game Community! Just 16 hours left to pledge! Please don't forget the following action items: Standard reminders (now with accurate timelines!): *Amazon will process your pledge as a payment around 9:29 AM Pacific Time on December 30th (that's tomorrow morning Pacific Time!). Please take a moment to check your Amazon payments account and ensure that everything is still current and up-to-date. If your Amazon payments account has issues when Amazon processes the pledges, you'll not be charged and you'll also lose your place on the pledge list. Additionally, make sure whatever account you have associated with your Amazon payments account has the correct balance in there on the 29th (the night before)--your pledge can be canceled if Amazon determines insufficient funds. *If you want to upgrade to a higher pledge level to get additional rewards, you still have time to do so! There are some wonderful pledge rewards still available in the higher dollar rewards. If you need to cancel or reduce your pledge, you also have time to do so (and we totally understand if you need to). New Reminders! Anyone who pledged more than $10 to the Quantum RPG should sign up for the Infinite X Studio Forums located here: <url>"sounding board" off which we'll bounce new ideas for the Quantum RPG project. You'll see everything early, often in Alpha (and therefor not completely polished or finished, but headed there), and be a key playtest contributor. You will also need to sign and email back a Non Disclosure Agreement stating that you won't share anything learned on the Dev Board with anyone at all ever. That's how seriously cool access to this board is. :-) If you pledged at the levels noted above but aren't interested in participating on the boards, that's okay. If you're chomping at the bit to get involved, make sure you sign up for your account as soon as possible! Once the project funds, I get access to a survey system and I will use that system to make sure everyone has the appropriate access to the appropriate boards on the Infinite X Studio Forums. (The survey system is also where I will eventually collect shipping addresses as well.) Thank you all so much. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President, Infinite X Studio, LLC Good afternoon, Quantum RPG Community! My last update had a few timeline errors in it because I was high on holiday cookies and apparently thought copy-and-paste could read my mind. I was very sad to discover that mind-reading technology is still beyond the grasp of Apple. sadface I'm going to hit you with the standard reminders as well as some new reminders for those of you about to gain access to the Design Board and the Development Board . Standard reminders (now with accurate timelines!): *Amazon will process your pledge as a payment around 9:29 AM Pacific Time on December 30th (that's this Friday morning--just 66 hours from the time of this post!). Please take a moment to check your Amazon payments account and ensure that everything is still current and up-to-date. If your Amazon payments account has issues when Amazon processes the pledges, you'll not be charged and you'll also lose your place on the pledge list. Additionally, make sure whatever account you have associated with your Amazon payments account has the correct balance in there on the 29th (the night before)--your pledge can be canceled if Amazon determines insufficient funds. *If you want to upgrade to a higher pledge level to get additional rewards, you still have time to do so! There are some wonderful pledge rewards still available in the higher dollar rewards. If you need to cancel or reduce your pledge, you also have time to do so (and we totally understand if you need to). New Reminders! Anyone who pledged more than $10 to the Quantum RPG should sign up for the Infinite X Studio Forums located here: <url>"sounding board" off which we'll bounce new ideas for the Quantum RPG project. You'll see everything early, often in Alpha (and therefor not completely polished or finished, but headed there), and be a key playtest contributor. You will also need to sign and email back a Non Disclosure Agreement stating that you won't share anything learned on the Dev Board with anyone at all ever. That's how seriously cool access to this board is. :-) If you pledged at the levels noted above but aren't interested in participating on the boards, that's okay. If you're chomping at the bit to get involved, make sure you sign up for your account as soon as possible! Once the project funds, I get access to a survey system and I will use that system to make sure everyone has the appropriate access to the appropriate boards on the Infinite X Studio Forums. (The survey system is also where I will eventually collect shipping addresses as well.) I'm excited we're nearly to the end of this phase of the project and I can't wait to show you the Beta playtest. I appreciate everything all of you have done for the project in general and for me personally. Thank you all so much. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President, Infinite X Studio, LLC We're headed toward the finish line and less than three days remain on the pledge phase of this project! Here are some very important reminders about what every backer needs to do before the project funds: *Amazon will process your pledge as a payment around 9:29 AM Pacific Time on December 29th. Please take a moment to check your Amazon payments account and ensure that everything is still current and up-to-date. If your Amazon payments account has issues when Amazon processes the pledges, you'll not be charged and you'll also lose your place on the pledge list. Additionally, make sure whatever account you have associated with your Amazon payments account has the correct balance in there on the 29th--your pledge can be canceled if Amazon determines insufficient funds. *If you want to upgrade to a higher pledge level to get additional rewards, you still have three days to do so! There are some wonderful pledge rewards still available in the higher dollar rewards. If you need to cancel or reduce your pledge, you also have just three days to do so (and we totally understand if you need to). Thank you all so much. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President, Infinite X Studio, LLC I saw on HBO, they were advertising this boxing match. They said, "It's a fight to the finish!" That's a good place to end. -- Mitch Hedberg We're just nine days away from the finale and I want everyone at every pledge level, everyone who couldn't pledge but spread the word, and anyone else who just stopped by and read a post or two to know that I deeply and sincerely appreciate your help and support. My little idea has in just under two months turned into a full-blown company and I know beyond any shadow of doubt that I would not be able to do this without all of you. Thank you, thank you, thank you! Now that we've passed both our first target ($25K) and our second target ($36K) many people are asking, "What's the next reward target?" My answer: There isn't one. :-( I'll be honest and say that I only hoped we'd top $25K and I never imagined we'd top $30K, never mind $36K! Adding another reward now would force me to take my eye off the ball (design, development, etc) to do the proper due diligence and planning a new reward would deserve and I simply can't right now. So we're all going to have to sit back, watch the number tick up for the next nine days, and sigh happily in the knowledge that not only has this been a success of epic proportions, but this has also been an epic success of the Quantum RPG community! Again: thank you all so much! Below are two additional previews: the Human Corsair iconic and the Mutant Crusader iconic. Previews will continue right up until the game's release, so even after this project funds, this Kickstarter page for Quantum RPG will remain active on a weekly basis. Right now our schedule says we'll be punting a free PDF beta playtest version of the game out to the public in January 2012 (next month) with a May 2012 release date of the final product. I know the estimates on the Kickstarter page have said April 2012 since the beginning, but a recent re-appraisal of the full production schedule pushed that to May in order to be (a) more realistic and (b) reduce the chance of missing the release date to nearly zero. Important Notice for Backers! I will put up a bunch of additional reminders about this very topic before the next nine days are up, but here's what every single backer needs to do before this project funds: *Amazon will process your pledge as a payment around 9:29 AM Pacific Time on December 29th (one week from this Thursday). Please take a moment to check your Amazon payments account and ensure that everything is still current and up-to-date. If your Amazon payments account has issues when Amazon processes the pledges, you'll not be charged and you'll also lose your place on the pledge list. Additionally, make sure whatever account you have associated with your Amazon payments account has the correct balance in there on the 29th--your pledge can be canceled if Amazon determines insufficient funds. *If you want to upgrade to a higher pledge level to get additional rewards, you still have nine days to do so! There are some wonderful pledge rewards still available in the higher dollar rewards. If you need to cancel or reduce your pledge, you also have just nine days to do so (and we totally understand if you need to). Thank you all so much. Take care, Joshua J. Frost President, Infinite X Studio, LLC As many of you know, I'm buried up to my eyeballs in this project now and that's essentially eliminated video blogs from me for the time being. We're about ready to announce the full schedule including the public playtest. Stay tuned. :-) With that in mind, I received a near final cover sketch in from artist Hugo Solis and we decided to share that with you. So here it is: a preview of the full-color cover on the Quantum Roleplaying Game hardcover book. (The logo is just there for branding--that's not the final spot or necessarily even the final logo.) Observe and let your imaginations run wild. Take care, Joshua J. Frost, President, Infinite X Studio, LLC Before I jump into today's update, just a quick reminder that we're counting down the days now until the Quantum RPG project funds. If we can reach $36,000 by then, Infinite X Studio will be able to produce 24" x 36" color world poster maps included with every pledge $35 and above. We're very close! Given the number of days left, we only need 5 new $35 or higher pledges each day for the rest of the month to reach that goal. Keep telling your friends and spreading the word! $35 plus shipping to get 2 copies of the limited edition hardcover plus a 24" x 36" color world poster map sounds like a great deal to me. :-) ------ Complete List of Paradigms No video today, unfortunately, I'm working hard to hit our first deadline here in the Infinite X Studio office so I'll do today's reveal via the archaic written word. (Oooooooh, marvel at it's ancient nobility!) I asked on the Infinite X Studio forums (are you signed up over there yet?) if there was one thing I could reveal to everyone early, and most everyone said either the complete list of Paradigms or the third power source (Prime and Void being the other two). So I decided, in the spirit of the holidays, to go ahead and reveal both *and* write a small one-sentence description of each Paradigm as well. Below each Paradigm I've also listed what their second Damage Scale is. Every Paradigm uses the Wound Damage Scale to track physical injury and every Paradigm has a second Damage Scale to track either Fatigue (for melee or ranged weapon Paradigms) or Prime (Omnimancers who can draw deep from the power sources of Quantum). A refresher: Paradigms are the way Heroes see the world. You might think of them as character classes or archetypes in the language of other RPGs, but we see them as something wider in scope. A Paradigm is how a Hero interacts with Quantum, how a Hero touches the power of Quantum, and in some instances, how a Hero pledges to act throughout her life. Here are all of the Paradigms in alphabetical order: Archer (Fatigue) The master of ranged combat with a bow or crossbow. Corsair (Fatigue) A daredevil of the high seas or the high clouds. Crusader (Fatigue) The defender in the dark, the bringer of light, he who stands alone against the Void. Generalist (Fatigue or Prime; chosen at Hero creation) Renaissance man; Jack-of-All-Trades; dabbler in some, master of none. Hunter (Fatigue) The lone wolf of the woods, relentlessly tracking her prey either for pleasure or profit. Immortal (Fatigue) The Grecco-Roman strong man, fearless, athletic, and blessed with an ability to live forever--an ability that comes at a high cost. Myrmidon (Fatigue) A veteran soldier, a campaigner, a determined warrior who accomplishes the mission no matter the physical toll. Necromancer (Prime [Void]) An Omnimancer whose knowledge of Prime extends beyond life itself--even living organisms are matter and any matter can be shaped into a tool with the right ingenuity. Progenitor (Prime) Only Progenitors have a deep understanding of the technology of the Time Before. Only they can accurately control it, fix it, revitalize it, or touch it deep to make both great and terrible things happen. Reaver (Fatigue) The savage fighter, the destroyer, the menace, the bruiser--the Reaver lives not to win, he lives to fight. Sage (Prime [Suria]) Sages are urbanized practitioners of the Apothecary Arts. They are churgeons, philosophers, scientists, and thinkers. Shaman (Prime [Suria]) Shaman are the rural practitioners of the Apothecary Arts. They stand as leaders, prophets, and champions of the natural world against the encroaching technology of the Time Before. Slayer (Fatigue) Slayers are highly specialized fighters, trained to kill specific types of beasts. The Crusader stands against the Void--the Slayer stands against everything else that hides in the wild places of the world. Troubadour (Fatigue) Secret spies and messengers, court performers, sleepers, poisoners, the jovial fellow you least expect to put a knife in your back. Valkyrie (Fatigue) Mostly female, all trained from the ranks of street children, Valkyries roam the battlefield deciding who lives and who dies. Warlock (Prime [Void]) Often mad with power, the Warlock touches Void so deep they risk losing themselves but in return gain such violent power that they are rightfully feared throughout Quantum. Warrior (Fatigue) The man-art-arms, dragoon, guardian, weapon master, or knight. The armored soldier at the front, standing ready to protect those behind him. The Third Power Source The third power source comes from the star at the heart of Quantum. Called Suria, the third power source is the embodiment of heat, light, and the healing powers of the Apothecary Arts. Whereas Prime is the machine at the heart of Suria that powers Quantum and Void is the power from the vast emptiness outside Quantum leaking in, Suria is everything else--the land, the sea, the clouds, the trees, the animals, everything that connects the world into a living, breathing cycle of life. Suria hasn't always been a part of Quantum, just as Void hasn't. Many who touch Suria say that Suria arose to fight the Void, to keep its darkness contained. Though the peoples of Quantum apply anthropomorphic terms to all of the power sources, none of them are good nor evil. How they are used, how they are touched, and assumptions the citizens make about them day after day is what defines them all. Take care, Joshua Frost President, Infinite X Studio, LLC Enjoy! As requested over on the Infinite X Studio forums , this week's video blog is about how well-connected the "modern" nations are in the Quantum world. Pay attention for a lovely art sneak peek there at the end of the video too--art by Hugo Solis. Also, check out this thread over on the Infinite X Studio forums as I'm letting you decide one secret that I will reveal about the Quantum world--and I'll reveal it next Monday in the next video blog! You have to register to post, so register and let me know what secret you want me to reveal next. There have already been some excellent suggestions. I'll make the decision on Friday based on the community's posts/votes. Enjoy! For those of you celebrating Thanksgiving, have a happy and bountiful series of meals, football games, meals, deserts, meals, football games, and most importantly: meals. I'm thankful for all of you! Take care, Joshua J. Frost, President, Infinite X Studio, LLC As requested over on the Infinite X Studio forums , this week's video blog is about the technology level of the "modern day" Quantum world. Below you can also find art previews of several weapons from the game: battle axe, Corsair's Blade, disposable spark pistol, and multi-charge spark rifle. Art by Hugo Solis. Enjoy! Hey folks! This being my first Kickstarter, I had a vague understanding of how shipping would work once I launched the project. Now that we've been going strong now for 20 days, I have a much better understanding! So what I've done is locked the $35 , $80 , and $150 pledges to the numbers they're at right now. Those pledges included text about manually adding shipping--text that was being missed or was causing confusion. Instead, I've added the following: For the former $35 pledge, there is now a $42 pledge for U.S. addresses that includes shipping and a $47 pledge for International addresses that includes shipping. For the former $80 pledge, there is now an $87 pledge for U.S. addresses that includes shipping and a $92 pledge for International addresses that includes shipping. For the former $150 pledge, there is now a $157 pledge for U.S. addresses that includes shipping and a $162 pledge for International addresses that includes shipping. Because we reached the $25,000 goal, all of these pledge levels are still doubled for limited edition signed and numbered hardcovers of the Quantum RPG book. My hope is that this limits future confusion. I really hope I'm right. :-) If you previously pledged at the original $35 , $80 , or $150 levels and have not added shipping, please add $7 for US shipping and $12 for International shipping. Incorrect shipping may delay the receipt of your book(s). And I don't want that to happen to anyone! My apologies if this causes anyone consternation or confusion. For our next Kickstarter, we will be absolutely sure to get it correct right from start. Thank you again everyone for your massive support! Every day I spend finishing the game I'm driven by the knowledge of your confidence and excitement. I sincerely appreciate everything you've done for us here at Infinite X Studio and for the Quantum RPG project! Take care, Joshua Frost, President, Infinite X Studio, LLC First off, thanks again so much for helping push the pledges to $25k and beyond. This game is only possible because of your support and I know it and sincerely appreciate it. At $36,000 total pledges, I will ship (1) one 24" x 36" full color folded poster world map of Quantum with every single pledge $35 and above. While there will be a map of the world inside the Quantum RPG hardcover, it will be a black &amp; white map and obviously won't be bigger than a single page. This 24" x 36" poster world map will not only give you the world in amazing full color, but it will be large enough to include a wide variety of extra map tags to add both a little mystery to the world and ensuring that all locations generated during design show up on the poster map. Keep doing what you're doing and spread the word! Remember that anyone who pledges $35 or more to the project right now gets double the limited edition signed and numbered hardcover rewards. Please don't forget to include shipping above and beyond your pledge if your pledge level calls for it. Thanks again so much! Let's hit $36k so you folks can once again force me to think of something even more cool to set as a future goal. Thanks! Joshua J. Frost, President, Infinite X Studio, LLC As requested over on the Infinite X Studio forums , this week's video blog is about Prime, the source of all power and energy on the robotic world of Quantum. Enjoy! Congratulations everyone! You spread the word, pledged your hard-earned dollars, and we cracked the $25k barrier, our latest goal. What does this mean for you? Well, if you pledged $35 or more to the project, then you get double the limited edition, signed and numbered copies of the Quantum RPG hardcover. At the $35 pledge level, this means you will receive (2) two copies instead of (1) one with NO ADDITIONAL SHIPPING CHARGES! Yes! Please note that this does not double any regular edition copies pledged for by retailers--sorry folks, you already get an awesome discount. ;-) Give your extra copy to a friend, keep it as an extra table copy for your game, shrink-wrap it for it's obvious massive future value, or sleep with it under your pillow at night so you can learn more about the game while you sleep*! :-) A Few Notes: Please don't forget that if your pledge level requires shipping, you need to add the shipping to your pledge--it won't be charged on our end. So for the $35 pledge, US shipping needs to add $7 to the pledge for a total of $42 and International (non-US) shipping needs to add $12 to the pledge for a total of $47. For the $80 pledge, please add $7 for US and $12 for International, and so on. If the shipping isn't added to your pledge when the game funds on December 30, it may delay your receipt of the game when the book is finished. Also, a quick note on pledging: please be aware that Amazon.com does not take the money out immediately upon your pledge. Instead they hit your card for a $1 charge to prove it's a real card. The money doesn't get withdrawn until December 30 at 9:58 A.M. Pacific Time (which means you can pledge anytime between now and then). So please make sure you keep the money in your account and don't assume that Amazon.com has already taken it out because they haven't. You can lose your pledge if Amazon.com can't withdraw the money. Also, I'd hate for anyone to overdraw because of our game. :-) I'll put out a few more reminders about this in December. I'll be adding a new $35,000 goal here in the next few days or so. I'm waiting for a quote to come back from the printer before I make a decision on what that goal will be--I want it to be something amazing and useful. Again, thanks so much! We're funded, we're past $25k, but we're not done yet! The more we raise, the more books we can sell, and the more popular this game will be right from the start. Keep spreading the word for me and I promise I'll keep making the best game I can possibly make for you. From the bottom of my heart, in the humblest way I know how, thank you all so very much. The Quantum RPG would not be possible without you. Take care, Joshua J. Frost, President, Infinite X Studio, LLC * Sleeping with the game under your pillow has not been proven in clinical trials to actually increase your knowledge of the game. Hola! First, I want to thank you all for the incredible support that you've given Josh's Quantum Roleplaying Game project. Just a few weeks ago I was worried I wouldn't be able to produce enough artwork to help bring folks like you into the project--silly me! I should have known that Josh's mojo, street cred', and plain awesomeness were more than enough to move the ball down field and kick that goal! None of this--Josh's game, Josh's company, and my artwork--could happen without the support of all of you. I continue to be amazed that not only have we received impressive monetary support, but that this new community's word of mouth has done an amazing job spreading the word about this project to other forums, groups, and so on. I want to personally thank Josh for inviting me to shape the Quantum Roleplaying Game visually. My biggest wish is to thank him properly by turning this chance into something like what DiTerlizzi did for Planescape, what Brom and Baxa did for Darksun, or what Wayne Reynolds does for Pathfinder. Maybe in in the not-so-distant future some might think of me as part of that elite crew and I'll know it was the Quantum RPG that gave me the opportunity to achieve that. I also want to share as much of my artistic opportunity with you as I can. Art orders tend to come filled with spoilers and information not ready for the public, but rest-assured that anything Josh lets me share (and he assures me that I'll be able to share quite a bit!) will be shared with you as frequently as I can manage. Josh is giving me an incredible opportunity to shape this world, but your feedback on the process will provide incredible opportunities as well. Come join us on the Infinite X Studio forums and take a moment to introduce yourself and then jump right in. Who knows? Perhaps something you suggest will make its way into the artwork--perhaps your idea will be the next iconic Paradigm character. :-) <url>"Butterfrog" Solis Good morning! First thing, before we crack open the hood and start cataloging all the moving parts, is for me to once again say thank you: THANK YOU! As I was building out the plan for the first week and getting ready to launch this project, I strove at every step to keep my expectations at 0 and simply accept whatever level of success the project generated. I had a plan, I had a game, I had awesome people assisting me at every step--there wasn't anything to do beyond launch and sit back and wait for the results. And the results are nothing short of amazing. So thank you again to everyone who's backed the project so far. For those of you may be coming in to this project for the first time because of this video, welcome! I hope you enjoy what you see and that your enjoyment translates to support. :-) The video is 14-1/2 minutes and covers most of the basics of the Infinite Roleplaying Engine, the rules system behind the Quantum Roleplaying Game. It introduces a large number of new terms and jargon. Those of you with a great deal of experience with roleplaying games will likely have no problem keeping up, but those of you who may be new to roleplaying games with this project and anyone else who might feel overwhelmed by the terminology, can refer to the handy Glossary of Terms below. At anytime during the video, if I hit you with a new term you don't quite understand or repeat a term you missed, pause the video, consult the Glossary, and hit play again. Though I strive to keep confusion to a minimum, I'm sure I might leave some of you confused anyway. If that's the case, please don't hesitate to post questions below the video in the comments section. Please also take a moment up there on the left to click the button to like this update on Facebook. Let your friends know they can find many details about the game mechanics behind the Quantum RPG right here in this video. Glossary of Quantum RPG Terms Ace : a greater-than-successful attempt during a Combat Test; aces often impose penalties on the target of the test. Agility : a physical attribute that represents your Hero's physical flexibility and speed. Aptitudes : the "powers" or "special abilities" that each Style Tree possesses. Archer : one of Quantum RPG's 16 specialized Paradigms; Archers focus their world view on the art of firing a bow. Armor Rating : a number that determines by how much you reduce Wound dots taken from a weapon, spell, or other ability. Attempt Dice : a d20 rolled along side the Result Dice during a Combat Test. Attributes : an abstract number score that tracks your Hero's physical and mental statistics. Beast : non-civilized foes in the world of Quantum. Cognition : a mental attribute that represents your Hero's intelligence and reasoning capacity. Combat Test : a dice test made using the Attempt Dice (a d20) and the Result Dice (by Step) to determine the outcome of a combat action. Damage Scales : every Hero or beast on Quantum has a Wound Scale that tracks physical damage. Melee Heroes have a Fatigue Scale that tracks physical endurance and magic Heroes have a Prime Scale that tracks mental endurance. Defense : a statistic that measures a Hero or Beast's ability to resist certain types of attacks; the four Defenses are Dodge, Perception, Health, and Sanity. Expertise : the skills and training with which your Hero excels or is considered an expert. Flub : a less-than-successful attempt during a Combat Test; a flub often imposes a penalty on the Hero or Beast that rolled it. Generalist : Quantum RPG's only non-specialized Paradigm. Guide : the person who runs or tells the story of a single game session or campaign (several game sessions) instead of playing a Hero. Hero : the character you play in the Quantum Roleplaying Game. Influence : a mental attribute that represents your Hero's ability to convince or lead others. Melee Archer : a Style Tree of the Archer paradigm focussed on keeping the Archer safe in close combat. Opposed Test : a Hero's Dice Step test vs. an opponent where both the Hero and the Opponent roll their Step for the opposed Expertise (such as Negotiation) and determine the winner of the test by whomever rolls higher. Paradigm : a unique and highly specialized way your Hero views the world; also called "character class" or "archetype." Penalties : a reduction in Step applied to a test for any number of reasons.. Polyhedral Dice : a set of dice used in many roleplaying games such as the 20-sided-dice (or d20), the 12-sided-dice (or d12), and so on (d10, d8, d6, d4). Power : a physical attribute that represents your Hero's health and strength. Prime : the source of all power and energy on Quantum; it can be felt and touched by all living things. Recover : the Prime Scale and Fatigue Scale Recover one dot per turn of damage, but they cannot recover Reserved dots. Reserve : when casting a spell or using an aptitude that Reserves dots in a Damage Scale, those dots are not Recovered normally unless the spell or Aptitude is dismissed. Result Dice : the Step dice rolled during a Combat Test; Result Dice are typically rolled vs. one of an opponent's Defense scores. Spark Shield : the first Aptitude for the Archer's "Melee Archer" Style Tree. Steps (also Dice Steps ): an abstract way to compare attributes and expertise between paradigms and between paradigms and beasts; also how you determine what dice to roll for Opposed tests, Unopposed tests, and the Result Dice portion of the Combat Test. Also, the term "Steps" can apply to the scaling damage levels in the Damage Scales. Style Tree : each Paradigm has four Style Trees (each with six Aptitudes) and each tree represents a unique way to focus and customize your Hero. Unopposed Test : a Hero's Dice Step test vs. a difficulty number established by the Guide; rolling equal to or less than the difficulty number means the test was successful and rolling below it means the test was a failure. Wound Score : the amount of damage (in wound dots) a weapon, spell, or other ability causes. Wound scores can be reduced by armor rating. Some Other Things You Might Want to Check Out Josh's Facebook page : <url>#!/InfiniteXStudio Sign up on the Infinite X Studio forums : <url>’s Skull games to ask if I’d be interested in joining a project he'd been working on for a while. I had such little understanding then of exactly what he wanted my help with. Now I have a much greater understanding of what he wants to do, and I’m as giddy as a kid on Christmas at the knowledge that this idea of his has turned into a full blown new company. The idea that I get to help develop a brand new RPG excited me so much that for hours before we hit $13,000, my girlfriend would have to drag me away from hitting ‘refresh’ over and over again on the computer. I can’t thank all of you enough for this. This game is going to happen, and it’s all because of you. Every single pledge that bumped up that goal to $13,000 and beyond is your doing. Josh has revealed to me a lot about the world, the system, and the future of the game, and I can’t wait to share some of that information with all of you. I read the forums every day to see all of your theories, your thoughts on the paradigms, and I am absolutely giddy. It’s a feeling I’ve had in the past, GMing a Pathfinder or D&amp;D game, knowing that in the next room what the players would find was going to shock and awe them. The level of this feeling has reached such a greater height with the Quantum Roleplaying Game that I’m having a hard time expressing it into words. What you don’t yet know about Quantum is going to amaze you. I can’t wait to see your reactions and get to work with your feedback on developing this game. Thank you all so much for making the Quantum RPG happen! It would not be possible without you. Blake Davis Developer We did it! YOU did it! Let's keep going! I cut this video together really fast, so please excuse the buzzing background noise of the onboard sound with my camera. Normally I record the audio separate and sync it but I wanted to get this out in a hurry! :-) Also please excuse the sometimes jarring jump cuts. Thank you so very much, everyone! The response has been phenomenal so far and I couldn't be happier than I am right now. We're cruising along to $13K at a brisk pace with no signs of slowing. I did hear a lot of requests for new high-level backer rewards, so those have been added. Look for [New!] next to the title of the reward. I also received requests for Retail Backer Rewards, so those have been added as well. They have [New!] and [RETAIL] next to their titles and, obviously, are for qualified US retailers and international retailers with US freight forwarding only. Please take a moment to let your local hobby, game, or book store know about this project so they can get on board. Right now, backing the Kickstarter project is the only way for a retailer to have copies of the Quantum RPG in their store on the release date. Lastly, I asked on my Facebook author page and on the Infinite X Studio Facebook page what direction I should go with the next video update on Monday. Overwhelmingly I heard you say, "TELL US ABOUT THE ENGINE! LET'S SEE WHAT'S UNDER THE HOOD!" so your wish is my command. On Monday I will dig deep into the system, show you the basics, run you through a few combat rounds, and preview one of the finished Paradigms, the Archer. There will be some Quantum world stuff mixed in since the rules and setting are blended, but this will mostly be what you want--a rules preview. :-) Again, thank you so much for your support. Please take a moment to spread the word again by posting a link to the main Kickstarter page on your Facebook wall, or emailing the link to your gaming friends, or standing on a busy street corner shouting about it. (Okay, maybe not the last one!) Take care, Joshua J. Frost Gen Con is not in the cards for me this year, unfortunately. :-( Absolutely. When the game is ready to ship, I'll be double-checking shipping addresses with everyone individually in order to be sure they receive their rewards. The Kickstarter system doesn't allow me to resubmit another survey, unfortunately—but I can message everyone individually. I hope to run a game or two at Paizo Con and I *want* to attend Gen Con this year, but I'm not 100% sure that's in the cards. I may also make myself available in Seattle near PAX for demos as I didn't get into PAX. That said, I have a friend helping me understand the Google+ hangout stuff and may begin running weekly demos in the near future online. Stay tuned. Addressed: <url>ão. :-) Hey Robby, I admit I've gotten quiet as of late. I tried to address that with today's update. Updates will get loud again—right now we're pushing hard to the finish line. There is no "they" here. There's just me. I have contractors and other help, but this is for all intents and purposes a one man operation. I was sincere in my mea culpa post in September. In fact, I strive to be as sincere as possible always. We gave reasons for launching the AC KS. Do I regret pulling that trigger? Absolutely. I'm not sure where you're seeing me being snippy and defensive. If I've done that, I sincerely apologize. It's difficult to apply emotion to the words you read online. If you never buy anything from my company, Robby, I'll have to live with that but I won't like it. Nothing with this project has gone exactly the way I planned, but if I've learned anything about the hobby industry after all this time it's that things rarely go to plan and it's good to have backup plans. We're on backup #2, I think. ;-) The game progresses. It's coming. If I'd released it "on time" it wouldn't been a pile of garbage. It's not that now. Hang in there, Robby. It's coming. And I mean this as sincerely as I can assure you in written form: my intentions when explaining myself are never to be snippy or defensive and it sincerely bothers me that I may have portrayed myself that way. You folks are why this game is happening. I appreciate it and I respect you (even the very vocal minority). You're going to get the best game I can produce. I promise that. -Josh Update coming on Monday. :-) 60 days of refreshing my screen is finally over. ;-) Thanks again everyone! At least according to the emails I got, you are still just pledged once. :-) Yup, looks like we're going to hit $36k before the end. :-) @Joerg: Right now the official release date is "Spring 2012." Once the project funds, I'll announce a more solid date. @Josh: There will be an open public playtest in January. :-) So yes! Issak, many of your questions I can't exactly answer as it seems less than possible to answer them until a while after the game has been released. I could tell you what I hope all of our planning results in, but what I hope for and what will happen are sometimes two different things. I'm putting together a game that I want to play and by doing so I hope I'm also answering many of the concerns I've heard directly from gamers over the years about what they like and don't like about past and present games. I've been in this industry since 2005--long enough to see some major shifts, to see some large companies go under, and to see some small companies flourish. I was a major part of one of those flourishing small companies, so I have a solid idea how to be successful again. As for overhead and all that: I don't exactly consider a goal $11,000 higher than the last to be "marginally increasing" anything. You'll just have to trust me when I say the business plan, cash flow projections, P&Ls, sales plan, sales goals, and product schedule all tell me that my quotes from printers plus the capital raised from the Kickstarter mean this game will start off successfully. I'm not sure we'll have the quick start adventure ready for the playtest. But each week of the playtest will be specifically targeted toward one aspect of the game in order to keep the information coming back in as focussed as possible. Coming later today. :-) Thanks everyone for your feedback on the logo. :-) Gravity comes from centrifugal force generated by Quantum spinning very rapidly and there are tides, but I'm not ready to say why yet. :-) Double limited edition books for everyone at $35 pledges or higher. ;-) Thanks again, everyone! Hey Brett, I'll give that some thought. The way the backer rewards are set up right now, it'd be complicated. There will be beasts in the core book. :-) The PDF is extra beasts. I hate to say things like, "Well actually we're exploring an option like that" but, well, actually, we're exploring an option like that. :-) I asked for an additional quote from the printer today. Good question Jeremy! If you up your pledge to $500, you will keep the monster design. (I'll edit the new $500 to be more clear.) Correct! With no increase in shipping if you're outside the US (since shipping is free within the US at that pledge level). I have no plans for a color interior. A color cover, yes, but Hugo is shaping the look and feel of the world and that's better captured via his superb black and white art. Should we hit $25k, have no doubt we'll come up with incentives for higher goals. :-) Hey Richard, Yeah, maybe I have a little. :-) Congratulations everyone! We hit the first goal. Now we need to shoot for the second goal of $15,000 where I can give a lot of the folks working on the project a raise. :-) The next goal after that is $25,000 where I double all book rewards and print regular copies to sell into hobby distribution. Thank you so much everyone! I'm putting up a video update here shortly. Paul: I'll have some new backer rewards up tomorrow. Geoff: Thanks so much! I submitted it to their news engine. If you'd like to promote in the appropriate space on their messageboards, I think that would be great. :-) Thank you so much everyone! It's dead Jim. Any news? So, I created a facebook group which might help with this project. I titled it "Quantum Retold". Its a closed group. Just put in a request to join and Ill accept! <url>#crnt&panel1-1 With the recent action around Forking Path and The Doom That Came To Atlantic City, there's maybe a little hope we can get some ourselves. www.consumer.ftc.gov/blog/doomed-false-promises I don't think Josh started out to scam anybody. He had an idea for a terrific game, the skills and experience to develop a manuscript, but nowhere near the business abilities to assemble a team and build a product. When I mentioned "Pirate Den" (another failed project) to some friends, one of them said "Experience as a writer or an editor or a designer counts for nothing. The only experience that counts is as a publisher." I would compare this project to the NRG System by "The Gamesmiths" (Hank Woon and company). That also failed, after repeated bad luck similar to Josh's, but when they realized they couldn't fulfill their promises and deliver a product, they took the financial hit to reimburse all of us as best they could. *That* earned my respect and good will. If the Gamesmiths ever start another KickStarter campaign, I'd be confident that they'll do their best to meet their obligations. Josh, I wish you well, but I join with the rest of your patrons here, disappointed that you value your honor and your own good name so cheaply. And, hey, you might want to take "Quantum RPG" off your LinkedIn profile. It's kind of embarrassing. Never mind my last comment... I did a search through my email and I must have missed it. Here is the response. :( ------ The Consumer Resource Center has completed its informal complaint resolution process regarding the consumer complaint you filed about InfiniteXStudio and Kickstarter and your complaint has been closed accordingly. InfiniteXStudio and Kickstarter did not provide our office with a written response to your complaint as requested. We realize you may not consider this a satisfactory resolution to your complaint; however, the Consumer Resource Center does not have authority to impose resolution of the dispute on either party. We regret that we are unable to provide further assistance to you regarding this complaint. If you would like to pursue the matter further, you may wish to contact a private attorney in your state. Consumer complaints are public records and are available to the public for copying or inspection pursuant to the Washington State Public Records Act, RCW 42.56. ----- So basically he got away with stealing all our money. I contacted the WA AG and had one response that they're looking into it and then nothing. :( Do we know how many people contacted the WA AG? I'm still shocked anytime I bump into this. I've lost more on Kickstarters, so it wasn't a big loss for me. But I've at least always got a finished product... even in PDF form. He really wasted any good will he would ever have with the gaming industry. He'll quite literally never work "in this town" again. And Kickstarter ignoring all the reports is a slap in the face, showing what a shifty group they are underneath it all. Yes Kairam, the project is dead. NEWS? Any news? Use any of it as you see fit. Josh has no legal standing on the use of any of this material by a backer. If he happens to sue a backer for using it he would lose the legal battle and open himself up to a countersuit. Just a quick thought: someone interested in the setting may be interested to take what we have from the beta and port it to MCG's Cypher System. I'm in no position to say how legal public sharing of the result would be, but I think the system would lend itself well to Quantum. Any further developments? does anybody have the link or the pdf for the not finished book - i seem to have misplaced it and would at least cover my losses by reading or using the pdf of the not finished book the links semm to be dead Agreed. We are not investors. Investments are not sold this way and require the seller to be licensed. We gave Joshua Frost our money in good faith in exchange for the promise of a product to be produced in return. That is a contract. And this isn't like a Kickstarter project that doesn't reach goal. In that case, no money changes hands and the promise of product is then nullified. No, this project made more than three times its stated goal and yet here we are. Many of us out a hefty chuck of change and Joshua Frost $42,747 dollars richer. Whether he still has that money or not is irrelevant to the fact that he cheated all of us out of that money. The last time I checked, that level of fraud was a felony. Kickstarter backers aren't investors. The writer of the article is clearly wrong about that. But we are victims when people like Joshua Frost scam us out of our money. Joshua solicited the funds before he formed the LLC. As far as the law is concerned Joshua Frost is the only party in the now defunct Infinite X Studio. Interesting post by someone who has been in the industry for a while <url>’re sued and you’re the only person working for the company, there will be some spill over of liability if your decisions caused the issues. ========== Looks like Joshua could be under the lens even if his LLC has gone..... <url>"story line" Half Pages that got made for the final book and few of those were revealed in the updates of this KS. This sums 65 pieces of art (counting 4 shields as one piece) that cover the amount I was paid for. - I'll retain the IP for: ALL the other pieces NOT listed abode. Many of these pieces were never show in public, and many were show only in the KS updates. None of this artwork show any of the 4 iconics and in general they are all single characters and monsters, plus one scene (with no iconics) and the city map displayed in the Akyrema KS. My intention with these illos is to find them a proper home and get them published elsewhere. As I mentioned before, if Quantum ever gets published as a fan project, I'll be happy to share the illos that I still own by then. I'm not a native english speaker and sometimes what I mean is not what I say, so if you think you see something "odd" in here, please contact me to clear things up, for I won't be showing up in here anymore in order to leave this behind. I'm very sorry that this happen and I'm sorry I was the escape goat for a very uninformative explanation on why this KS failed. If anyone needs to contact me, you'll find my info on my dA account <url>"It ain't happening" and got this response. 'start quote' Hi Scott, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. 'end quote' I haven't responded at this point, wasn't sure what to say. I filed a complaint with the WA District Attorney. Easy online process and received a prompt confirmation reply back. Even if you pledged $1, please file a complaint--to help support those of us that pledged more. @Christopher Lewis and anyone still reading these comments. I talked to my lawyer he suggested that since Josh admitted that the project was failed and the KS guidelines say product or refund that we should report it to KS. He also said we should point out that Josh admitted the project was over in the last update and that this violates there terms of use. KS should then have to intervene on our behalf do to there own guide lines and seek a satisfactory resolution to the problem. This would not preclude people from outside the US from having there complaint heard. Just a suggestion for another way to move forward. Any hope for a fan completion is also dead in the water. As even official attempts by me and accountant offering to engage in negotiations to buy the rights to the work have been met with silence. At this point I am out of ideas others are welcome to try to get Josh to open a dialog or negotiate with the community he created. If successful in making contact I will help in these endeavors but as of now I have spent to much time on this already so I am done. trouble is I live outside the US so my voice probably won't count for much.... From what I understand in talking to one of the WA state ADA's there were about 12 people who file a complaint with the state DA and of those people only about 3 followed up with a phone call. To the state this doesn't show any need to move forward with legal action on their end as there is no interest by the harmed parties to seek reparations as shown by lack of response. So thats where it is. Anyone have something new? I spoke to one of the claims people today and let her know what the situation was. She also suggested calling the person attached to your particular claims and hinted that if there was enough of a concern and the dollar amount was big enough the state would move to the next level. If you submitted the complaint and received a case number call and insist that the state take action, the squeaky wheel gets the oil. FYI if any of you have Sandra Hatcher as the person handling your claim she's going on vacation starting Monday and won't be back until June 9th so call her ASAP. I suggest as a next step actually calling the Attorney Generals office at 1-800-551-4636. Talk to whom ever is responsible for our complaint and let them know how important it is for them to step up and do something. I also received a notice from the Washington State Attorney General's Office. They are offering informal complaint resolution services by their Consumer Resource Center. This is an informal, voluntary process. Josh has 21 days to respond to the complaint, or they'll close the complaint and offer suggestions on the next phase. I will likely proceed with the next phases since it costs me little to do and I'd like Josh to crawl out of his hole face his backers - unfortunately this may be the only way to get his attention. @Jussi I tend to agree. Gamers probably aren't the safest group to target, considering the broad skillsets found in the community. This may well be true. In which case, I fear he may be headed for a world of hurt. In a group of 580 intellectuals, there will be a bunch who are sufficiently outraged by his actions to want to make an example, sufficiently clever to figure out how to get at you ... and sufficiently vindictive to be both persistent and creative about it. @Jussi He doesn't care. The last update was just smoke. Anyone here have a direct line to Joshua? It seems he hasn't logged onto Kickstarter since the day he posted the update. This may or may not mean that he hasn't read any of the comments here -- and if he hasn't, he is probably unaware that his actions may result in his life getting a lot more screwed up than he may have thought he was bargaining for, unless he takes firm and positive action, tout suite. Since the update, a lot of people have posted information here that would help Joshua understand his position better than he apparently does judging from the update, and suggested many possible things that he may do -- indeed, will have to do -- if he wants to attempt to prevent his circumstances from going to hell in a handbasket. If anyone has a personal connection with him, the greatest service they can do to him at this point is to direct him to read the comments here and -- crucially -- act accordingly! Otherwise, chances are he's headed up shit creek with no paddle, in a leaky canoe. @Trampas. Sorry, but he ignored mine. I got a notice from the Washington State Attorney General's Office. They are offering informal complaint resolution services by their Consumer Resource Center. This is an informal, voluntary process. Josh has 21 days to respond to the complaint, or they'll close the complaint and offer suggestions on the next phase. We will see if anything comes of it. Also want to say thanks to jerry for the gift. @Robby Much thanks to Jerry for the gift. It's a great reminder that most of the people in our hobby aren't like Josh. @Rex That is what I though but can't a judge award the IP to another party as part of litigation? Thanks Robbie for passing along Jerrys message and offer. Thanks for the clarification Text. @Shimbo: No, you don't have legal rights to the IP. The copyright stays with the creator unless the creator sells it to another or if the creation was created as part of a work for hire arrangement. Jerry Grayson, the creator of the Hellas RPG, heard about the debacle here. In a gesture of goodwill for all the backers, he created a coupon for Hellas for free. Here's the link: <url>"Wow, I was completely unaware of any of this until I read this thread. I really feel for the backers and its unfortunate it went down the way it did Makes me feel lucky that I’ve dodged the bullets I have in doing KS. I wonder if I could help any of the Backers by giving them a PDF of any of my games? I know it wouldn’t make up for anything that Joshua did but the backers should get something for trying to believe in something." And then later (with the above link): "I’m not doing it to make up for poor behavior or even exonerate Joshua from his responsibilities but to cap this thing off with a positive taste (I hope) Joshua had a HUGE cache of goodwill aimed in his direction and squandered it. It’s unfortunate and bums me out that stuff like this happens. There are still a lot of little guys like myself who appreciate ever dollar given to me to make my projects happen." I agree with Shimbo. Just letting him get away with it feels wrong to me. Especially after his last update...unbelievable attitude. I'd prefer my money back. But if what Benjamin proposed works, i can accept that. Can i reask - we international backers (as in not-US residents), can we fill out the WA complain form? If so, how does that work? I looked at it but for a lot of entries i have no idea what to put there etc. . Maybe someone who has filled out one can post a screen shot? @Shimbo I believe you are right but that ether legal action must be taken to procure them or Josh must give them up voluntarily. I would also like a Legal opinion on this from the resident lawyer. I believe we as backers have legal right to the IP since we paid for its development. Maybe the resident lawyer can shed some light on who legally owns the IP. @Shimbo Yes I have contacted Josh by phone, on Facebook (both his and InfiniteX's) and throw the Email on InfiniteX. If there is another option I do not know it. Tell me any I missed and I will try that way to. I have not contacted Hugo or Blake Davis directly as they have both basically said they where in the dark. Might try Blake to see if he can get a direct line to Josh. As far as I know Josh is the sole owner of the IP and the guy that did most of the writing but if I am wrong tell me and I will pursue those angles. You are right about the first step making this a fan project. But i can not move forward with that Without ether the IP being put under a CC licence, Josh being an active participant or the rights being passed to someone that is interested in allowing the fan work to begin. Without that I can not even use the name Quantum without infringing copyright. This is the reason why all those fan projects of the past where for the worlds most popular fantasy RPG. Technicality the math and tables can not be copy righted so we could start working on the system I guess but we could not use any of the text or images associated with the world. If youre serious about turning this into a fan project, create a Facebook page and link it here and everywhere else people might see it. Next we need to start mining images and text associated with this game. We then have a base from where we can start. @the_healer if the chapters were done or close to done they would have been posted in the Infinite X developers page. There are a few there but not all. Have you contacted Josh directly? Have you contacted anyone who's had a hand in development directly? Have you filled out the consumer complaint? @Shimbo I don't think that is true since other posted previews show evolution of the work from the time of the bata. Did he over stat what he had accomplished? I would say that is very likely. But even if I am wrong it doesn't change the fact that for those of us that would like to fan complete this project need Josh to change the licence to CC or something like that to do so. As far as precedent is concerned Kickstarter themselves have already set that. This is not the first spectacular flame out. It is not even the first large RPG failure. Go look at the "They Became Flesh" campaign. In that one the writer has continued working in RPG's and even has given talks since about how to create your game. Kickstarter did nothing despite all the filed complaints. I was one of the few that actually got there pledge rewards but because some of us received rewards and others did not but she keep promising them litigation was problematic. In fact this would be a bad test case as Josh has admitted failure something never done by creators. To go further with this we should not have to litigate Kickstarter should do it for us as the contract to be a creator clearly says he must produce the rewards or refund. Actually come to think of it maybe we should be reporting it to Kickstarter as this is a first to my knowledge a creator that admitted the projects over. Now they must enforce there policy and that would be a precedent. Something to think about. Did you know that snake oil may actually have pretty useful medical uses after all?! Would fill in the WA form but not even in the US so not valid :-( I dont think he has anything beyond the beta. Compare update 66 to update 83 and read between the lines on this one. If we let a person slide after essentially squandering $43k because we dont want to hurt them, this sets a precident to other Kickstarter snake oil salesman that they will be allowed to get off scott-free. I get that most of you want to be considerate of Joshs family but at the same time he was never consderate of us. Fill out the WA state AG form and lets see were this goes. I think we need to set a precident to other Kickstarter project founders to think twice about the consequences of failing to deliver. one last option for those who want a printed product we could set up a print on demand with the files throw RPGnow It's not cost prohibitive and just involves editing the files to fit the POD standardized format. Again This is only an option if Josh releases the files to the community but I thought I would get that out there. @Benjamin I fully agree with you. The problem Is still Josh I have reached out to him in every way possibly with offers of help and resources and he just ignores them. If Josh dose not open a dialog with his backers those of us who would like to fan finish this project are stalled. If I may rant a little hear. I have been a small press publisher for 7 years. I work hard to satisfy my fan base and respond as quickly as possible to complaints or suggestions for my products. I have tried to be diplomatic to Josh and friendly but it angers me to no end that he just throw out an idea got a giant community by small pres standers right at the start. Now when he still has people like you, me and others offering solutions or help to finish the project he refuses to respond. @Josh grow up and open a dialog with the community you created. I would honestly pass out if I had half the community you do right here for a project. Its time for you to face the fire and not just make proclamations and run. There is not a small number of us that still want the project. Rant Over. On a more constructive note if we could get josh to at lest release the files as Benjamin suggests I would be willing to donate web space to help coordinated a community effort. I know someone has most likely mentioned it already - but couldn't a PDF of the current Rulebook be shared - as it stands? then if in the future a version0.2 gets funded those that backed get a printed copy then? yes I understand costs will be involved.. I cant see that many of us getting our money back otherwise on the current situation... Okay. So I've stayed out of this until now, because frankly it is all a little depressing. The fact is, I sincerely doubt that legal action is going to do any real good here. Sure people may eventually get some portion of their money back, perhaps all of it, but given Joshua's current financial position, assuming we have an honest portrayal, it is unlikely anyone will see much of their money back anytime soon. All we end up doing is screwing over Joshua's life even more. Call me weird, but me loosing couple of hundred bucks, is not sufficient cause for me to want to really destroy a families lives, and that is what we would likely be doing by suing. I also don't see suing getting us any closer to seeing Quantum as a finished game, and I still want to see that. So here is my proposal. We get together as many of us as we can, and we agree to forgive the debt, on the condition that everything Quantum related is put out under a CC Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International. That way we get to use what there is, in our own hacks of the setting or system as is; we are free to complete what exists there, we are free to do with it, almost as we please. What about moral hazard? Well, frankly, Joshua is already paying the price. Would any of you employ him in a project management position? Back a future project by him? Do you think he will find work in the RPG industry any time soon? Without significant efforts on his part, he will continue to pay the price of this project for years to come. Reputation, it kinda matters. So, lets try, as a group, to do something to turn this around, and make something constructive out of it. Just completed the WA AG complaint form and suggest every other backer do the same. I enjoy Kickstarter and appreciate the creative people that deliver on their great projects which is why I feel we must hold people like Josh accountable for their wrongful deeds. In my opinion its pretty moronic to place blame for project failure on an artist he commissioned himself and failed to manage properly. In any event that is Josh's issue not an issue for the backers. The "LLC is dead" I can walk away free of care line is pure non-sense. The best course of action is to first get the WA AG to take this case up and pending that result decide how to proceed with any civil remedies. Frankly, after reading Josh's update from yesterday I am tempted to pursue this case myself as a pastime. A few months back in PM I offered to help him find a publisher and possibly mitigate his legal liability but received no reply. Josh strikes me as the kind of guy who fails to take sound advice. Sorry guys, I think I wasn't very clear to what I meant: By "originals" I mean the hand-made illustration, which is a letter-size bond paper sheet with a pencil illo, NOT the actual illo digital and it's IP. These are my own and I'm free to sell or give them away, thou that does not iclude and publishing rights. Of course IXS owns all the rights to the artwork it paid for and I'm not comercializing any of it. Some of the art that was not paid for and I'm calling it "fan artwork", because obviously it won't be "official" artwork and it's owned by fans. This is the art that I'll be happy to grant to any future Fan work if it ever get released as such. My apologies for this BIG misunderstanding, I'm not a native speaker and somethimes I don't actually express exatly what I mean. Well stated, @The_Healer. I too had a sick feeling when I read @Hugo's most recent posts. Thank you for your candor. Sorry, but I was writing in anger and forgot to mention that the open source for the digital files is cool of you and will hopefully be useful if a fan project can ever be started. Something I am increasing starting to doubt. It still angers me you would sell the originals to us and I still do not think you are blameless in this projects failing. Wow @Hugo that is dirty Pool sir and shows me the content of your character. Your last post makes me more inclined to believe Josh. I have Ignored Hugo until now not wanting to start a fight but for all you calling Josh a coward and a scam artist. Regardless of how much he protests that Josh could have found another artist the truth is the project was at lest partially sold on the power of his art. Josh also paid Hugo 50% of Hugo's fee up front. Josh is not blame less here as these are both rookery publisher mistakes. A hole book is far to much for most artists but they won't tell you that and all artists will try to bilk you out of as much cash up front as possible knowing it limits your recourse. These two facts limit Joshes ability to look for additional artists as allot of money was already spent on Hugo and a different artists style could upset the backers. Add to this that Josh appears to be very gullible and I am inclined to take his word for it that Hugo strung him along with promises of work never done. Second everyone has the torches and pitch forks out for Josh for taking our money and not delivering a promised product meanwhile Hugo has played the victim and been complemented on his art by the same people even throw he also took our money and did not complete his contract. To top it off he now has the unmitigated gall to return to the community he ripped off and try to sell us the art whose license is dubious at best. Sorry, but this is a classic scam Hugo promised work he never did and took our money. When the project staled he played the victim throwing Josh under the bus before Josh throw him there (both of them are wrong for this). And now he is using that sympathy to bilk more money from us. Yes, Hugo Josh is wrong for blaming you especially when his own graphics prove the writing wasn't done and awaiting art. But you took our money, acted like a victim and are now asking for more cash for work you may not own. This angers me more than Josh acting like a child and passing the buck. Hugo. If any of that "fan art" was actually paid for by Joshua you really should send it to him, to remove any legal mess. If he paid for it it's still his even if the project has failed. Hey guys! from now and on I'll be posting (very little) ONLY as a BACKER. I wanted to tell you that I have a ton of "fan art" (to give it a name) that I own the IP and I'd like to share with you if this project ever goes into fan mode. Stuff like an illo of dragon attacking a ship and a HUGE city map. Some of this art has IP from a defunct company, and in the mean time I figure out what happens to such IP, if we ever use this as fan stuff, we will have to remove the specific bits that could be identified as such (which is very little) to use it without breaking any laws. So! Feel free to contact me if you want to use it in the future. It's very likely that I'll make all of my "fan art" Open Source, which means that almost every one can use it freely. Also, I'll be throwing a "garage sale" this weekend for the original pencil sketches of my "fan art" and the art officially made for this project, including a couple A3 originals of the dragon and ship illo and the city map. I know this art it's kinda jinxed but I hope it has some value for whatever "coolness" they still may have or simply in case you wanted to have a physical piece of RPG history. If you want any further details, you know were to find me ;) (see two post below). Cheers! @ Chris Lewis - yes the text messages I received from Josh were completely covered in his recent update. I don't think I need to elaborate any further so I'm just reposting my comment on update #83 and adding a bit more. I'll keep this as short as I can. First, a big apology to backers who may feel aggravated by my work in here. If anyone needs to contact me for further comments, you can find me on deviantart<url>–reasonable ways an artist can truly wreck an RPG project are: A. If the product was Press-Ready (all written, edited and laid out) and its left waiting for the artwork to be dropped in. -Not the case, as you all are aware on IXS's last post on September 2013, the product was not yet finished, not even 100% written, let alone edited or laid out. B. If a BIG chunk (30% or 50%+) of the funds was used to pay upfront for the artwork, and thus leaving Infinite X Studio without any budget to pay for art from another source and on a dead-set position to demand such artwork from the upfront paid artist. -Not the case either. You are owed the info that less than 5% of the total funds raised on the campaign was actually used to pay for artwork, and that some of the artwork that was delivered was not paid for. C- If there is an exclusivity contract under which only one artist could do the artwork for this game, then rendering Infinite X studio helpless to find another artistic solution, leaving IXS at the mercy of said artist. -We did not have such contract. If I’m missing another important way, please do share. Third, this is my final post as a freelancer hired by IXS, since I just found out that IXS was no more. Thank you guys for the good part of the ride and I hope we all can eventually make of this a positive live and learn experience. Paul, is what Josh told you by text massively different to update 83? Thanks for helping push this along Paul. You were very instrumental in getting this final update from Josh. For those really serious in attempting recovery here is the website for small claims court in WA state. This is mainly for the residents for the state as flying / driving to the place for what is owed is just not cost effective. <url>#83. I think it was poor form on how that update was done Josh. It seems like in the other updates that most of artwork was done. Granted I will say the poster map was a real issue as it is used as promotional item in the rewards section. You have now declared the project dead. See your update #61, I now request a refund for $1,006.00 USD. So if people want to send the complaint go for it. Hey guys, in case yoiu are interested, I just posted a bit in the last Update. I also listed a couple places we you can find me, if you need to. @Mark Sweetman -- that does kind of put the recent update in perspective, doesn't it? I will lay the damn thing out myself if that's what it takes. I, for one, don't care about the art. If the words are done, I'd like them. That's all I've ever wanted. I'd suggest reading update 66: <url>"better perfect than flawed" or "I'll wait years for a perfect product over a product full of mistakes" rather than putting him on the spot. If Josh seriously comes back to this project he needs to be able to communicate like a grown up and take responsibility for this projects failings and make every attempt to try and make things right. Well Josh has a day left from the week I told him I would wait. I will txt him one more time as a reminder later today but monday night (10PM EST) I will share what little I do know. I was hoping he would post by now. <url>"sour" souvenir? I have a ton of artwork lying around that won't get much appreciation anymore and I wouldn't mind giving some of it it away to someone who invested so much in this project... I kinda feel guilty about having promoted Quantum so bad to end up beign left in the dark. We should make t-shirt with "I joined Quantum and all I got was this lousy T-shirt" and wear them with "pride" at Cons :D Josh took a job at dick sporting goods once the cash ran out from what I have gathered from multiple sources. The number I found for him matches the one i posted earlier that was found on his photography website. I believe that Josh is screening calls / txt messages as "assume" financial difficulties have set in. I done the Washington complaint form and kickstarter. Called and txt'ed Josh. At this point I have can do is legal stuff and even as a 1000$ backer I can't justify the cost as I am now a father of three from when this kickstarter occurred. At this point I am writing this off and if and when josh attempts to come out if hiding we will just need to remind him of his past and complain loudly. @Shimbo You are right I have not filled out a complaint with Kickstarter. My primary tactic has been to repeatedly e-mail josh at all known addresses. I have ignored the Kickstarter complaint because my experience on projects where there was much more money and there was more backers has proved that this is a dead end. As Josh is not likely to try to use Kickstarter again there is little they can threaten him with as they seamed unwilling to litigate on there dime. If I am wrong and you got a more positive response from KS tell me and I will consider filling out the complaint. Yes I did call but as the mail box is to a non personalized phone I did not leave a message. Can we confirm that this is still his active number? I do not want to load some poor guys inbox with messages if he is not Josh. I also agree with @Raphael at this point this project has consumed to much of my time and energy. In the grand scheme of things I have lost very little compared to some other flame outs I have been a backer on and will waste no more money and very little more time on this. I will likely send one more volley of e-mail this week and if we can confirm the phone is his or that at least messages sent to it are looked at I may try another call or text. But I think I will just go back to occasionally checking to see if Anything has changed. One last question at some point in the past a backer pointed out that all activity by Josh appeared to stop at once on both Infinite X and his personal pages. The backer had asked if maybe something had happened to Josh. I did not think to hard about it at the time but the last update in Sep did say he was back to regular updates and then radio silence. Do we know if Josh is still active in the biasness? Can we confer nothing bad happened to him that has consumed his life and distracted or prevented him from finishing? Just a question it is just as likely at this point the silence is to avoid backers but I though I would ask. These are all weak excuses. How long does it take to fill out a consumer complaint form or to give the guy a call asking him whats going on? Money is money and a promise is a promise. @Raphael I don't like the "Give your money to a shyster and walk away" approach no matter what the amount. @The_Healer did you fill out the consumer complaint? As far as I know it was myself and one other. Have you tried calling? As far as I know it was myself and one other. You talk a big game but haven't done anything to get this guy to come out of the shadows. You seem to be the resident expert of this stuff but have taken a very hands off "kill him with kindness" approach, its time to put up or shut up. @Shimbo I backed for less than $50. Even reading the comments here and in the forums has taken more time=money than that; actually taking action would even more. Even people who have backed with a couple of hundred dollars need to weigh expected profit vs cost of any action taken. I don't think the numbers favor taking action. So please understand if only a few folks will invest significant time on this issue. @Shimbo don't get me wrong because of my peaceful approach. I am not a fan boy of Josh. In fact I as a small press publisher he falls into a new group of writers that have decided that they know enough about the industry to become publishers apparently without doing any prep work and just starting a Kickstarter. It makes me mad because there flame outs reflect bad on the rest of us and adds to this opinion that small press people don't care about there fans. That said there is very little chance that we will be able to reclaim any money from this debacle. As I stated earlier Kickstarteres terms of use allow a creator to just claim the project is not dead and doge the refund clause. To add to this even is Josh admitted the project was dead (like if the company folded as some earlier posts have implied) as creditors we would only be entitled to be paid back from the assets of the company. Which unless Josh did something horribly wrong when he set up his company is likely an unfinished PDF and some art as the company has no other catalog and likely has no physical assets short of maybe 1 lap top. However, The PDF of Quantum, any art and the trademark are assets granted not likely to have a high value unless another company shows interest in acquiring it. What drew me into this conversation in the first place was a discussion of potential of having the backer community finish the project. This is a real possibility if people where wiling to undergo litigation to secure the rights. Alternately with the rights secured the community could shop the product to other publishers to finish. This will however cost more in legal fees. This is why I was trying to voluntarily get josh to come back as I have no interest in spending more money on this product. I was hoping we could re-engage Josh and possibly as a group finish the project and at least gat a PDF out of this. I was thinking about this lately and we haven't tried a letter writing campaign yet. I have personally emailed Josh about an update at both Infinite X and his Facebook. I did not get a response but maybe if we all fill his inbox with letters all requesting an updated PDF and project status we can draw him out. I called a couple of times yesterday and sent him a text today, no response to any of them. Its sad to see this guy blow through $43K of people's money and only a small handful of people are actually concerned. Of those people an even smaller number are actually willing to do something about it. Txt message was never read. I sent a text message which has yet to be read. I don't expect a refund at this point, but I think we all deserve to know what happened. Why did this project fail? Was it logistics, or delivery? To be honest, writing an RPG is hard work, BUT I don't think its impossible. People do this every day. Small publishers are all over the place producing products like this. They have been since early, early on. Many of those publishers are one person shops. This was my very first kickstarter, and is the only one that hasn't delivered at all. I have had a few not spectacular results, but this is the only one that fell entirely flat. Called and the phone rang and rang the went to a unpersonalized message. I left a message asking for a refund, an updated beta, or a project. I then left my phone number asking him to call me back. I'll try again tomorrow. I encourage other to give him a call as well. Please, do let us know how this phone call goes. Josh expect a call tomorrow around 3:15pm PST. A quick google search for Josh address and phone comes up with this link which he posted himself. Granted it could be out of date. <url>"F"the positive atmosphere and fanboy politeness crap, when someone runs off with your money they are called a thief. He needs to man up and come clean with the backers and make things right, it's the adult thing to do. @Zach can you post a link to his address or post it for the world to see. I would like to write him a very strong worded letter asking for a refund or a product. We have the address he registered his business under and backers local to the Seattle area. Just saying. @Lawrence You are in fact right the official terms of use for KS says we are not investors (all my previous information came from KS peoples official statements at various CON's and that differs from the written statement on the page). I apologize for my misinformation it was a good faith error. However they do also state it is not a pre-order and hear is the rub to backers. The official terms of use state that the creator is only responsible for providing a refund if he can not provide the reward promised at your backing level. They also state that there is no time limit on when they can provide these rewards as est. delivery is just that and not a guarantee. This probably explains why stalled projects like this one or up front ether just disappear or fain constant forwarded movement. Since if you do not admit the project is dead you are protected by the terms of use. @Shimbo You are right I have no way of contacting him and getting a new Bata relies on Josh being a stand up guy which he has not proven to be. I just don't see any forward movement in the alternative of calling him a thief and venting ether (other then to relive stress). My Hope in trying to get people to ask Josh to produce a new Bata is to maybe change the atmosphere in this comment section. Since we know that Josh logs in occasionally I hoped a more positive atmosphere might get him to return and work on the project. I admit it is unlikely but so is recouping our money and I did really like the Bata. So, what can we really do? If we do have lawyers in the backer-pool, can those give us some constructive tips on how to proceed? I really hope that it is not ok in the US to just walk away with peoples money be it an investment or a preorder or whatever. So far, Josh "stole" our money! That surely is punishable, isn't it? Maybe if he is faced with a severe enough penalty he will get his things together. If we just all shut up and go away, he "wins". So let us make it as difficult as we can for him to just take our money and go away. I'm not a resident of the US of A (i live in europe) but if someone knows how i can support our cause to get our money back (or the product we were promised), please let me know. We are not investors. It's a pre-order. We can't be investors, as that would be a violation of securities laws, federal and state. NO PLEDGE YOU MAKE THROUGH KICKSTARTER IS AN INVESTMENT. We are also victims, either of Josh Frost's fraud or incompetence (or both). @The_Healer How do you propose to "call on Josh"? Do you have a phone number? If so I suggest you share it so I can give that thief a piece of my mind. Or maybe you have a Josh signal to flash up in the night, he'll probably ignore that like he has been ignoring everything else. You seem to have some smug notion that Josh will magically reappear and just give us "something". In fact the only person who would have a way to communicate with Josh would be Hugo, so I call on Hugo to give us Josh's phone number so we as investors can call him and demand our money or a product. Josh is a coward and a liar who squandered $42K and is hiding under a rock hoping this all goes away one day and the sad part is most people are content with losing their money. @ED I never said a judgment could not result in the copyright changing hands. In fact I know that can happen. What I said was that Josh did not have to file for Copyright that it is attached when the work is created. As such that Josh currently owns the copyright and would need to sell, voluntarily relinquish, or yes have a judgment remove it for us to use it. I don't know what type of law you practice so you may know more then me as I only know what the copyright lawyers and liability layers at my day job (not as a Publisher but as someone that often deals with copyright and investments) tell me. I will say that you are wrong about us not being investors however. KS plainly states that we are such and there is no guarantee that the products you back will ever be made. This is not a preorder service as most people seem to think. You are a limited liability investor signing the contract when you pledge of I will give you this much support and in return I will receive a payout in the form of rewards when you are successful. KS has been very upfront about this fact but no one seems to pay attention or care about these risks when they pledge. You are in fact right though that even on KS you can't just walk off with peoples money that is fraud. You can however take peoples money and try to produce a project spending the investment in the process and ultimately fail and loose the money. That is the risk of being an investor in a company or product. I will close by saying again that I feel the most productive curse of action would be to call on Josh to release the work to date in ether an updated bata or a semi-finished PDF so that backers get the most up to date version of the game. So somebody get something moving already? As a US lawyer I disagree with just about everything Healer said. A judgement against Josh / company could easily result in the plaintiffs owning the copyright and just about anything else the money was used to produce. We are not investors with Josh you can't simply walk away with people's money -- even on KS. So, did he give any sign of life outside of Kickstarter? Could he have died or something? His facebook fan page was not touched either since September. Well I just the report a project link on Kickstarter but I don't expect much there. Maybe start advertising how projects like shows how little kickstarter protects the donners? Aside from the hand full of people who filed a report with the WA State attorney general and those outside the US, why hasn't anyone else filed a report? If everyone one did the we could get things like a nearly finished PDF and maybe an explanation. I can't believe this guy got away with it; and Kickstarter continues to ignore reports on the project. What Paul said. @Joerg - at this point I doubt there is a penny left. There will be no refunds as Josh has run off and kickstarter staff don't do anything after a project starts. Even if you donated at the higher levels it would be hard to sue and recoup any $$$. So i guess this project is dead? Josh just dropped off the face of the earth with no correspondence whatsoever. I don't think we have to just accept that. How about we file a class action lawsuit? I admit i have no idea how that works in the US, but i'm sure we have some backers who could help. If Josh knows that the project is over, he could at least tell us. And refund us our money. No real harm done. But this behaviour? Not acceptable. "Also I would like to renew my call for Josh to produce an updated PDF with the changes to the system. I have enjoyed the bata and would just like to get as close to the final rules as possible. Ideally I would like a finished PDF of the rules even if it is missing some art." This. I don't believe he stole all 43k. There was work done for sure. Art was done and there was at least 2 staff members at some point. Blake and the lady who was doing the layouts towards the end. The writing , art, and other people labor is worth something to uses the funds we provided. Now how much was used for the game vs not the game? An audit would in question if this was fraud(criminal). I thought stealing close to $43k was a pretty big deal also. It isn't the fact the project failed. That us failed I knew it could happen and that was the risk. What has soured people is the fact Josh has just plain quit and quit the updates. It is a slap to the donors face. You know, I have always viewed kick starter as a calculated gamble. People Come through, sometimes no on our schedules though. I am thinking this project is, unfortunately, dead. It really sucks. But, blowing up will just force Josh away. I have to admit, I had totally forgotten about this project. Who knows, something may eventually give. @The_healer - I think you summed it up pretty good. @Josh - I agreed with The_healer, sent out what you have. At this point I don't care about the missing art or if the layout isn't perfect. I just want the update rule set. Ok so publisher and writer hear to clarify some tings @paul you do not have to file for copyright it is attached to any writing when it is produced. If you file that just tells the government that you have the copyright but it is not required. The strange nature of limited liability backers, which is what we are, also both protects us and Josh. In the case of us we cannot be sued as share holders in the company. However in Josh's case this also means we do not own any part of the company even the work we pledged for and thus Josh would have to sigh over his copyright to allow us to use his work. The Trademark on the name and logo is also similar to copyright but I believe must actively be in use or they expire in a set time unlike copyright which is life +70 before it ends. All this is just US law copyright varies wildly in other countries. I should also point out that as limited liability backers in a product there is very little recourse for us if the backed product never materializes or tanks. I know that people think Kickstarter is different but in truth backing a project is the same as if your friend had a start up and asked you to lone him some money under the terms that he would pay you back when the company starts to turn a profit. If you sign that contract and the company tanks you lose your investment. Short of outright fraud and this is not fraud as he made a good faith effort to produce the product getting as far as the bata there is no way to recoup your losses. Also I would like to renew my call for Josh to produce an updated PDF with the changes to the system. I have enjoyed the bata and would just like to get as close to the final rules as possible. Ideally I would like a finished PDF of the rules even if it is missing some art. Why would we do any of that? Well if Josh has submitted for copyright then this is a done deal unless he sells it <url>"it hasn't failed because I'm still working on it" pro favor? The attorney general needs to see that particular gem. Would love too but I'm one of those unwashed masses so can't :-( If people would just take a few minutes and fill out this form the Washington State Attorney General would bring up some fraud and grand theft charges. I only know of one other person and myself that actually took the time to fill this out. <url>"I will do my best to fulfill my promises, but in case I should fail there would be no refund. The money would have been spent on the project (yes, including my own rent) with nothing left. That is not to say that if I realise it's not going to work early on, partial refunds may happen." Actually, this is how I have always understood Kickstarter, assuming an honest project owner. Of course, it's not really possible to distinguish them from frauds. As a small press publisher myself I know how daunting this process can be. I have allot of patience for those that attempt to make a go of publishing there ideas. I also understand the risks that come with being a financial backer. But what is killing me is that there is apparently a much improved version of the rules out there that I may never see. Even if you can't finish the project as stated an updated Bata document would make me happy. I know I am not the norm but I do hope that this project dose get a finalized PDF even if it can't get printed. Chris Snyder: I don't think experience in the RPG industry counts for much unless you have been on the business end of actually publishing something. The other projects I have backed by individuals that have self-published before Kickstarter existed(MC being one) were hugely successful and on time. I think there is a big disconnect between, 'hey I can write that' and costs to publish said written work. It never seems to be the creative side, but the getting it coherent and on useful paper where it falls down. Given that, I backed this project heavy because I was captured by the idea and Josh's other work. Even at the beginning I was skeptical looking at such a low target to publish something of this size and it should have been a bigger red flag than it was. And I couldn't back the second city book, when it looked like the core book wasn't even breathing hard yet. From my perspective, It seemed like he was trying to raise additional funds to 'get over the hump' so to speak. I am disappointed. As one of the larger backers and a proponent of this project for a long time. I barely check back in on it and I think it might be my first post here. But anyone with access to boards could see that it was at least going to be late with the core rules changes that were going on(for the better). I would at least like to see a 'hey, I failed on this project and underestimated the scope.' kind of message at least. I guess I find the whole KS system disingenuous because it's designed to raise money to help you get a project done, but if it fails, you can't come out and say it failed because then you are obligated to send the money back to the funders which you don't have because you spent it on the project. And it's not like most of these have outside sales to be able to do that. The TOS almost forces Project leads to just 'drop off' and never come back to force actions by the funders(which most won't). Just a few more of my pennies for the fountain. Well...here is the deal. Suing for people outside of WA would be too problematic as one could only sue in small claims. I doubt that anyone would have the patience to coordinate an attempt to bring suit on behalf of all pledgers to meet the minimum jurisdictional threshold. Those pledgers in WA should consider bringing suit in small claims in WA. <url>"don't pledge, unless you're ok with getting scammed" mentality. He's not logged in since September. Kickstarter still doesn't give a darn about that either. That's great advice Josh Blick. This is my first and only Kickstarter and because of this experience I tell anyone thinking about backing a project to think twice. BUT just because a Kickstarter fails it doesn't mean that the backers don't have a legitimate right to complain and demand a refund. You may have backed some stinkers in the past and this might be a regular thing for you to experience failure and loose money on the risk, this doesn't mean that it's OK for the project creator to go silent and walk away with $42,747 of people's hard earned money. Shimbo Slice - I have filled out the paperwork. Well, there really shouldn't be any risk given that something needs to be produced or else a refunds issued. From further down the page: Ryan Jones on Dec 3 Kickstart lays everything out pretty plainly. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Also "Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US projects)." I love how you people are all up in arms. Its Kickstarter. If you can't handle the risk then don't pledge. Joshua, are you friendly enough with any game publishers so that one of them might give you a hug and help you sort this out? Send me a PM and I will try and help you. You guys could always fill out this form <url>"Boo" in months, I am afraid the time has come to admit that this project is not moving forward. It's time to refund the pledges. Paul, just stating the likely outcome of a successful civil law suit. Based on the KS Terms of Use and law it appears to me that the strongest claims of backers would be for the IP itself then of course other assets of InfiniteXstudio, etc. No less than 5 projects I have backed are in similar circumstances with backers threatening civil action or initiating criminal charges. I have worked with others to successfully create 2 KS projects with more to follow so I have been following the tax and legal liability aspects of KS pretty closely. Ed, I am just curious but why would Josh lose IP rights anyways? One of Josh's friends needs to get in touch with him and strongly suggest that he sell (give) the game to a publisher who can actually publish the game and deliver to backers. Otherwise he may end up losing the IP rights to the game anyway and suffering much personal financial heartache in a civil suit. If he's smart, and the game is any good, then he should be able to work something out to get the game published and himself off the hook legally and financially. Josh send me a PM and I will try and help you out. We are past the two year mark of project funding. Estimated delivery is April 2012 and that is about to be at the two year mark. I am ok with the lateness of the project for quality but what has bug me the most was lack of comms to the backers. At this point Josh needs to spill the beans on what the issues are. (I think funds and getting stuff to print is an issue but that is an uneducated guess) I have submitted an Washington State Attorney General's Consumer Complaint form because honestly at my pleage level it has lost value due to lack of interest. I had people and friends looking forward to playing but as time moved on interest has waned. I am going to get 8 books one day (Issues 1-8) and no idea what to do with 2-8. I still like the game. I like the concept. Attacking Josh isn't my goal here. But 4 months of no comminication and this late in the project has to be considering a FAILURE by the kickstarter standards. I still think that Josh will come through (some day...) even if only to deliver on his promise and to let Quantum follow the course he set it into with this long and silent wait. I'm still "defending" him because I am and had been at the same position, where I promise stuff and takes me literally years to deliver. My biggest mistake was to take more gigs than I had time to do in proper schedule, a error a repeated for several years... Fortunately, so far 98% of my commissioners are still with me (even those I've taken years to deliver). The key here is communication. I've been trying to contact Josh for a while with no success. I can't say more than that. I won't abandon this project and I still think Josh won't either. I want to think that he's setting his life in order and that he need to focus on that before going back to this project with a clear head and honor his promise. But I've already said all this before. We can do several things here: Approach this situation with legal anger and "hope" for a forced solution. Have some hopeful patience, or jsut continue with plain desinterest. On my part, I'll keep poking Josh until he's ready to continue or to find an alternate solution as many other dropped KS have. As had been said, it took Razor Coast some 3-4 years to materialize (and I had the pleasure of working on it! ;)), So I still hope that Quantum will get resurected. PS: I didn't feel my name was beign dragged through the mud in here... :S This is where Hugo needs to step in and fill that void. He has a direct line to Josh and can communicate the anger and frustration of the backers; Hugo is also a backer. Hugo is the principal artist and it would be in his best interest to see his work see published. I can only guess, but I think that Josh is not able to face his responsibilities regarding this kickstarter at the moment. I guess he is not able to either finish the project and/or has no funds left to print and ship the books. I do not think that he will appear anytime soon and face his responsibilities. We can only hope, that he has some friends an/or family who will eventually contact us 580 backers and tell us the truth about what will happen with this project. Does anybody of you know about the History of the D&D Book "Razor Coast"? The Creator took in lots of pre-orders and then took a stressfull job and the got severe depression. Years later a friend of his took over where he left and offered refunds for everyone who pre-ordered. Better still, Frog God Games realized the project via kickstarter. I am still angry with Josh for not communicating, but maybe he is not able to do it due to some Issues we do not know about. It's dead? It's a learning experience? Bullshit. We paid, he delivers. Product or refund I don't much care, but we're getting something. Wow Paul, how can you justify loosing $1000 to a "learning experience"? I have to admit at this point it doesn't matter as this game is pretty much dead now. I don't like my game rules heavy and filled a good spot for me. Alas getting the finished product does seem unlikely at this moment. I am a 1000$ Backer and other than to say I am disappointed about this result I do not plan to bash Josh. He made mistakes, I hope he learned and we all can move on. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Last login Sep 29 2013. I can understand that when things go bad and go on longer and longer, it gets more and more difficult. But that is just… wow. Josh as an olive branch I am prepared to offer you any assistance I can (execpt financial and art) to help you along. Please email me and let me know how I can help get this book one step closer to peoples hands P.S. Forgive the spelling and grammer errors below. Right now it is apparent Josh is hiding hoping everything will quiet down and this will all go away. His career in the RPG business has been dealt a serious blow by his own hand, and his reputation as a Kickstarter project developer has been destroyed, again by his own hand. As of this point Josh's lack of communication is tantamount to project abandonment and enough to warrant calling this project a failure (i.e. not able or willing to deliver as promised) requiring a refund by Kickstraters own terms; it is also coming up on four months (over 90 days) with ZERO communication from Josh. At last communication Josh practically admitted that he ran out of the initial investment money to the point where he needed to get a job. Is this to fulfill his obligation to his backers, take care of his family (His wife was unemployed as well, not sure if she found work yet, again due to Josh's lack of communication)? Josh also admitted that Coleen was essentially working on the layout pro bono and that he was having issues with the art, whether it be Hugo's fault for that or not was vague, but he was looking to other sources (maybe pro bono as well). In previous posts Josh had mentioned other people as working with him on the project, but has not mentioned them sense. At this point Josh needs to man-up and come clean about whats going on, right now the only ones sticking up for him are the sycophants who are so desperately trying to hold on to Josh's dream. My conjecture is pure speculation and could be easily cleared up with a simple communication from Josh; even if it is to tell me to STFU. That being said, as an adult Joshua Frost you need to make every faithful attempt to fulfill your financial obligation to your backers and ask for forgiveness. I'm pretty certain that you are reading every single post, and as an adult you need to communicate like a gown up what is going on rather than hiding in the shadows waiting for everything to go away. You are financially liable for all $42,747 and are legally bound to deliver what you promised or give it all back. This money was not given to you out of charity but to help you see your dream become a reality. Josh be a man and come clean. Hugo Solis as the primary artist for the Quantum Role Playing Game and a backer you have a part in this as well. In an attempt to prevent your name from getting dragged through the mud any more than it already has it is in your best interest and the interest of seeing you work published that you should use your direct line to Josh and urge him to come out of hiding and come clean to this projects supporters. "I think his BIG mistake is subscribing to the notion that he didn't need a schedule" ---- His biggest mistake is believing that he had to start a full fledged business to publish this book. I have experience in self publishing, including what it takes to get a book formatted and so forth. He put the cart before the horse, he spent money he didn't have that didn't go toward the goal of getting the game published. Hence, he has no business, we have no communication, and will never see the game. Even if he gets the game out, his credibility is ruined and this will be a novel item that will wind up sitting on shelves or being put in the trash. There wont be any material to follow it with so what's the point. He needs to just come right out and say he can't do it and just get it over with. I really don't care anymore if I get his product or my money back. In truth, I feel sorry for the guy for not having the wisdom to properly consult others in making this happen. Again, his biggest mistake was in believing his 42k in funding created a case to setup a full fledged business. That wasn't the case at all and he should have been able to figure that out in the first place. So, at this point in the lifecycle of Quantum RPG and Infinite X Studio, is it fair to say that this vaporware RPG has become depreciated by the combination of Numenera + Strange, both from Monte Cook Games? It seems that whatever sci-fi based role-playing Josh had planned in Quantum has been adequately fulfilled by Monte and crew, especially in light of all the positive attention Numenera has been receiving since it's release. What incentive does Josh have at this point to release Quantum, other than a sense of obligation to the backers who paid for this project? And I question how strong of an obligation this is for Josh, given the lack of any communication regarding Quantum or real life issues that have caused the catastrophic setbacks with Quantum? Much like Nick Logue's Razor Coast, the only way I see Quantum becoming a real product is if Josh cuts his losses and finds another RPG company to pick up the scattered pieces and put it back together for production/distribution. I suspect, however, that is a very unlikely scenario, again due to Numenera and Strange. Thus, much like the owner who slowly loses hope that the runaway dog will return, I suspect we will eventually accept the fact that this dog is never to return and eventually wax poetic about the one that got away: Quantum RPG. I think his BIG mistake is subscribing to the notion that he didn't need a schedule, and he'd release it "when it was perfect". That is asinine, and is usually reason #1 that projects fail. Mistake #2 has been inconsistent, unrealistic and (sometimes) outright untruthful communication. Not communicating is certainly an issue (and the current one), but so is setting unrealistic expectations, promising things not delivered, and outright lies. When backing, I thought Josh was a better person than he has demonstrated. Live and learn. Its funny reading all of these excuses for a man who can't give a quick update for himself. The lack of communication has only made things worse. Speaking 100% as a backer (which I am too), I don't think Josh "doesn't care" for his project or its backers. I think his one BIG mistake is the lack of communication with his backers. Right now I suppose he's trying to get his life back on tracks with his new job and then follow with this project's obligations, after all, I think we'd all put our family's well beign first. I'm do believe that he will honor his obligations to this project even if it takes another year... (which I hope it doesn't!), thou by then maybe most of us will lose most interest on it, and I'm pretty sure he's aware of it, so I suppose that he must be taking care of his family which would be the one thing more important than this. This is the way I think and feel about this, mostly because I've been (am!) in this kind of situations and is terribly stressing to have people after you because you owe them work, specially when you WANT to fullfil your duties to them AND keep your family afloat. My own personal two cents There has been one Kickstarter that folded from another company. From what I read from September's update the book should be close to done. I would like a more recent update. I don't see that as "obvious." Josh hasn't updated. That's the truth. The reasons for that, and in particular whether he "cares" or not are up to each of us to judge. (He may be overwhelmed and stressed. That's different from not caring about any of us.) . If Josh has been working on this project over the last couple months, I'd like to know. If Colleen's been working on layout, I'd like to know. If there's something that we can do to help him get out of Writer's Block or some other unhealthy mind-space, I'd like to know. To cite a similar situation from a couple years' ago, Razor Coast eventually came to publication, but it needed Nic Logue to get through a bad spot, and he needed help getting there. If the ideal is to pile on Josh, party on. If the ideal is to get through this towards a successful KickStarter, I want to know what the current situation is, and what needs to happen. What exactly are you hoping for Chris? It should be obvious by now that Josh doesn't care about this project and cares even less for its backers. Have you filled this out yet? <url>’s Office. Consumer complaints provide valuable information that our office uses to identify patterns of unfair or deceptive trade practices that may warrant enforcement of the Consumer Protection Act. The complaint you submitted to our office regarding Kickstarter was reviewed and determined to be appropriate for the informal complaint resolution services offered by our Consumer Resource Center and has been assigned to me for processing. This is an informal, voluntary process. Our office acts as a neutral party to facilitate communication between consumers and businesses to assist in resolving the complaint. We are prohibited by Washington State law from providing legal advice or representing either party. Following is information about our informal complaint resolution process. Informal Complaint Resolution Process The process takes approximately 4-6 weeks to complete. A copy of your complaint is sent to the business(es) with a request to provide our office with a response within 21 calendar days. If a response is received, you will be notified and a copy of the response will be provided to you. If our office has not received a response from the business(es) within 14 calendar days, a courtesy reminder will be sent to the business(es) reminding them that their response is due within the next 7 calendar days. If the business(es) do not respond to our request, our office cannot compel the business(es) to respond. If the business does not respond or does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction If the business(es) do not respond, or your complaint is not resolved through our informal complaint resolution service, your complaint will be closed. However, you will be notified of additional options and resources that may be available to assist you in the event you wish to pursue the matter further.] It might not be much but it is something. I encourage everyone to fill out this form no matter how much you've lost. <url>"nearly completed" project to finish and go to print. The time and money invested in this project has been squandered and misappropriated to the point where even if the book is finished there won't be enough money to print it at the promised levels. The lack of solid communication has shown that this project has been abandoned. Some people may be out a dollar and some may be out thousands of dollars, all put into a product that was supposed to be finished in April of 2012 and then Summer of 2012, and then who knows from there. All of these empty promises, lack of communication, and poor stewardship of others money is disrespectful to investors and is enough to warrant legal action. I encourage all backers who backed this project at any level to visit <url>"regular" updates, only to go quiet again? This time he hasn't even logged into Kickstarter in over 2 months. Is it ... the failure to keep his promises? That all his estimates are total crap? That there has been virtually no progress since summer? Is it ... the fact that nearly a year ago he claimed he was still "willing and able" to deliver this project, rebuffing requests for refunds, publicly wagging his fingers at the two backers who wanted refunds. (Funny that, seems there are more of us now. Perhaps us early naysayers were simply prophetic.) I'm honestly curious why anyone would have any faith in Josh. I get that he's not at Far West or Anvils and Axes ... yet. But he's most certainly on the way. What makes him different than either of those? I believe that Joshua is still committed to making a good faith attempt to finish this and that it isn't a scam. It has become apparent that it's not running as smoothly as he would have hoped and that things have gone wrong. That being said even based off his last update I think he still intends to make the attempt to deliver the product. That being said, he really does need to communicate with the backers. Even if it's delayed some communication will give everyone more faith in the project than just ignoring things, as long as he doesn't make ridiculous promises (see Far West for a project where the promises are getting beyond a joke.) Darren, thanks for sharing the link. I hope it doesn't come to legal action, but I agree about January 1st being over the line. The silence and empty promises on Josh's part are extremely disrespectful to the people who funded his project. Obviously Josh isn't taking this seriously and in a childish way is trying to back out of his obligation to produce a product that has been bought and paid for by quite a lot of people. The questions that need to be answered are 1) Will there be money to fulfill the obligation of sending backers at minimum 2 hardcover books? 2) If not how will Josh refund the money to backers, which he is obligated to do if he can't complete this project? 3)How will failure to deliver stretch goals work in terms of refunds? 4) Why hasn't Josh offered refunds to those who have asked? 5) Why on Earth would someone so behind on delivering a product solicit a follow up project, before the first is even delivered? 6) Is this some sort of Ponzi scheme? I personally plan on filing a complaint with the state of Washington come January 1st 2014 if sufficient progress hasn't been made. I encourage others to do so as well. I have posted a link in the comments of update 82 from 2 months ago. Kickstart lays everything out pretty plainly. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Also "Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US projects)." Happy two months since the last time Josh logged in! Also, Happy Day-After-Thanksgiving. Hopefully no one got crushed in a crowd or shot at a Walmart or anything. On another note, I love the "Kickstarter is a investment" fairy tale. What a load of crap. While some Kickstarters are more patronage than anything else (I backed a local store opening its brick and mortar location, for example), I treat most projects in the gaming space as storefronts - because that is exactly how their creators treat them. Duh. Kickstarter is not an investment. You aren't investing. They aren't allowed to sell investments in this manner. It would be illegal. What you did as a backer is pay money in exchange for the promise of the delivery of a product. That's a contract. The risk is that Joshua Frost will breach the contract. It certainly seems at this point that he has. You have the legal right to get your money back or demand delivery of the item. Joshua just knows that you aren't likely to pursue that legal right because it would cost more than the item you pre-purchased. That's how Kickstarter scams work, folks! Kickstarter is an investment in a potential future. It's just like any other business investment. Sometimes you win, and win big, other times you lose. We should only be spending on a KickStarter what we are willing to lose. Too many people treat this like a pre-order system which it is not. I would love to see Quantum ship, but I have many doubts at this point. Am I sad and frustrated? Sure. Am I giving up on kickstarter? No way. It's always a risk, one that has paid off in full many times on other projects. This was one of my first projects I've backed and since then I've learned a lot. Best wishes to Josh and the other team members involved in this game. I hope someday that it will release. If not then it's not the end of the world. Hi, Hugo. Thanks for checking in. I'm still looking forward to this product. I'm sure you and Josh want the albatross off your back. Can you give us any insight about what has to happen, in order for those goals to be met? Lou A. got the manuscript for "Razor Coast" back on its feet. I'm imagining that something similar could happen with the Quantum RPG? I come in here at least once a week to check on "the mood", I haven't abandoned this project neither as a fan nor as an artist. I'm not involved beyond my contract as an artist and for obvious reasons I can only speak as a fan, and I still holding to the idea that this project will get finished, there's too much money and effort pour into it to be abbandoned. @Daniel: I do want to goad Josh. I come here to vent some of my anger for this kickstarter failure. That's what I'd like to think, Raphael. This still has more than the ability to be a success for Infinite X Studio. With Turkey Day coming up, all we can do is hope that the hours not spent on writing KS updates or comments went into finishing the book "in time". @Daniel - I wasn't crass with you. I was serious. Everyone was all kissy and nice with Josh early on, and obviously that didn't work out. So, what do you suggest? Josh's deadlines just like his promises mean nothing anymore. It even seems as though Hugo has quit the project without finishing his share. I'm sure there are still the sycophants that will wait until the end of the Earth for this game to come out because it "means a quality product". For those people, I've got some magic beans for you to invest in. I'm in this to see how the train wreck clears up. And being crass with Josh (who isn't even reading this) and now me, somehow is ok? I totally relate with you on feeling betrayed. I'm in that same boat after all this time. But getting pissed isn't going to help the issue. His last update stated that he planned to have it out of his hands by Thanksgiving. If we don't see it by January 1st, there may be a desire to file a business complaint with WA state, as that's happened with projects in *much* worse state than this one, which I backed. I don't feel bad about losing my $35 to this enough to pursue any financial action. However, I see that there's so many who have lost considerably more. That wouldn't settle well with me. Josh hasn't responded to anyone for what - 2 months? What do you suggest, then? A Christmas card? Flowers? A singing telegram? I totally understand Kristian's sentiment. No one should have to "goad" him into posting, but Josh apparently doesn't even have the moral fortitude to address his backers anymore. Kristian, if someone left me a message like that; I wouldn't respond to them either. Of course Josh has been way too silent for my taste... but goading him into talking isn't going to work. Let's face it: We will never see the final book in PDF or print. We will never see a single Dollar refund. We probably won't see an comment from Josh. Or am I wrong Josh? There's another similar, but much smaller kickstarter that went south recently; and the backers starting filing business complaints with the users home state. If this goes that way, Kickstarter would have to get involved with the process; as I'm sure most people used Amazon Payments to back the project. Well not to sure if we will ever see any thing from this but all my other kickstarters have worked out very well a pity about as originally it look a good concept. I wouldn't say Kickstarter ripoff, but rather, a complete mismanagement of funds couple with misrepresentation. This was the second of 4 and is the reason why I am no longer participating in Kickstarter. This project has a special place in my heart as my first Kickstarter rip-off. First of many. Since Josh isn't bothering to pop in here anymore (maybe he's given up on this, too?), here's a gem from the Archives. Exactly one year ago, Josh posted this: "At this point I have no idea what to say. The book is in progress. You have my apologies that it's late. There's nothing more to add than what I did above and what I said below. I appreciate that some of you feel like you paid for a book and got a beta PDF, but you're getting a book—when it's finished. The day I send the files off to the printer is the day I'll give everyone a release date." One year exactly. Pretty funny in retrospect, actually. :) He hasn't bothered to log into Kickstarter for a month. I'm deeply saddened by his choice to take this route. Shameful how our money was squandered with nothing but a PDF Beta to show for it. If I was the person who pledged $2500 I would have called a lawyer months ago. I don't know what you're expecting here. Josh hasn't logged in since his last update a month ago, when he said "I'm back to frequent updates again and I'm sorry for the lack of updates." Ummm ... what? I don't know why you'd be taking him at his word anymore. He might be a nice guy in real life, and he might be a good writer (I thought so - thats why I backed this), but as a project creator and a trustworthy source of information ... [shrug] This was the first project I backed on Kickstarter. Thankfully, the seven other ones that I have afterwards have all completed and I have received the product or actually is in shipment. I just want to get this project in hopes I can sell it to get my money back. I pledged the $42 level and I should be getting double. From one of the last updates I remember reading, it sounded like he was out of money and has to work multiple jobs to get by and was trying to find time to still work on this project. But, if he is out of money, how can he fulfil the rewards to anyone if he does finish the project? From Kickstarter site- "Who is responsible for fulfilling the promises of a project?It is the responsibility of the project creator to fulfill the promises of their project. Kickstarter reviews projects to ensure they do not violate the project guidelines, however Kickstarter does not investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. Creators are encouraged to share links to any websites that show work related to the project, or past projects. It's up to them to make the case for their project and their ability to complete it. Because projects are usually funded by the friends, fans, and communities around its creator, there are powerful social forces that keep creators accountable. The web is an excellent resource for learning about someone’s prior experience. If someone has no demonstrable prior history of doing something like their project, or is unwilling to share information, backers should consider that when weighing a pledge. If something sounds too good to be true, it very well may be." Almost a month since the last update with not a word about how this book is coming along. On the off chance that this book actually sees the light of day, I just hope he gives us the courtesy of a heads up before this thing is finished and ready to ship so those of us who have changed addresses can update our shipping information. Heh, Quantum getting special notice at RPG.net in their "Failstarter" thread: <url>"One & Done" kind of guy in the RPG industry. I got into the Kickstarter because of his previous work. If you requested a refund, well that's an entirely different animal. I have every reason to believe that he's still working on it and that we'll actually see the books. I just wish I knew what has taken so long, when he had a headstart on so many other Science Fiction or Science Fantasy rpg supplements that either released, or will be out quite soon. Yeah, Joao. Sheesh. I mean, it's not like you paid money or anything. It's not like Josh has stopped updating regularly or anything (again). Its not like the project is around 18 months late (from the initial date) or 12 months late (from the "revised" date). Its not like you were denied a refund because Josh claims (despite all evidence to the contrary) that he's "willing and able" to provide the product he promised. Or maybe it is all that, and it isn't like we're ever actually gonna see this book. C'mon Josh Be a sport n give us an update! Kind of surprised he didn't pop in at least once this month. I was overly impatient about a year ago because I really wanted to play. That passed and it seemed like we were getting pretty straightforward updates. We're closing in on two years here since funding came in. I'm falling back into "what exactly has he been doing" mode. Josh, if you read these; you were ahead of the curve in Science Fantasy with Quantum, man. Now other projects that started AFTER you are already out, printed and in stores. I hope you and Quantum get going again, man. There was such promise in the system. I'd hate to see it fade before even being released. Geez, João, tone it done. There is absolutely nothing to gain from harrassing the guy here. From all I've read, I for one have every confidence that we will receive a well-made book (or two, for that matter). I don't know how Josh funds himself (job? --> delay inevitable) but I believe that this project matters to him. Will I still care when I receive Quantum, or will I just keep playing Numenera to satisfy my Science Fantasy wants? Don't know. We'll see then. Numenera sure sets a high bar; too bad, you had the headstart! I received my Trailblazer Teralogue three years after funding. Razor Coast took four. I'm not writing this off yet. Wow just realised we funded this 20 months ago! That's crazy. I have written off my pledge as I really don't believe we will get Quantum. Unless it `leaps` up from the grave. Hello!!! Knock knock, is anybody there? Where's my delayed and never to be played RPG book? Mr. Frost, please? Last update from Mr. Frost: "Breaking Bad Silence Bla bla bla, bla bla bla. I hope to put up a larger update next week showing some rules changes implemented during my work this last month. bla bla bla bla bla bla Next week I want to preview the new Archer along with possible builds. This will serve to both preview the rules changes and show off the new Archer." So, it's quite clear now (and again) that Mr. Frost simply does not respect his own schedule and commitments. I'm really tired of this Kickstarter... Some months ago I asked for a refund and all I got was a stupid update telling the backers to have patience, that KS only encourages refunds if the project surely will not happen. I don't believe this project will ever come to exist. But it seems I'm one of the only ones to believe so... If this project is delivered, I'll be getting two hardcover books and a map. I'll keep one of the books just to remind myself of this mess and never again to enter this sort of KS, but I'll probably just ritually destroy the other to vent my rage. Should I send you a copy of my will so you will know who to sent Quantum to when it's ready? Sorry, wrong link: <url>"side note", there's a lot of negative buzz going on here: [link]<url>"Will you be changing addresses between now and May? If so, please let me know here so I'm aware and can re-ask for your address when the Quantum Roleplaying Game releases. No Submitted: on December 30, 2011." Between December 2011 and May 2012 I did not change address, but I did change after that. Will another survey be submitted? That's awesome! Josh -- Will you be demoing QUANTUM at any conventions this summer? I'd like to point out that while Josh certainly went through a time that he didn't handle communicating with backers or forum fans well; he's been making regular updates here. Right now, I'm actually very happy now with both the quality and quantity of updates here. That's much more than some other Projects which I'm backing have been doing. Two great examples of how it could have went: I'm having to deal with one project misusing pledges on a different project (and their personal lifestyle); and another refusing to ship books that have been done for three months. I'm not defending Quantum or anything. However, I do think perspective's important. There's no point in feeling cheated when he's showing good will. Yes, the project's totally late. However, it's still being worked on, still being updated and at least now... every week we're getting closer and closer to a release. You bother because back in 2011 the creator made you believe in this project and now you feel cheated... because you put your money here and you got NADA in return so far... Just like I bother. It's all we can do. Who knows anymore. At this rate we won't see any final product until late 2015, if we're lucky. I don't even know why I still bother checking up on this project anymore. @Darren, are you talking about the missing Monday Update from last week, or the one from today that's likely to appear after Wednesday (I wish), showing that the book we backed in the end of 2011 is still more than 40% incomplete? How about that Monday Update? No updates this Monday (Friday)? I have to agree with João, it would be nice to get an update on the rough %age of the writing and artwork completed, even if not an ETA on the finished book. It would be really interesting to know how is the game progressing... It's good that we're getting updates, but they seem so lackluster in terms of contents. It's not that I do not like Hugo Solis' drawings, because I really do! But these updates just show that Hugo Solis is working and not Joshua Frost. Is Joshua Frost working? The update about the space program and interstellar exploration in the reald world was cool, Josh. Thank you. How's the game progressing? What's on deck for the next pass through development? It's Thursday and we don't have an update. Everything okay? Patience is a virtue. We'll all get what's coming to us eventually. :) All this energy, all this focus, all this attention to the comments board when we had none in the recent past, a brand new update in the middle of the week, full of content, full of analysis. Okay, so no refund to me, but at least I know I stoked up a fire... that was worth it. ;-) I really don't understand the issue here. Creating a game from scratch takes time, getting the text, the layout and the printing takes time. Producing the art takes time. If you don't have the stomach to wait an indeterminate period of time, why are you here on Kickstarter? If you don't have the stomach to get nothing back because the project fails, why are you here on Kickstarter? Hello Joshua, Can we discuss a way to refund some of your backers that are not interested in the project anymore, please? Thanks! João Flávio Well as I mentioned before, this has gone beyond the realms of me being remotely interested anymore. I asked for a refund & get zero response on here on via messaging Josh, nice going mate! Now the forums are down too... Great customer service..lol I've backed 28 projects..this is by far the worst for all the worst reasons Hehe, good one Chris, maybe I should do the same. Okay, thanks. Let´s wait and hope. João, Josh has promised it as quickly as possible, and he's learned not to promise a release date. It will come as soon as it can, and it will be super-awesome. (Having said that, it *is* in my will, as to which heir will receive my copy, should I pass from this world before the book ships.) The big question is, when will we get the book? Infinite X forums down, and the guaranteed Monday update moved to Tuesday still isn't up on Wednesday. This is a good sign right? I'm starting to look forward to Quantum Mondays These new Paradigms sound fun and the idea of an immortal automaton is interesting to say the least. Good update. Thank you for the update Josh! I look forward to Monday. Yep, if you stop the updates it sudenly looks like vaporware. Below are already some who ask for a refund. I really can not understand why thos project managers stop to communicate with the backers. I know my address has changed between now and the time the survey was sent. I'm sure others have as well, can we at least get a confirmation that a new survey will be sent to update this information when the delivery is near? I don't think KS has garnered a poor reputation, but it certainly has facilitated projects from people who probably wouldn't otherwise have been able to get projects funded and off the ground - likely because of scheduling and communication issues. :) My big issues, though, are with promises unmet. They Might Be Flesh has been like that (and worse). Until yesterday, the Mongoose KS was like that. (On IndieGoGo, consider most LotFP projects.) This one is certainly in that camp. Not even necessarily promises of product, but consider this: "Updates will get loud again." - November 12th. There have been, what - 2 updates since then? 1 per month? That is hardly "loud". Contrast to late projects that have been fully transparent - Better Angels, Tentacles and Eyeballs or Tales of a Fallen Empire (as examples). Go look at their updates and comments sections. I'm totally willing to give them passes, because they've been consistently engaged with their backers, which demonstrates (to me) that, you know, they care about their backers. And that is exactly the reason why Kickstarter has garnered such a negative reputation in gaming circles: 1) Project is waaaay to late 2) NO COMMUNICATION WITH THE BACKERS Josh, from your long experience you should now that communication is the most important thing! That is no way to treat us. And don't tell us some apologies about sickness, artists/frelancers leaving in a critical moment or some other often heard BS. Just tell us when this project will be finished and we will receive the book(s) or come clean and tell us this project won't be finished and refund the cash. Any chance at some sort of update? Would be nice to know how things are going. Well any sort of reply would be good! Even the forum has died it seems 8( @darren benford-brown, exactly the same happened to me... I never really looked into the beta files or whatever and my interest in the content and book simply disappeared... When this KS ended I was really excited, but that was more than one year ago... Any word on anything? Joshua I would like a refund please. My interest in the game has totally waned I'm afraid & it would only gather dust on a shelf now. I pledged at the $47 level international. This project is getting long in the tooth. Joshua, we rellay need some meaningful updates with some estimates when we will receive the book. Sooo..... progress? Hello Joshua. I was wondering if you could refund me my total pledge amount, please? Thank you in advance! Regards @Josh Blick. I know this isn't a store. A store has customers who get a product as soon as they give their money. We are not customers; we are INVESTORS. We are limited investors, and as such we expect a return on our investment. The expected and promised return is the product(s) listed at the reward level at which we pledged. We all saw our money disappear over a year ago and in return we have yet to see any indication as to when we will finally see a return on the investment we made. No, I will not stop using Kickstarter, because it has produced some of the best new products and works I have seen in a long time. However, I will continue to worry when I invest in a product, see my money taken, and then fail to see any real indication down the line that what I invested in is coming to fruition or when. Really silent... I woudn't call it loud ;-) It made some noise, but then it was silent again. Maybe it is for the best, maybe it is because the content is almost done... We can only hope. When will the updates get loud again? It might be asinine but it's the truth. Projects will be late. This is a brand new IP that is designed by one person. It doesn't matter if it's one year late I'll take a polished product over a piece of garbage. Quantum was the first thing I backed here on KS. Since then I've backed 40 other projects. Just about every single one has been late. So what they launched a second KS, it was a business decision. It failed to pan out so now they're changing the plan on what to do. But again, I reiterate...if you're going to worry don't use kickstarter. This is not a store. If your interested in the project just follow it and get the product when it releases. If you do that then there is no cause to worry. Well, to be honest, I just couldn't in good faith support a second project while this one was still outstanding. @Josh Blick - that is an asinine sentiment. When a project is (way) late like this, transparency is the key. I've noticed a number of projects that get later and later ... and quieter and quieter. Sadly, Frost & Co have fallen into this trap, and in fact have gotten fairly defensive and snippy, despite their mea culpa/move the cheese post in September (months after their project was due). Plus they launched a second KS before even fulfilling the first! I certainly pay attention to details like that and file them away for future use, and this will most certainly be the only time I support a project by these guys - and I've supported some 35+ projects. (And likely, unless Quantum really blows my socks off, won't ever buy anything from them, either.) Even for crowdfunding, customer service and PR matter. A lot. Okay, so we won't ask about the timeline or a delivery estimate anymore... But it would be nice to know how much of the final content is already done... 40%? 60%? How many chapters are ready? If you're worried then stop using kickstarter. Any news? No updates since September 27. Starting to get a little (read: a lot) worried here. So did the Beta get released as planned on the 15th? Great to see an update! Looking forward to the Beta! I really like what I have seen so far...but I'm pretty concerned that there is no longer a schedule, and a significant lack of communication. I would greatly prefer to have a schedule and have it missed than have no schedule at all. I think everyone is being patient and is willing to wait to make sure the product is the best it can be. Any further news? I understand a massive project like does take time, but I'm a little nervous that we haven't had any further updates since May. Even a short progress report would be welcome. I am really excited about Quantum and can't wait to bring it to my group. Further news? Sorry for being impatient. I Backed you because you have a great idea. I would rather wait for what you know is a finished beta, something you are happy with. I am patient brother Any updates? Any news? I wish I could have ponied up the extra $1500 for the box set as well. So when is the beta version supposed to be released? Congrats for the new logo. Let the epicness ensue Just picked up a used copy of Heroes Unlimited. Teaching my girlfriend how to play tabletop so shes ready for this when it releases. Cant wait! Cant wait to get a chance to look more into this and do some playtesting! Thank you Josh for creating a system that looks to be so amazing. here we go. I will be the first to ask...Are you done yet? ;-P woooooooo!!! Sad Panda. I tried changing my payment method and it removed my pledge :( I've re-pledged of course but I am really confused and hope I didn't manage to sign myself up twice. Funds came in early...Im now a $250 backer. Woot! Man I wish I could fork up another 1500 for the boxset but alas I can't do it. tic toc tic toc! Wish I could contribute more so I could be part of the dev boards.... The counter changed from days to hours! ALMOST TIME! Merry christmas everyone Super awesome to see that a person is taking a Boxed Set home! :D Im pretty stoked about this project and happy I backed it. Can't wait for the playtest. Santa's going to bring us a map. Woot!!! 36k$ reached. Next milestone? :) DING DING DING I's say maybe tomorrow :) So, waht's the next goal? :D From Josh Blick's post 3 days ago "Just need $1422 and 13 days left". At the time of writing, there are 10 days left and we need $532. Infinite X just gained $890 in 3 days O_o Decided to bump my pledge up to the next lvl. I really want that fancy map! Only $580 to go now. Also as to the prefab idea, I know if this system is half as awesome as it looks like it is going to be that I will have people wanting me to run it and I mostly use prefabs because of my work constraints and not really having time to do my own anymore unfortunately. So I would definately be in for buying prefabs, possibly even on a monthly subscription style like was mentioned. P.S. First time I have ever backed on kickstarter, never been a project that looked worth it to me before. Cant wait to see it Joshua. Just bumped up my pledge by $10 which I think is a good price for a fancy map. At this point, if every backer added just $1.30 to their pledge, we pass $36k for sure Just need $1422 and 13 days left. Just need about $100/day. Pass the word people! 15 days to go! Time to push it up :D My first pledge ever to kickstarter or other similar funding-sites. This sounds really cool. And as i'm a total map-addict, i really hope we reach the 36000$ . I posted something on my fb account, hopefully some of my rpg-friends will chip in ;) Looking forward to the game! Any idea when the pdf will go out to us pledgers? Or is the april delivery estimate for the pdf, and not the printed book? Well, I stumbled onto kickstarter somehow and this is the first thing I backed. Im not a very big tabletop player what-so-ever. Ive only played for a total of 10hrs. The games I played were D&D and Heroes Unlimited. With that being said I can say that Im very excited to try this game out. Ive been looking to get into some tabletop games (even purchased ~3kpts worth in WH40k from a friend). Ill be pushing some of my friends this to help reach that $36k goal! I do have a question. I live in Tacoma. Is there a way I can get into the playtesting? 18 days left... plenty of time to meet the $36000 goal. What's the goal after that? I'm have to agree with Josh on the "marginal" goal increase. Considering that the original goal was 13k, we've come a long way. I don't know what the Income Statement for Infinite X is going to look like, but I for one am in for the long haul. I'm definitely not a new player, but this is the first time in a long time that I've been interested in a system that wasn't 3.5 D&D. Josh, I hope that everything goes the way you're hoping. I'm looking forward to Quantum and everything else that we may see from Infinite X. I hope I'm not a worry wart here. Having seen the P20 project not get off its feet and the e20 System Evolved being more than a year in delay I'm hoping that we're not reaching for the stars. I trust Josh here, but Super Genius is an awesome company too. While their goal was higher and e20 a lot lower - are those factors that seem likely to help the overall health of the system? Is the system likely to be recognized well enough to pull in enough new and existing players? Is the system merely going to be a cannibalization of the industry or will it likely bring in new - non-PF/DD/M:tG type of players? I don't work at a game store - but one of things that I do see is that people that buy new games (and collect old ones) really aren't different. We'd still spend the money - it just makes a difference in the middle of which company makes a book and gets paid. Unless we're able to get total newbies into the hobby I worry about our future. Is the book going to be cool enough that I'll take it with me to the bar while I'm at an event? The SR4E 20Ann cover looks cool enough to attract a comment or two and has. What things are looked at when planning for the long term health of the company and its system? For the record, Butterfrog is a sweet selling point for art. That and I hope we make the next goal for the map. That reminds me - how can increasing your overhead with adding in a second book and potentially a map while only marginally increasing the need for backers? Thanks and I do hope my fears are unfounded. I'm up for a $5 sub for adventures. The logo is a bit off in my mind as well, I was unsure of the title until I read the title of the Kickstarter. Will we get an introductory adventure for play testing? I would like to have something that would run my players through all the aspects of the system so I could give the most complete feedback possible. Huzzah! Monday video? I want adventures. Also, I like the logo just fine. For the adventure subscription, I'm sure you could do both... Get a base of 100 people, but also make them for sale individually at a slightly higher price for everyone else. I agree with Kairam about the logo. I think it was a good logo to get the project started, but it does not hold up to the game's potential. Do not get me wrong. I understand all the thought that must have gone into it. I can see how the sphere is there and the electrons send the message that it is a sci-fi game while the castle and sword let you know that it is also a fantasy game. However, I think it is a little convoluted. I like the "Quantum" title that appears on the sphere schematics/map better. The writing looks elder and at the same time somewhat tech. Think about the possibility of changing the logo. Please improve the Quantum logo. It's a bit confusing and not appropriate to (not as good as) the ideas of the setting. I like the monthly adventure idea for $5. That ain't much for a short PDF adventure. Dominic, too bad a solid sphere can't do this. Even if it did, every point inside would essentially tumble, i.e. exert centripetal forces *horizontally*. People would fly around. So if "gravity" comes from spinning, you are right: you get lighter when going towards the poles. A monthly subscription is not for me as I don't expect to play Quantum that much. A shop were you can buy PDF/ePub adventures for 5$ (?) each would be great. I understand that this makes creating an adventure a risk, though. Maybe you can---after a successful lunch---create another kickstarter for an adventure package, delivered in the way that suits you best? I'd definitely be interested in an adventure subscription as you described it. How many backers would be interested in a monthly Quantum adventure subscription for around 5 dollars? Josh has said on the Infinite forums that he would need at least 100 subscribers to make it worth it. I know I would love to have a new adventure or two every month to just sit down and run. With work and family I pretty much only run published adventures now. Everyone who would be interested in the subscription make your voices heard either here or over on the Infinite forums. We have to let Josh know there are enough of us wanting it for him to push forward with the idea. Thanks! Theory that could most propably be invalidate by a specialist (or not so specialist), but that sound kind of logic in my own mind: In space, if you give a slow push on the dyson shell to make in turn on it's North-South axis, a light gravity will take place in the inside, but none on the North pole and the South pole. After, if you give a strong push on the East-West axis, the dyson shell will have two rotations axis and four poles. The gravity will be spread with more uniformity, except with a slight difference on the poles. Two of these "poles" (East-West) will not be fixed and will pass through the planet, causing two moving points of lower gravity and causing tides. To have 4 points of low gravity, you give another push on the dyson shell in another angle to have 3-axis rotation. With these 3 axis, it would be possible that 2 poles cross each others (or come near each other), causing higher tides. An picture is always more clear: <url>~5 euro for a basic set. So although there are a number of dice sizes, you only need 1 of each to start playing and all RPG hobby stores will sell the 7 dice sets - so it won't be difficult at all for people to pick up :) Looks great, looking forward to sifting through the hardcover! I am concerned about the number of different dice you'll need. Coming from a system that only uses d20 and d6 and knowing lots that use only d6, I think that a game that needs as many denominations as yours might be hard to play with beginners as they won't have all those dice and/or are not likely to buy a lot of dice before knowing the game. Note that D&D is not as ubiquitous in Germany as it is in the States, so I would not assume anybody to own all that dice even if they played RPG before. So let me make a proposal out of this concern: Can you add a "master table" that works with less sorts of dice, approximating the original stochastics? Maybe add special dice to your shipments as further overfunding rewards? I'l like to buy a normal print version of the game as well.. can you add an option for that please.. Extra beasst = extra juicy! Totally worth it. The BIG Boxed Set will have it printed in color ;) Is the 20 page pdf the only way to get monsters when the game comes out? Will there be monsters in the core book? I wish I could contribute more... but the times are what they are. I really wanted to show some kind of support for this since you guys are good/cool peoples that I dig. Let's not jinx it... but maybe at 50k, we'll see a full-on map of the world as a fold out poster in the book.... I kid, I kid. Or do I? Great idea, I'm in. Lets see 25k! less than 3k remaining! That's a good idea Bryan, and I thik not too difficult to execute :) If each backer can convince one person to contribute 20 dollars we'll have it no problem. Past 20k and counting...Double books rewards appear in the horizon! :) Wow! Almost up to 20K. :) I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the 25K goal. Hm, I'm interested in upping my pledge to $500 for the comp list. Does it really include all the other rewards, though? I know it says so, but the $320 level doesn't include Nation Design, saying it's sold out, so it's odd to me that other rewards would include it still. Currently, I'm signed up for the $250 Monster Design reward, and I'm mostly wondering if I'll lose that by increasing my pledge. Just thought I'd ask to clarify. From what I've seen of the (admittedly incredible) art, I agree that it is particularly striking in b&w. So I take the color thing back!!! Great update today, btw. Very interested in playing this system. I think I've been stuck in d20land for too long. if you pledged 200 and 25k would be reached would get 4 books? Ones of these days my color will be better than my B&W!!! :shakefist: Video update today! Re: Geoff Skinner While incentives beyond the $25k goal would be welcome, full colour art is not something I'd be interested in seeing in this project. Hugo is a great artist, but black and white is by far his strongest work. He has clearly already started to shape the look of quantum, and that look for me at least is black and white. So colour art isn't something I'd want. I'm inclined to agree with Geoff; no reason to stop at $25k. I'm talking to a few other backers who are interested in making a contribution (hopefully a big one), but they're waiting for the video from Josh on Monday to see how the game system works before they'll commit to anything. I'm hoping the video brings in a lot of backers who are on the fence waiting for more info. RE: Blake's update: You're not the only one who's giddy. The opportunities that you guys are providing to backers, to help contribute to the development, is huge. It's become a communal project. I've never been involved in something like this, and I'm very excited about it. I too am hitting the refresh button constantly to see how "our" project is coming along. Looking forward to hitting the $25k goal, and any other goal you guys can come up with beyond that. At this rate, you may want to start thinking about goals beyond 25k :). Color artwork perhaps? Congrats on the Pay Raise guys! Here's towards $25K! I only wish I could have got in on one of the design-a-country backer spots! Want to see more details on the Quantum Boxed Set? Check the IXS Quantum forumsin here: <url>