Race The Sun truly is a great racer that is already in its early phase a lot of fun and with extra development will only improve. - Indie Game Magazine "Race The Sun is quite pretty. Like you. Unlike you, its free demo version has 375k plays on Kongregate." - Rock, Paper, Shotgun "Good lord, the pace is maddening and I like it. Blinking is sometimes a luxury I cannot afford while playing." - Kongregate player Updates: 1: Linux & Live-stream (We announce Linux support) 2: Getting The Word Out (Lots of gaming sites wrote about RtS) 3: Dreaming and Scheming (We've got some ideas...) 4: Live-Streaming A Space Mod (Aaron shows off the mod tools) 5: Ramps and Much More (A tiny peak at the upcoming update) 6: SamCube!!! (We are gonna have an awesome poster!) 7: Linux Demo! (A Linux tech-demo is out) 8: Vote For Your Poster (Backers choose the poster design) 9: Major Changes (we have made a discovery) 10: Blowing Up (People are starting to take notice) 11: Poster À la carte & Live-stream (We take mod requests) 12: The Deadly Object (A new backer reward) 13: Live-Streaming The World Creator 14: New Stuff (Dancing stickmen etc) 15: Create an Object (Cats with lasers etc.) _____________________________________________________________ THE GAME You are a solar powered craft, racing against the sunset at breathtaking speed... ...navigating a procedural and infinite landscape that changes with each day... ...you collect boosts to go even faster and reverse time momentarily... ...while trying to survive as long as you can without running out of daylight or smashing into pieces. WHY KICKSTARTER? We have big dreams for Race the Sun. We envision a community of players who actually participate in creating the worlds they race in. To make this happen we have created something called the... SIMPLEX WORLD CREATOR The world creator will be included right in the game, allowing anyone to make unique new game modes (or modify existing ones) and share them in a special "user worlds" screen for all to see. Unique interactive objects can be created, styled, and animated right in the game - with no programming knowledge. These could be simple things like falling blocks, or more detailed things like a flock of birds - it's totally up to you! USER WORLD PORTALS Portals will appear during regular gameplay that transport you to far-off worlds that were created by our community of players! Everything that happens in these worlds will count as part of your game. CO-OP MULTIPLAYER You'll be able to team-up with other players in an asynchronous relay race. Here's how it will work: When your round ends, you'll be able to invite other players to pick up your "life force", where you died. This will create a sharable hyperlink that allows another player to pick up where you left off. When they die, they will be able to share a link, and so on, and so forth.... This process will continue until all of your team's life force is depleted, at which point your team's combined score will be posted to a special leader-board. We'd love to develop this feature and help foster a community of active players who compete together. Maybe people will even form clans! OTHER PLANNED FEATURES We plan to add at-least one additional game mode, as well as a deep player leveling system with tons of objectives and achievements. This system will also allow you to unlock ship customizations like faster turning, protective shield, and badges that you can apply to your ship. THE SOUNDTRACK Here is an early mix of a track called "2-Late". ...Oh, also You can control the game with your mobile phone! Try it out in the game's Web Demo (requires the free Brass Monkey app) WHO ARE WE? Aaron San Filippo brings 7 years of AAA game industry experience to Flippfly, having worked as a programmer and designer on titles such as Marvel:Ultimate Alliance, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Singularity, and Modern Warfare 3. His roles at Flippfly include engineering, game design, animation, general QA and production. Forest San Filippo brings 13 years of graphic design and business management experience to the team, focusing on the user's visual experience. His diverse portfolio of projects for web, print, and software has given him a unique perspective on how users perceive (and interact with) visual products. His roles at Flippfly include interface design, 3D modeling, sound design, and usability testing. Flippfly was founded with the goal of creating new experiences, with a focus on fun, creativity, and community. Our first shipped project was Monkey Drum, an educational music toy for iOS. Stretch Goals Video Intro Music: Ghostpocalypse by Kevin MacLeod Check out the trailer below, and back it here if you'd like to help bring it to life! <url>"roguelike" feel to it.&nbsp;It draws inspiration from classics like StarFox, our own RACE THE SUN, and modern games with roguelike elements and tactical choices such as FTL and Slay the Spire. We've assembled an awesome team of collaborators and we can't wait to share more. Please follow the project below to get notified on launch day - we'll have lots of early-bird rewards you won't want to miss! FOLLOW WHISKER SQUADRON NOW! <url>"Flippfly Votes" to backers. The idea was to give community members direct input in our development process. While the idea kind-of worked, it wasn't very sustainable for a number of reasons. This week we have launched a much better system along with something called the "Prototype Showdown". Here's a video that explains things: <url>“credits” level, with the names of our backers and other supporters. (we really want to make this cool - so we decided to take a little time and do it right) Special quotes from our backers (can't wait to get your awesome quotes in there) Death epitaph with the name of the object that killed you. (this again is something that we want to do right. There is a lot going on during that death sequence and we don't want to mess up the experience) Original soundtrack as a 4-song EP . (the songs are all done, but we really want to extend them out and master them for a better listening experience - and there may be a bonus track in the works) Flippfly Voting (the next round of voting will start up soon- we'll keep you posted) Desktop Wallpapers (Forest is putting these together today! Watch for them on your Flippfly Account page) We can't thank you enough for your patience and encouragement as we slipped our original launch date and changed up the plan. We have learned a lot about this whole process of self-publishing a game, and you folks have been awesome! Up Next Aside from the things mentioned above we are still very-much focused on Steam. Our Greenlight page is getting more and more attention - and we are making progress toward the top 100! (side-note: if/when we make it to Steam every backer gets a key!) We are putting together a roadmap for future updates to Race the Sun and should have that published later today. Thanks again for making this all possible! - Aaron and Forest (Flippfly) So everyone has most-likely gotten an email with the release date announcement, but we wanted to give you guys a little more info. (I'll present it in a list to keep from rambling - FS) Beta build 0.91is out and has: All 25 player upgrade levels, the new "Apocalypse" world, ship decals and lots of polish and bug fixes. Apocalypse is like the core "Race the Sun" world, but faster and more unpredictable. You can get the latest build here: flippfly.com/my-account and full release notes are here: flippfly.com/racethesun/releasenotes The World Creation contest has been extended to August 16th, Details here: flippfly.com/news/contest-extended We have an official release date on August 19th! On that date we will exit the beta stage and start the "make this game awesomer" stage ;) To celebrate the release announcement we made a little video of Apocalypse: <url>"on the list" so we want to be clear that the game will continue to grow and improve. The 1.0 release is really just one more stepping stone to take Race the Sun! - Aaron and Forest (Flippfly) Today is a big day! Today we released the latest beta (0.55) and we have decided to make it available to ALL of our backers and pre-purchasers. As our launch date draws near, it seemed right to get everyone the latest build. Thank you to our early purchasers and backers - you have been incredibly patient with us. We have been working hard to get the latest game ready for you, and you have waited long enough! Another big thank-you to everyone who invested in Beta Access! Your support and feedback have been absolutely vital and we won't forget it! The latest beta has all of the major features of Race the Sun including: - The Simplex World Creator - User-created world browsing and rating - Multiplayer relay (participation and sharing) - User world portals that transport you to different worlds! - Synchronized leader-boards that reset every 24hours (timer included) - Synchronized procedural worlds that reset with the leader-boards We have also added/improved these features: - Increased Player Ship levels to 10 (there will be 25 in the 1.0 release) - Added Emergency Teleport Portals that let you escape an otherwise deadly crash - Added a Battery attachment that lets you last longer in the shadows - Improved the ways shadows effect the player (stay in the light my friends ;) - Adjusted/added objectives for a smoother player level upgrade process One important note about your player level. it will be reset when you install this beta. Sorry for the inconvenience, but we made some major changes to the objectives and this needed to happen. Hopefully those who are familiar with the game can reach their previous level in a hurry, and may discover some cool new things along the way. We have an ongoing list of beta features, bugs, and updates here: <url>#: Closed Beta 0.## (Adds World-Creator) #: Closed Beta 0.## (Increases player-leveling/unlocks to 25 levels) #: Closed Beta 0.## (Release candidate. Includes "hard" mode, decals, credits mode, and portals) #: 1.0 Release (June) Thanks for coming along with us on this ride! Game development is complex and very hard to predict, but things are going really well. One thing to note is that we see Race the Sun as a dynamic growing thing and we plan to continually update and improve the game long after release. We are working really hard to get the relay mode ready for prime-time. The relay tech is all in-place, but of-course there are a hundred little cases where something could break if we don't plan correctly. Expect to see something next week! Also, there is a new update (0.37) for every backer and purchaser! If you haven't setup your Flippfly account , now would be a good time to do that and get the latest version :) - Aaron &amp; Forest Flippfly Account: flippfly.com/my-account E-mail: flippfly.com/contact Twitter Aaron: @AeornFlippout Twitter Forest: @ForestSanFilipp Greenlight: RtS Profile Page I (Forest) was just looking at the calendar and realized it's been way too long since the last update - sorry about that! We have been cranking away at the multiplayer feature and are almost ready to share it! Of-course, we have come up against some technical chalenges along the way. Sharing games cross-platform via hyperlinks is the best way make our relay system work, but hyperlinks act differently on different OS's, so it has forced us to get creative ;) Thankfully we've found solutions and have gotten through the roadblocks. We should have something for our beta-testers soon! We have also been thinking about about Steam. Not only is Steam one of the largest game portals out there, it is a great place for a community driven game like Race the Sun. We also know that many of you fine-folks are Steam users and we would love to give steam keys to everyone who has the game. Greenlight represents a pretty big chalenge, but we think (with your help) it's totally doable. Here's a post I wrote about our Greenlight expereinces so far: flippfly.com/news/buried-on-greenlight Thanks for all you've done! - Aaron &amp; Forest Good Wednesday! We have just finished an updated beta. This version fixes several bugs and adds the first implementation of high-scores! Our backend data systems are starting to get a workout and are working great so far :) Those who are part of our beta testing group can get the updated version through their Flippfly Accounts at: <url>…just so you know ;) - We are in the process of switching our forums around, so that's not the best place for discussion at the moment. The comments below would be a great place to report problems and bugs. We are incredibly pumped about this, and can't wait to get it into your hands. Please feel free to discuss your likes/dislikes - we covet your honest opinions. Thank you for all your support and kindness! - Aaron &amp; Forest Hi Everyone! It's a nice Spring Tuesday here in Wisconsin, and we're pumped to share what we have been working on. As we were putting together all of the tech for the leader-boards and multi-player, we realized that now was the time to make "one login to rule them all". Basically what we have built is a central "Flippfly Account" that will let you mange all of your purchases, e-mail prefs, and passwords in one place. You will also be able to access the download links to all of your past purchases. Here's what it looks like: It took a little (lot) of work to get this all up an running, but we really feel like it will make everything much easier for everyone. Another upside to us getting this done before release is that our backers with beta access will get to claim their screen-names before everyone else! We are on the verge of having the first beta version of the game ready, and we promise we will get very little sleep until it is done :) Thanks for being awesome! - Aaron &amp; Forest Good Friday! A quick update on the last couple of weeks... Aaron is working on the backend tech to allow players to login and submit their high-scores - lots of good progress there! This is also the same system that will make the portals and multi-player work, so we're pumped to see it coming together. Forest has been working on the primary game mode, which is also coming together nicely. If all goes according to plan we will getting the game out for the first round of closed beta testing within about 2 weeks! We also went to our first convention/show ever! Thanks to some helpful indie developers in Boston we were able to show the game, and even meet some Kickstarter backers at PAX East! We'll do a more detailed report of our experiences, but in summary: it was a blast. Also, we are almost ready to ship some rewards! We have the stickers and posters in-hand, and the patches should arrive soon. As soon as things are ready we are planning to get them shipped! Thanks for your support and continued interest. We'll talk with you soon! - Aaron &amp; Forest Side note: We should really have filmed this earlier in the day, we look very tired ;) Hi Friends! Over the last few days we invested serious time into organization and planning. We know that we will need to make every day count, so we wanted to craft a solid plan. Here is a brief overview of the Race the Sun roadmap: 1: Order Physical Rewards for Backers (This Week) 2: Polish Single-Player Mode 3: Ship Physical Rewards 4: Closed Beta #1 (Single-player with leveling) - Targeting very early April 5: Closed Beta #2 (Adds relay mode) 6: Closed Beta #3 (Adds World-Creator) 7: Closed Beta #4 (Release candidate. Includes Apocalypse Mode and Portals) 8: Release! (May) As you can see we intend to ship all of the physical rewards as soon as possible, and we will start the closed beta #1 as soon as it's ready to go. We will be sending out backer surveys tomorrow to ask for quotes, object names, etc. For those who have add-on items we are creating a special survey to get all the details - we will message you directly with a link You are part of the team, so to keep you in-the-loop we will be doing weekly development updates with photos, videos etc. Also feel free to contact us via: Kickstarter: Contact Form E-mail: flippfly.com/contact Twitter Aaron: @AeornFlippout Twitter Forest: @ForestSanFilipp Thanks for being awesome! - Aaron &amp; Forest Wow - what a ride! If you had asked us a week ago how our Kickstarter was going we would have said "well....Okay..." We could never have guessed what was about to happen. Our backers took to the internet, Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Everywhere and made something amazing happen: We can't thank all of you enough. Your pledges (pledge increases) and support have launched a dream. We are more confident and excited than ever about making truly interesting and unique games for you - our amazing friends. So: We apologize for not getting this thank-you out sooner, but we decided to take a little time with our patient families who have basically had to live without us for a month :) We also want to make special mention of Robert Bowling who went out of his way to mention and link to us even while he was launching a Kickstarter of his own. Please take a moment to checkout his campaign for The Adventures of Dash (Click Here) We also have to make special mention of SamCube. He was an early believer in Race the Sun, and beyond lending his amazing talent to our project, he took it upon himself to promote our Kickstarter at every turn. Make sure to buy things from this man: SamCube <url>À la carte option. See the bottom of the main page for details. Thing 3: You are amazing people! To be honest, there were times during this Kickstarter when things were looking bleak and we thought about giving up, but you have shown us that there is always hope! With just a few hours left we have reached the elusive 75% mark and are still climbing. If we can keep this energy going we can reach our goal! Whatever the future holds for our little company, we will always remember this incredible support we have received from our friends. - Aaron &amp; Forest Lots of crazy things are happing all at once, but I wanted to share a few: Thing 1 : We had a blast yesterday taking requests and making things with the World Creator. The power of this tool is even surprising us :) Checkout the latest creations here: <url>"backer" T-shirt for everyone at that level and above. Thanks again to SamCube for these sweet designs. Thing 3 : We will be adding a new exclusive tier this afternoon that will allow people to make their mark on the game in a new way (stay tuned). Also, does anybody have a specific reward they would like to see? We are totally open to ideas - so feel free to leave them in the comments below! We can't thank you all enough - let's make these last hours count and make this happen! - Aaron &amp; Forest Hello Friends! Just a super short update to let you know that we will be live on-air with the Simplex World Creator at 9:30AM (Central Time US) at this address: <url>#11) and will be taking requests live via chat. We will also be posting pics of what we are creating as we go on this Tumblr: thesunwins.tumblr.com This is gonna be fun! - Forest Hi Everyone! We just added a new backer reward called "THE DEADLY OBJECT". We thought it'd be cool to let our backers name one of the deadly objects in Race the Sun. The names you give will become part of each player's epitaph when they die by your object (see the video for how this'll all work). <url>À la carte option. If you would like to add that to your rewards just increase your pledge amount by $25 to cover the poster and add shipping: $0 (United States) $15 (Canada &amp; Europe) $25 (Elsewhere in the World) Live-Stream (UFOs, LaserBeams...) We also wanted to let you know that we've rescheduled the World Creator live-stream to tomorrow. Let us know in the comments below what you would like us to make! do you want to see UFOs, Laserbeams, more nuclear events? We will try to make them live in-front of the internet on: <url>"liking" us. Kickstarter stats are showing that social media has become our biggest avenue of support - you are making this happen! Thanks to Ben over at Penny-Arcade for the writeup (here's the link) and to all the other sites that have covered us. We have decided that a scrolling list of credits isn't good enough for our backers, so we are making a playable "credits mode" to say thank-you in a big way (you deserve it) Also, for anyone who pledges at $50 or above, we are going to mail them this sweet sticker that SamCube designed: This coming monday we will be live-streaming ourselves making stuff with the Simplex World Creator, and we want you to decide what we make! Got a crazy idea for an object in the game? Let us know in the comments below and we will try to make it on Monday. If you want to know what kind of things can be made checkout this Tumbr Post where Aaron shows how he made a flock of birds for the game. Aaron and I are so tired, but so happy right now. We finally get to show everyone what we've been working on for the last couple weeks. We have totally overhauled the Kickstarter video and page with new info - so if you have a minute, please watch the video (here) and share it with the whole internet :) The short version of the story is that Aaron has invented a way to give gamers unprecedented creative power in a 3D world. It's kind-of like a sandbox system, but with more power... (the video explains it better) . Using this new invention we basically recreated everything in the game from the ground up in 2 weeks - and it was so worth it. I really believe this invention could change gaming as we know it. The Poster Design is Finished!!! Since it was clear that poster sketch #2 was going to win by a landslide, SamCube went ahead and finished the it! You can see a small version of the final design near the bottom of the Kickstarter page. I am totally in awe of this work of art. We have been so blessed to have SamCube lend his amazing talent to this project. Thank you all for your support and encouragement! There is just a short time left in this Kickstarter campaign, but we believe that once people see what's happening here we can easily reach our goal. We want to let you know that we're more excited about this game than ever, but we need your help! We'd really appreciate it if you 'like' this update, and help us out by telling people about us and our campaign through your social networks . Together we can make this happen! We announced a while back that the talented SamCube would be creating our poster. He has gone-to-town on these awesome concept sketches - one of which he will turn into our final poster... and who better to decide which poster get's finished than our Kickstarter backers! Cast your vote in the comments below, and the winner will become our poster Sketch 1 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 2 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 3 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 4 (Click for Big Pic) Please vote only once, but feel free to make your case as to why your choice is best :) The sketches are arranged from left to right: 1,2,3,4. Good Monday! Just a quick update to let you know that we have a Linux tech-demo available on our website here: <url>….I can't stop staring at that album cover….. [O_O] This week has been a crazy one... and it's only Tuesday! (Happy Fat Tuesday BTW!) We are cranking away at a major update to the core of Race the Sun and doing our best to keep everybody updated. Here is a cool gameplay video that shows some of the fun in the current alpha: <url>Álex Hernández-Puertas - sorry :\ Unfortunately we won't be giving out free WiiU keys ;-) (FYI: Given limited supply it's not even an option) Hey Ben, Your key should be available in your Flippfly Account. If you need to login and don't know / remember your password, you can go here: <url>"Forgot Password". Then enter the email you use for Kickstarter and hit "Send Password Info". That should send you an email with a link to login. If you can't login or have any other trouble feel free to create a ticket here: <url>"Forgot Password" and enter the same email that you use for your Kickstrarter account. That should resend the registration e-mail and let you setup the account. If you (or anybody really) has any trouble please feel free to contact us. We will do whatever it takes to get things working for you. Wow finallyanime - sounds like you had a busy night - thank you!!! And thanks to the guys over at Pixelscopic for the comment last night - and thanks to all of you amazing backers!!! Oh yeah, I almost forgot we've got a Greenlight page: <url>~Check it! I hate to be That Guy, but you guys said you were releasing in June, for definite. It is now July, and you haven't really done an update since 0.40, so... What exactly is going on? Whats the hold up? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Ideas and brainstorming! - New POWER: Sand clock. What does: it stops the sun from going down for about 30 seconds. - New POWER: Brake. It give you the change to slow down the ship for 3-4 seconds, so you can avoid crashing with objects. - New Score idea: Grabbing another item power that you already had (like another jump) it gives you 3 Tris score (so you will keep on item hunting taking risking maneuvers) - New Score idea: Red Tris. They are pretty hidden in the most dangerous places and are equal to 5 Tris. Rare item. - New MODE: Practice mode. Easy select a few already discovered "traps" like tunnels and made infinite stages with just those items, so you can master them. Just played the beta, great work guys! me too man :) Btw, in the game there should be like a "near-miss" meter when you fill it, you get like a bonus or something and like perhaps some sort of speedometer/sun dial so you can tell a little better how the "day" is going. Oh man, I'm so glad it got funded, this is the one game that deserves it the most, great (re)work Flippfly and thanks everyone pledging! :-D Everyone!!! UPVOTE Greenlight Reddit Page! <url>"ohh, wow, they made it, i remember that pic on kickstarter/online." TL;DR: Please use the same illustrated image at least for the primary thumbnail. Dang! I try again: Congratulations to everybody (specially to Aaron and Forest)! I've written a brief article on GamingOnLinux about the success: <url>~mya YES! Such a happy thing to wake up to. Congrats Flippfly! It is done :) Ah almost 21.5 k :D 12$ More :D Yet another campaign saved at the very last hour. Yet another proof that it is worth not giving up until it is really over. :) Can't wait to see how far Race the Sun will go. ^^ YES! You guys made it! Oh man I'm so happy for you guys and I can't wait to see this game develop into one of my most favorite games ever! Just remember: OUYA and Race the Sun would go perfectly together! Yayyyyyyyy Proud to be a backer - this game looks hypnotic and beautiful Aww yiss! Glad to see everything worked out :) Congratulations Devs :) OH HELL YEAH.... (just got back from work in time it seems) Congratulations guys! Awesome! I agree to Josh Burkhead... an OUYA port would be so nice. ;) YES!! I can't wait to play it in the future. If there's any possible way to port this game to OUYA I'd be so grateful. Good luck in the future and I'm so glad to be supporting this awesome project. Yaaaaaay you made it! =) Yesss ! Congratulations, you really deserve it ! \o/ Wooo! Congrats! :D "Doing the happy dance" Down the the wire, guys. But it happened. Good luck with the rest of development. Congrats! Congratulations! Yeah let's go above 21k or even 22k to have a nice cushion. I meant to say, to Flippfly, that more rewards for people giving $20-$25 would help... Yay !!! \o/ Okay, a few more dollars and everyone will be set. more $20/$25 dollars levels would help a bit. Remember sometimes a few odd backings fail with the credit card transactions. Everyone should bear this in mind while getting a few more dollars in. I am now much poorer than I would be yesterday lol *not impressive.... daft no edit feature what a run up at the end ;) Oh My God! And not in that crappy way, when something really is that impressive. Well done, this is a great comeback! Congratulations! Congrats!! There. 20k! *cheers* And then it happened... WOHOO! It's funded! @Flippfly I agree w/Luke. If there's a next time, decrease the "goal" by 5-10%, and also have your "primary" reward be at $15. That way it only takes half as many. Most kickstarter backers are used to the $15 price point anyways, so it's nothing surprising. It's half as many backers needed too. But though you KNOW I adore this game with all the effort I and the rest of the backers put in, I thought incentives could have been either different or switched around a bit. If you wanna know what I think, just message me, but other than that... It looks like we're here!!! *Drake voice* started from the bottom now we here! $150 to go :) updated my pledge for the 2nd time. I think we will make it in the next minutes! Thank god :D ported* im in! :D Supported! Wish you GL! Good luck! I just backed. Just a though for the future: you might want to think if there's more random stuff you can give to slightly higher tier backers. Maybe something like some ship skins for $15-20 backers, as I wasn't too interested in the soundtrack I only put $10 down and would need a slightly different incentive to do more. Anyway numbers are going up pretty quick as I type this so hopefully you'll hit $20k regardless. I think we're gonna make it! Keep sharing! Twitter & such. Tell your friends on steam too! This looks pretty good :) I just hope one day this will be portet to iOS, even though we'll not reach the Stretch Goal ^^ So happy to see this beinh funded :D YEAH! 1k! Woo! So 2 hours after my last comment, the gap has been halved, looking promising! Oh wow only 1.5k! Looks promising! Just bumped mine up to $30 from $15. What 4-5 hours? Lol I have a good feeling :) Just backed the projet and tweet about it. Hope you'll make it guys! It sounds pretty cool! $2k to go in the next 6 hours, just another 100 backers or everyone bumping their pledge up by a measly $2+change, hoping they make it Still optimistic, the haters underestimate the mod tools, this game has so much potential, best of luck. I'd say, take out a 1k loan lol or get a "mystery backer" aka an alt account and do that. At least raise it to 18.5k artificially lolll You actually did the cat with lasers :D As I said! People LOVE cats with lasers ^^ Upgraded my pledge too, 2.5k left! :D upgraded gl hf I added another $10, also from Death, Inc. as a failed project. If 1/2 of us all give an extra 10 they will have this. I vote the devs take out a 3k loan in the next 8 hours and keep it just in case =P. Upped my pledge for this... I had the extra funds due to Death Inc... T.T C'mon, just that little bit more to go! ~mya I've unfortunately given all I can, 30 bucks. I really hope this hits its mark. Will you guys consider IndieGogo after this so you can at least get part of the money? @Kyle @Xihui I agree with Kyle. They're both indie game devs building what they love. Why the hate? @Xihui That is hardly fair, especially since there is only one game that fits that description. I myself can't say I have played it, but, Planescape: Torment is widely considered to be a masterpiece and the names behind the project are definitely no slouches. I do wish they had more to give us in terms of gameplay video, there wasn't even much Wasteland 2 footage, and I most definitely agree that it would be sad if we can't make it to 20k, though I honestly think we'll make it to spare. Just found by kicktraq and backed. Looks pretty cool, hope this makes it, looks like it will. If most of those remaining hours were in the morning EST, we would definitely make it. Someone should post on the Torment ks. 1.5m in less than a day. Maybe get some sent over here lol WOW! Almost @ 17k already!? That was like 1k in 1 or 2 hours it feels like. Man I want this to succeed SOO hard lol Reddit Indie Gamer page showing a little love! SHAREEEEEEEEE LOL, no...but seriously though. you should share this or whatever you can :) <url>"Hunted: the demon's foge" which was also by betheseda...but it fell flat even though i was amped for it...but i looked at the video and i didn't really see anything :/ "This ones gonna be close..." doubled my pledge :) It is sad to see games on kickstarter talking all about their bullcrap story and no game play to reach a million dollars within hours and yet indie games like these struggle to reach 20 grand. Backed and shared, hope it reaches the goal, 12 more hours! I've doubled my pledge. Its going to take a BIG jump to raise another $4k, some chance. May up my pledge again but it was not in my budget. I The linux move was a good one, just wish it was declared from the start. *guy from waterboy* YOU CAN DO IT!!!! Keep it going!!! Must keep sharing Well - upped my pledge to 50 - hope others follow suit I just saw one of my friends post about this project on Facebook, so I thought I'd back you guys :-) I admire you quitting your jobs to work on something you truly love to do and believe in! Good luck! Just doubled my pledge from $8 to $16. Let's goooooooooooooooo!!! I probably shouldn't be spending more money, but I REALLY want this to succeed, upped my pledge to BETA TESTER. Keep up the awesome work guys! lets all say it together. "yes we can, yes we can" :) I'd say also for the rewards, add: 1. early forum access for $15 dollar pledges ( if you'll do forums) 2. Kickstarter pledges of maybe $20 get a "new alternate ship design" (in addition to the first one) that will be released maybe a month or two after initial release 3. Added to either $15 or $20 or whichever: backers credit in the game!!! People LOVE being recognized! I think it'd be great to add these quick & make an informal update! Stretch goal idea or future development idea: competitive multiplayer - head to head racing in the same game this is going to be a real race to the goal :) 17h and 5.2k left To fund this pledge: adding $8 to original pledge would truly help! We can do it guys!!! I just got on board. I'd love to see this run on my linux box. Every backer increase the pledge by 8 dollars, and it's funded... (I just increased mine from 30 to 150).... Why is this not funded? I I fund this and Project Awaken one failed I wont let this one. Feel free to share this video guys in addition to the other stuff: <url>"meetme" (LOT OF PEOPLE) and put the game up, PERSONALLY face booked all my friends, gonna make a vid, & gonna message all my steam friends individually in a bit. KEEP DA HOPE ALIVE!!!! Oh also reddited it too I'm gonna try to make a YouTube vid tonight about RtS, time is of the essence! Man I really want this game!!!!! with this spike in pledges of late there might just be a chance of this reaching its goal :) also i love the new stuff you added to the game like the big windmill Oh! Well I had school so as long as I can catch what I can now or tune in to what i missed, ill be cool You never said the date for the live stream unless it was today...and if it was can you put it up on YouTube as soon as you can so we can share? P.S. I have confidence it'll make it I can't stand seeing this not get the backing it deserves, so even though I paid for the Alpha demo and its subsequent updates, I'm backing this here as well. DAMN, this game needs way more backers, this looks so amazing :D I really hope this gets funded! I just pledged after seeing the new video and the cool "updated" thumbnail. It really draws you in more than the last one did. With only a few days left, I sincerely hope this game gets funded! Thinks this looks great, I'm backing! This is how a kickstarter for a game should be done: With a playable demo! Got me to donate. Hope this gets funded! So I hadn't seen the new video you guys put up until now, and it actually got me really interested in the game. The previous video I saw was pretty lackluster and didn't really convince me there was much of a game here, but holy crap, great job on some of those level designs. Keep juicing it and I can't wait to play a final version. :) Very cool guys. Good luck! I agree with a few others about the color. It needs just a bit more in some areas. Also, I wonder if the design of the ship needs just a little bit more. Nothing photo realistic, just something a bit more slick, with some extra particle effects on the engines. Can't say much more, as it looks fantastic, guys. Good luck, here's hoping a miracle happens and you get backed i do have a few other ideas. lets assume there is a very simple reason besides just powering your vehicle with the sun. you arent simply running towards something but away from something. with that in mind you could give the game a simple back story that could lead to greater gameplay variety. for example what if you are running away from some people that wish to capture you or worse because you stole some important research or artifact. so with this simple background story you can then add enemy chasers that try to either slow you down with tracker beams to capture you. which then escalates to trying to ram you into objects to destroy you. when these chasers cant accomplish the job the unknown pursuers send battle ships that fire gravity spikes at your ship. these spikes would have a pulsing green ring near the top to indicate their gravitational range so that you can avoid them. Put in my "2 cents" ($8) due to official Linux support. The browser demo kept me entertained all night, so I can't wait for a chance to play this on a big TV. Please keep looking into getting this on the OUYA. Trying to throw more support your way, and fingers crossed for a major push in the next 4 days. just noticed that i kinda repeated what was shown in new vid. sorry about that there isnt an edit button. also have you thought about going for a warmer color pallet instead of the graycale like theme because the gray might also be putting some people off, although not me. simply changing the color of the ground, kinda like in poster sketch #2, may make it more appealing. just a thought i think an aspect you arent really using is the shadows. the clouds casting shadows was a neat idea but when you are playing you arent looking up into the sky for clouds you are looking forward and the shadows of the clouds arent visible untill they are on you. atleast from my experience with the alpha version. so what i propose is that the large objects that cast large shadows have that same effect of causing yo to slow down and for the sun to fall faster but have those large objects have simple animation patterns that you can learn so that you can stay in the light while avoiding the shadows. the shadows become a type of environmental enemy. for example a giant gear that travels across the environment horizontally on its pegs and you have to travel horizontally with the gear to stay in the light path and then pass through the pegs to get past it or something. i got other ideas but they might be alittle hard to implement. I noticed that there's less than a week to go, and I was horrified when I saw that you guys didn't get the goal yet! I'm spreading information about this kickstarter where I can. I know that if you guys put it on OUYA, you'll get plenty more supporters. Some ideas for co-op multy play (taking inspiration in Journey): - The portals are not just for entering, they could jump ship into your play while you are playing! - You flight with a partner for awhile - You can flight in formation to get multipliers and special achievements - You need to keep the formation as much as you can. - Formations could be: One ship up, the other above, Or wing agains wing Also, maybe adding rolls (if there are not yet) could be just fun! Note: It's just an idea, don't know if that's possible or not, just sharing it! Fly on! You should really see if you can do a Linux release. Kickstarter games that support Linux can get some good coverage on many of the Linux news sites. i really like the alpha but im alittle worried about this not making its goal in time This game looks really cool! I would love to see an OUYA version I think OUYA is a must for this and, as a logical extension, Android. Love the visual styling. I have zero interest in ouya. I was an early bird backer that dropped out after two weeks. I usually get a little bothered when backers ask for a game that is obviously too much to run on ouya to be ported to the ouya. However, even I can agree that this is exactly the type of game that would probably be perfect to have an ouya release. THIS is just the kind of game I dreamed for when I pledged for the OUYA, last year: -Simple (but challanging) gameplay -Highly addictive gameplay and -Beautifuly polished minimalist design You should definitly make an OUYA version! Regarding Tylers advice; you might wanna try the Minecraft model. Which means selling access to the beta, with continued development and rolling updates. My advice: If you have a fun game you can ship now without all the extra dimensions, do it. Get revenue started. make an iPad version (seems natural). Use revenue from those sales to fund the extras you're asking for here. That said, I backed this and hope you succeed in getting your funding. cool game idea Looks great guys, good luck! Just backed, looks great. Viewpoint reminds me a little of Space Harrier. I know it isn't in keeping with the game, but any chance of a pew pew pew mode ? :D