New Update! (5-29-12): WE DID IT! At exactly 12:21 AM this morning, RAiN received enough donations to account for our entire production costs, RAiN is now a reality. All of us here cannot state our gratitude enough, THANK YOU! We look forward to working tirelessly over the coming months to make RAiN a game that goes beyond its concepts and exceeds all of your expectations. We have a very special treat for everyone today! We want to welcome Alexander of Studio Lexi to our family here at Gentlemen Studios. Alexander will be composing a portion of the game's soundtrack, capturing the essence of RAiN to build polished immersion.Though the musical tracks are still in development, we would love to share with you a song inspired by the eternal bond shared by Edward and Elizabeth. Click here to listen! From the bottom of all of our hearts, Gentlemen Studios would like to thank you all again for your endless support over this last month. A website will be live within three weeks time and we'll be sure to post an update the moment it is up! Until then, our current stretch goal is $10,000. With these additional funds secured, we will be able to expand to Mac OS and have RAiN available in the app store! We have additional updates planned throughout the week and look forward to sharing them with you all! As a friendly reminder, only backers will be able to experience the first beta release! After our backers have gotten a chance to give us some feedback, we will be releasing a public beta for everyone to enjoy! You only have until the conclusion of this Kickstarter to reserve your beta access! Do so by donating for the $5 reward or above. RAiN marks the exciting rebirth of 32-bit action rpgs, re-imagined as a player centered experience! Take control as you develop each of the three playable character's personalities and behavior! Everything a character says and does changes they way they act and the pacing, direction, and message of the storyline. Additionally, players will have to utilize quick, on-the-fly thinking and lightning fast reflexes to master the monstrous inhabitants of Ara. Switch between characters and utilize their strengths to overcome complex and ever-changing enemy attack patterns in fast paced, real-time action combat! Click here to check out a Gameplay Video! Some features include: Engaging storyline spanning 40+ hours of gameplay, with an additional 30+ hours of optional content expanding upon the lore and depth of the world. Additional content is extremely challenging, and extremely rewarding! Twenty (and growing) endings! As well as a new game + mode (and ++, and +++). Which ending you unlock is determined both by your interactions with the storyline as well as the way you shape your characters through their psychological development. Psychological development unlocks new passive abilities as well as physical/psychic skills. Depending on which build you create for your character, their disposition and behavior will change! This alters the way you experience the storyline, the enemies you fight, and the gear that becomes available to you. Solve difficult puzzles that require knowledge of the world, reflexes, and creativity. Utilize an expansive inventory of tools to forge your own way through the dungeons and hills of Ara. Seek out and learn the hidden language of the Hydra, allowing you to speak and decipher hidden content and additional story elements. Forge powerful weapons, armors and abilities through a crafting system that rewards creative hunting and gathering. Harvest materials from the game's landscape and create useful potions, trinkets, and other consumables. A unique equipment slot called "Memento", allows heroes to equip sentimental objects found throughout the storyline and optional areas. Mementos grant a character unique, immensely powerful psychic or physical abilities. A compelling soundtrack identifies each playable character with a unique instrument and theme, from guitar to violin and piano! Beautiful, stylized artwork from Nobody Studios! Three thousand years ago, the world of Ara was plagued by a great hundred year rainfall. As the flood grew more devastating, the great nations of Ara fell into chaos. War raged across the entire planet as its inhabitants fought for power and survival. The eldest race on the planet, Celestians, were stricken with an incurable illness, one that propelled the infected from insomnia to madness and death. Though this disease granted them powerful psychic abilities, their frail forms eventually deteriorated, destroying most of the Celestian people. Ara's flame of life was near extinguished as water almost completely engulfed the planet Hope was not lost... Few survivors witnessed the steady rejuvenation of Ara through the passing generations. In this ravaged world recovering from catastrophe... Full of bitterness and bigotry, cruelty and conflict... You must struggle for survival, as the rain begins to fall again. Click here to check out our interview with Piki Geek! Your contribution to our project will allow it to become a reality. Without you, the backers, we cannot fully express the depth of our creative image. Your donation will fund a comprehensive art partnership, allowing us to further push the game's graphics and presentation. This ensures that we have the resources to create lush hand-painted environments, emotionally compelling character artwork and detailed objects to interact with. You will also be helping us produce the complex and gripping soundtrack, an element of the game that is essential to the fulfillment of our creative vision and storyline expression. Additionally, we need funds for bandwidth to both distribute and patch our game, as we will be providing support and updates well after release. Finally, the sound effect production will provide crisp and powerful additional immersion to the game's environment and combat. Being funded by gamers, not shareholders, gives us a permanent responsibility to YOU! As a sign of our commitment, we will include no DLC and no DRM in our software or subsequent future projects. Gentlemen Studios is a small, tight knit and highly cohesive group of people that have worked together on various creative projects. We believe that games should be made by gamers, for gamers. We have been gaming for well over twenty years, and are both inspired and encouraged by our years working and playing in this industry. Joseph Charles Nix – Lead programmer and developer. Selina Oliver - Assistant developer. Nobody Studios (Kirk and Amanda Nix) – Lead artists, character design, monster design, the works. Wesley Birch – Web/graphic designer and sound engineer. Adam Scott Borchert - Sound effect production. Derek Diaz – Media/promotional materials production. Alexander Panama (Studio Lexi) - Original Soundtrack production. We are completely finished with the storyline development and dialog. Programming is about 50% complete and we are on time for a 2Q 2013 release. Graphics, art, music, and sound effects have begun, but need additional funding before they can be completed. A playable beta is in the works and will be released to certain backers in the coming months. After this beta phase, we will release another playable demo that will be freely distributed to everyone. We want gamers to be in control of the content they purchase with their hard earned money, that is why we are letting you play it before you buy it! The game will be sold for $10 USD, with a special edition that includes an art book, guide, digital soundtrack, and more for $20 USD. As mentioned earlier, the game will be DRM free and not require any additional software to run. RAiN's availability on platforms like Steam and XBOX Live will be assessed sometime shortly after release. We are currently certain of a Windows release, with Linux and Mac releases considered after release, depending on fund availability. All backers who give $150 or more get a RAiN shirt! We hope you are as excited about this project as we are! Now that you've seen the tip of the iceberg, check back daily to see the constant updates! Reminder: Though the game's engine is complete, the graphical presentation of the game is currently in alpha stage. Hey everyone if you have yet to receive a refund, please message me and I will resolve the issue quickly! Thank you! Hey everyone just dropping you a quick line to let you know that paypal funds are being sent out as I type this. If after 2/21 you still have not received your paypal refund please message me! Furthermore, if you would like to request a paypal refund instead of a check or amazon account refund, please message me right away! Checks are lagging a bit because I had to switch banks, but I will keep you updated on their expected delivery date. Thank you all! ~Joseph Hey ya'll! Just posting a quick update to let you know that, although I had run into some banking delays, I will be sending out the PayPal refunds within 72 hours and the checks within 4-5 days. These are the latest estimates and things will probably move faster than that! Thank you for your continued patience, ~Joseph Hey everyone! I know that all of you have been waiting quite some time for the next update or any word at all from me, and many have grown frustrated and confused and rightfully so. Leaving everyone in the dark and going on a hiatus for months was not something that I had purposefully set out to do, and I know that you all deserve much more than that. Though it is extremely difficult for me to explain what has occurred over these last few months, I agree with every comment that has been made over the last few months; being honest and open is the best way forward. The reason for my temporary hold on the project is because of three extenuating contributing circumstances. First and foremost, I unfortunately had a death in the family. This loss of this person has affected me and changed me in ways I never thought possible. For a long time, getting even daily tasks done was excruciatingly difficult. Though I have grieved, I honestly feel like no reason is good enough to let down the people that put faith in my dreams. I am truly sorry that I failed to speak up sooner about the reasons for my absence. I am also going through a divorce which began in late November. Sparing a lot of personal details, it was an unfortunate event that required a lot of time, resources, energy and eventually I reached a point where my living situation was unsafe. Through everything I have had to rearrange my life so that I could become productive again, and have the time, utilities and space required to work on RAiN. Finally, as a result of the challenges I have faced over the last few months, I have been placed in extreme economic hardship. To meet this challenge I have had to spend a lot of time and energy accumulating resources so that I can have the tools necessary for working on the project and maintaining a healthy life. As it stands, RAiN is now being actively developed again after a hiatus of a few months. Though things have begun to calm down, I am still not in a position to give updates in a frequent and regular time frame. I have not abandoned any of you completely, and I have not given up on fulfilling my promises. I have no right to ask anything of you all, for you have already demonstrated extreme patience and understanding. RAiN is getting there, though slower than it was at first, and I look forward to bringing in some new updates in the near future. If you have any more questions or concerns please respond to this post, and I will do my best to get back to you. From the bottom of my heart I am sorry, and I hope that you will forgive me for not updating or responding to you in the way you deserve. Hello everyone! Hot off the desk of Nobody Studios comes two brand new character concepts for Leo and Lilly! They have been hard at work developing media for our upcoming title, RAiN., and we look forward to providing you with updates as they become available. All concept art will be included in the RAiN. art book featured on this Kickstarter project. Just a reminder, all updates will now be provided through Kickstarter, and I will be closing the blog. Thank you for all your wonderful feedback! The following is an important update that was previously available on the blog: Today I would like to begin by thanking everyone who made the Kickstarter funding for our project a success. Without the help of dedicated gamers like yourselves, this game would not be in production. Help, however, is a two way street and on my end I have been somewhat neglectful in communicating with you all. You guys and gals deserve more than an apology, you deserve open and honest communication about the game you helped to fund; that is why I will be providing weekly updates via Kickstarter. If you find this rather spammy, please unsubscribe from email notifications! Here you will be able to read weekly updates from staff as we move closer to the official beta release. More importantly, you'll be able to interact with us and offer your feedback and suggestions on various aspects of the game's development. Every comment, suggestion and criticism will not only be read, but taken seriously and with respect. For this week, I am going to share with everyone my Kickstarter experience, the platform's strengths and limitations, and in what way it has affected our immediate and long term goals. Additionally, I want to clarify a few misconceptions about development and shed some light into the overall process behind creating a game of this magnitude. We chose Kickstarter because of its security features and it's ability to generate interest in projects seeking funding. On both accounts, the platform proved to be more than successful. There were, however, a few surprises and road bumps that were encountered along the way: -After a project completes, the project creator is barred from making any edits and alterations to the front page of their Kickstarter. Because of this, I have been unable to make key edits that would have helped clarify the post-success confusion. These changes were mostly reflected in our staff structure as Derek Diaz, Wesley Birch and Alexander Panama of Studio Lexi have been unfortunately withdrawn from the project's staff. All further references to the project's staff list will reflect this change. -Once a single person has claimed a reward, it is impossible to change the expected reward date. Shortly after RAiN.'s Kickstarter began, it became clear that it would require additional time to both fulfill rewards and release the game. Though a key edit was made about the release time of the game, I was unable to edit any of the reward expected dates. This security feature of Kickstarter is understandable, but I was not expecting it when editing and learning the platform. I want everyone to know that all rewards will be fulfilled to the best of my ability, in the fastest way possible. At the moment, I do not have an exact expected date for delivery of backer rewards... but I can safely say they will all probably be sent no later than Mid-September, 2013, and will most likely coincide with the release of the game. I realize that you are all excited and eager to get your hands on your rewards and I look forward to meeting your expectations. The beta is being worked on relentlessly, and I can't wait for the coming discussions and blog updates about it in the coming weeks. -Only when a project is successfully funded are funds taken from backer's accounts, many of which failed to authenticate a payment. Even though the project's Kickstarter page reports funding at the $8,097 level, not all of that was received. Working through this has been quite a difficult task for me, but I was able to ensure the most important aspects of the game were funded for development. Much of the initial delay in information was due to this disconnect between perceived funding and actual funding. I promise all of you better, more open communication and a chance to really impact the game's development. I encourage you to make your voice heard! Feel free to post comments or send messages through Kickstarter, I assure you they will all be read and responded to! We are a small team of people with little experience in projects of this size. With this in mind, I ask you all to exercise patience and understanding. We may get there a little delayed, but we will get there... and it will be glorious. Hey everyone! Having read through all of your comments and concerns, I have decided to move the project updates back to Kickstarter! I tried to move the updates off-site because I felt like, with amount of updates I would be issuing out, your emails would be getting flooded with notifications. I based this decision off of previous backer feedback, and thought it was the right way to let you all know what is happening on a regular basis, I was mistaken. In regards to Studio Lexi being dismissed from the team, this was a hard decision and was not made via the blog. Being new to the Kickstarter platform, I felt like all of the help being offered was help we needed, and I made an error in judgement regarding their involvement. I have and will again deeply apologize to Studio Lexi for my lack of foresight. I know that their amazing talent can and will be witnessed through other projects, and I encourage you to seek them out! Additionally, I understand that some of you have concerns and there are plenty of valid reasons why. Sometimes, deadlines can't be met with a studio this small and my lack of formal experience in business communication does not help matters. I am focused on delivering a game, first and foremost, and realize that this is not enough... I must communicate the project's development with you all. To do this, I will be posting weekly updates via Kickstarter, including screenshots and videos, as well as asking for you to weigh in on a few of the elements of RAiN! With time, I am confident that we can both make RAiN the game you envision it to be. Thank you very much for your continued enthusiasm and criticism, you have not been ignored. ~Joseph Hello everyone! Just shooting all of our backers a notice that updates will no longer be posted on this Kickstarter. We will be providing updates on the game's progression and critical information over at our new development blog! Click here to check out the new development blog! We realize many of you may have questions or concerns about the project, and I have tried to respond to them in the first post! Please use it as a means to communicate directly with the dev team now and in the future. Thank you all! ~Gentlemen-Studios Hey everyone! After some delay having funds disbursed to the proper sources, we are happy to finally provide everyone with an update! We have been hard at work bringing everyone the first phase of the beta test, which all of you will have access to by the end of August. This initial phase of testing will include a few hours of gameplay, with the goal of identifying bugs and tuning combat balance. Our site domain has been registered and its pages are in the process of being created and tested! We will have the site live before the beginning of the beta, including with it a way for you to communicate feedback directly to the game developers. Also, a few additional features have been added to the game's concept. Most notable and concrete among these is the addition of voice acting for the game's endings and (possibly) comic/manga style cut-scenes. As we move forward, we promise to be more communicative on the beta's progress and look forward to sharing sprites, animations, maps and more with everyone in the coming weeks. We will also be contacting backers with general delivery estimates and details about rewards! Thank you again for all your continued support, we are here and listening! Feel free to comment with any questions you may have at this point! WOW! Thanks to the amazing support of all of you guys (and gals!), RAiN is being developed with enough production value to make it something truly special. We are extremely grateful to everyone who has contributed to the success of our project, both financially and emotionally, and look forward to bringing you all a playable beta of RAiN! So many of you are probably thinking... what's next? Well for starters, while we wait for the funds to fully clear, we are finally hiring on a little of the help we have been scouting out over the last few months and bringing them up to speed. Additionally, an official website is in the works and will be hosted the moment funds arrive! We will also adding a paypal donation button for those that would like to continue backing our project (all rewards still stand)! Remember, if we raise an additional $2,000, we will be able to expand to the Mac/iOS platform. We will be sure to keep everyone updated through every step of RAiN's development, adding music and graphics periodically. Finally we would love to thank Robert DellaFave, creator of Hiro Fodder for his never ending support and fundraising partnership. With his help, we were able to secure the funds needed to push ourselves to the top of the popularity list during our pivotal final week. We encourage all of you to seriously consider donating to his project! Even a single dollar helps to boost his projects odds of being created, pay it forward! More information about rewards and when they will be sent out will be coming in the next few weeks. Thank you all! ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios WE DID IT! At exactly 12:21 AM this morning, RAiN received enough donations to account for our entire production costs, RAiN is now a reality. All of us here cannot state our gratitude enough, THANK YOU! We look forward to working tirelessly over the coming months to make RAiN a game that goes beyond its concepts and exceeds all of your expections. On a personal level, I want to thank everyone for supporting independent game development. We are at a crossroads in the industry, torn between games made for shareholders and games made for gamers. Each and every single one of you has helped push back the notion that a studio must have millions to make a game and, in the end, this is what I believe will make gaming even better. We have a very special treat for everyone today! We want to welcome Alexander of Studio Lexi to our family here at Gentlemen Studios. Alexander will be composing a portion of the game's soundtrack, capturing the essence of RAiN to build polished immersion. Though the musical tracks are still in development, we would love to share with you a song inspired by the eternal bond shared by Edward and Elizabeth. Click here to listen! From the bottom of all of our hearts, Gentlemen Studios would like to thank you all again for your endless support over this last month. A website will be live within three weeks time and we'll be sure to post an update the moment it is up! Until then, our current stretch goal is $10,000. With these additional funds secured, we will be able to expand to Mac OS and have RAiN available in the app store! We have additional updates planned throughout the week and look forward to sharing them with you all! ~The Entire RAiN Development Team Gentlemen Studios We cannot believe the overwhelming support we have gathered in the last few days, this is truly remarkable! Thanks to all of you, RAiN is on the verge of being fully funded and brought to life for all of you to enjoy. This has been quite an emotional last couple of days for us... this is a childhood dream being fulfilled right before our eyes! With all of our hearts, we thank you! Speaking of emotion... today's story tidbit comes from letters the player finds throughout a certain area. Reading different letters with different characters will influence your character's disposition throughout RAiN's storyline. Story Tidbit My gentle love, Those pompous elites and propagandists parade around town every day now, claiming the war effort a success... I hate them. They have taken the only person in this world that I have ever loved, the one that taught me how to love, and forced him to act as a brute. If this is how our people measure success... I do not wish to be Lacertian! I would forsake all of the comfort and security the empire could muster just to hold your face in my hands once more. All is not well my love... I find it increasing harder to mask my frustrations during inspection and I suspect that they may discover my true feelings. Even your reputation would not be sufficient to hold at bay their wrath should I let myself slip. For the first time since I have been graced with your love, I feel frightened... I don't know what to do without you... Always, ~Your Elizabeth My beloved Edward, You are gone now... snatched away from me by the cold, wretched hands of conflict. Where are you? Do you know of the paths that you follow in this dark, starless night? I awake at every ease without you, startled by the bitter sound of ceaseless rain at my window. As I stare out into the empty stone streets below, I can't help but think that this downpour's very existence is the essence of my heart fleeing... wrapping itself around this doomed world and suffocating any hope that dares squander a breath. Do you still weep my love? Because I have forgotten how. The tears have been replaced with a vacancy in my mind and body that cannot be filled. Though the rain never stops, I am thirsty... and nothing in Ara could fill the empty well that I have become without you. You always said I was the strong one... that you relied on my courage just to get through the day... but you were wrong. There is nothing virtuous or admirable about me. I fear that if I were to endure this torture for one more night, I would cease to be at all. ~Your Elizabeth Further Announcements After much planning, we have pinpointed that the RAiN playable alpha demo will be available to backers by the end of August! Updates will be made on this Kickstarter after it concludes, letting you know when to check your emails. I would also like to give mention to one final Kickstarter project that has been extremely resourceful in assisting our project. Alcarys Complex , by Modest Arcade , is a successfully funded Kickstarter with amazing story driven concepts. The social interaction between characters and the game world are what really make this game stand out. The unconventional storyline basis is one that departs from known RPG cliches in brilliantly deep and well forged way. Rather than simply fighting to defeat evil, players will be pushed to ponder the very notion of violence and conflict. Needless to say, we are highly impressed. Now that it is already funded, I would encourage everyone to look into the game and engage with the developers! RPGs are not made brilliant in a vacuum! We will be bringing you another update in a few days, detailing possible stretch goals for expanding to different platforms and our plans after the conclusion of the Kickstarter. Thank you again from all of us here at Gentlemen Studios! Hello everyone! Just sending a quick update out to confirm that RAiN will offer full PC controller support ! Most common modern models will be fully compatible with the game, and you will be able to customize the button layout. Additionally, we have added two new reward tiers! Backers who pledge $15 can recieve the digital copy of the game and a digital soundtrack! Also, backers who pledge $500 will have an in-game shrine/area dedicated in their honor, along with the other rewards! If you prefer, you can help us design your area to your liking! Finally, I would like to bring to your attention another Kickstarter project with a lot of promise: Do You Remember . The game is a reimagining of classic RPGs like the Mother series, but with a plethora of notable innovations. For starters, there is a fully functional day and night cycle that changes the quests and NPCs that are accessible to the player. The game will also include a crafting system and intricate NPC relationship building. By donating to this project you are not only bringing another great RPG to life, you are also jump-starting a small independent game studio! The commitment and talent of the project's creator, Yui Jegnan, is what inspired me to share this brilliant project with you. We are currently hard at work on the first RAiN beta, which will be made available in the coming months. Until then, expect a new story update tomorrow! ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Wow! It looks like this project's funding is really coming together! All of us here at Gentlemen Studios can not overstate how grateful we are for all of the support you backers have given us. We have taken the time to talk with some of you individually and are always impressed with how creative and helpful your comments have been. Thank you! The Celestians Among the many races and creatures of Ara there exists the Celestians, a race of pale, human-like people who are said to be the first to inhabit the world. Though their true genesis is unknown, they believe themselves to be the caretakers of the planet and desire above all else to preserve it for future generations. Extremely fatalistic, Celestians harbor the unshakeable belief that their bloodline determines their fate. They abhor traditional power structures, preferring instead a world free of nationality and law. With the coming of the endless rain, many Celestians started developing psychic abilities. Though this new power has helped them push back the enveloping tyranny of humanity, it comes with grim consequences. All Celestians who gain this ability can no longer sleep and become doomed to eventual madness and death. New Lore Object Today's story/lore object directly relates to the last one. This journal is found before a particularly gripping scene, and we decided to share the first few pages of it with you! Keep in mind, the actual diary pages will change depending on how you have developed Leo. In the following example, the player has given Leo not only a very powerful sense of urgency, but a humility and kindness as well. 30, Novard, AR 1824 Waldier used to be so simple before those damned Lacertians came and forced us into their “union”. I remember how our incompetent council folded to them like a house of cards the instant a sword was drawn. Have they no pride?! The Celestian people were not given life to have it ruled and subverted by those heartless bastards! I would have given my life to resisting them that day were it not for Caekyn. My son... starves these days. The rations that soldiers hand out every week are getting smaller, yet they remain well fed. It's as if the very land scowls at their presence, no crops can grow here! What was once endless fields of garden and grain are now cobblestones and sweatshops. I long for the day when I can be reunited with Karista.... We miss you, my love... ~Cetris Arstus 1, Januar, AR 1824 Today I had my first customer in weeks, a young Celestian who called himself Leo. He wanted me to repair his gun that, much to my surprise, was soiled with dried blood. Was he some kind of depraved lunatic? No... his eyes held a gentle kindness that I hadn’t seen since the rain started falling months ago. As Leo spoke quickly and quietly, constantly nursing his wounded left leg, he told me that the Lacertian empire was coming for my son. Apparently he had found his way to the camp a few ides north of town, and something horrible had happened. Though I persisted, he would only tell me that if I were to see Caekyn again, I would have to flee towards the Baragog caves. My son... what have you done? He left far swifter than any I knew could with such an injury, leaving behind enough Lien for me to make it for a few months out on the road. I will repay him, one way or another... But first I must find a way to make it through the southern checkpoint... My son, are you alright? ~Cetris Arstus Hello backers! Today was a great day for RaiN! Our funding is climbing and we have surpassed 50% of our goal! We are extremely excited and working 10-12 hour days on the game engine, fine tuning the fluidity and responsiveness of combat and exploration. In just a few hours, we'll be giving everyone another story element to better enhance your understanding of the world of Ara. I would like to also give personal notice to another Kickstarter project, Hiro Fodder: A Blue Hope . The game is an extremely unique take on the traditional 16-Bit RPG genre and echoes a lot our developer's enthusiasm and vision. The creator, Robert, is in no short supply of creativity and is making a game that both blends old and new ideas. I highly recommend backing his project! By doing so you help pave the way for original games and exceptional storytelling. Thank you again for all your support! ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Hello Kickstarter! We are very happy to announce that we have reached over 40% of our goal! With over 100 backers and counting, we have been working hard to make RAiN a game that will exceed everyone's expectations. We will be posting a new story tidbit every other day until the conclusion of the Kickstarter. These will take various forms, giving you a unique look at the game world through many different perspectives and methods. Today's piece is from an actual document you can find in the game! You will be able to interact with almost every object in the environment to enrich your understanding of the world of Ara. URGENT LETTER FROM: Department of Lacertian Technology Professor Niklas C. Schreiber Central Authority of the Lacertian Empire TO: Head Communication Officer Waldier Outpost Subjugated Lacertian Territory 19 2, Januar, AR 1824 Waldier Communication Officer, As you were informed before our arrival, our research team has been dispatched to investigate your outpost's recent discovery. As a reminder, Lacertian law requires all recently subjugated territories to honor the requests of Central Authority and its departments. Though we appreciate your compliance with our request, we have identified the following individuals in Waldier as potentially hostile to our operation: Taur Volans (Male, Aged 34, Celestian) Leo Grieve (Male, Aged 28, Celestian) Lilly Horologuim (Female, Aged 26, Celestian) Sagitta Serevit (Female, Aged 42, Torcard) Caekyn Arstus (Male, Aged 15, Celestian) Any information leading to the whereabouts of the above individuals will result in Lien disbursement, as pursuant with Lacertian law. Please note that any attempt to mislead or hinder our efforts to obtain these individuals will provoke military action. Additionally, we are contacting you to inform you of the danger surrounding our research camp, located 19 ides north of your outpost. As your discovery of the Hydrian library suggested, we have found and contained a live Hydra sample. For your safety, under no circumstances are you to allow anyone within 2 ides of our camp perimeter. Any individuals discovered within the forbidden area will be collected and processed in accordance with Lacertian law. Your current and future compliance with Central Authority will increase Waldier's loyalty ranking as well as its ration shipments. May the wisdom of our Lord Judges guide us always, Professor Niklas C. Schreiber, Department of Lacertian Technology Hello Kickstarter! Everyone here at Gentlemen Studios is very excited to bring you this very important update! We have put together a gameplay video that showcases a non-story related boss. These can be found randomly throughout the game world and often involve several paths to victory, with unique rewards depending on how well you execute the battle. Keep in mind, the graphical presentation of the game as well as the sound effects are heavily under revision. We feel this video is still extremely relevant, however, because it shows actual gameplay concepts that are concrete. In the coming days we will be releasing an update explaining the story's setting, giving you an exclusive look into the gripping tale being told in RAiN. We are eager to further spread the word about our project and better explain its elements over the next few weeks! We would like to thank all of our backers for being so supportive! We learn how to better both our Kickstarter campaign and our projects because of you! ~Gentlemen Studios The development team would like to send a resounding "THANK YOU!" to all of our backers thus far! With you're help, we have been able to secure 30% of the costs needed to produce RAiN. Some exciting giveaways will be coming to backers as we progress through the coming weeks. With 21 days to go, we spend every day working at the edge of our seats, eager to make our collective dream come alive. Thank you again, from the bottom of our hearts. ~Gentlemen Studios PS: A sprite for Leo can be found below, showing off the new, higher resolution sprite graphics that you can expect in the game. We are working hard to push sprite resolution even further for the beta and look forward to showcasing them and their additional frames of animation shortly. We really want to allow our backers behind doors to see the progression of the game's development. A rough draft of the art-book/strategy guide will be up along with a gameplay video showcasing a boss fight soon! Added new alpha screens with updated sprites and graphics engine! We are hard at work preparing a gameplay video for everyone and we expect it to be live within the next few days. Until then, the lead developer, Joseph Nix, has decided to give Kickstarter a challenge... If we raise our $7,000 goal by the deadline, Joseph will get the company logo permanently tattooed on his shoulder (his first tat!) Note: The costs will come from our combined personal funds (plus we know an artist, that helps!). Kickstarter will not be funding this extra-credit assignment :) Hello Kickstarter! This is Joseph Nix, lead developer here at Gentlemen Studios! We are very happy to announce that in under 48 hours, we have received 10% of our funding from you, the backers! You guys rock! Because of you, this game is well on its way to being released! Keep up the good work! We felt like the idea behind psychological development, and how you, the player, will affect the storyline was not properly explained in the initial video. So without further delay, lets check out how you will be able to impact the game's storyline. Everything you do changes the way characters act in the storyline, and the way the storyline unfolds. This is at the core of our design philosophy. We believe that RPG stands for ROLE PLAYING GAME, not sit and the observe prepackaged pre-rendered cut-scene. Players will be able to impact the way characters develop and how the storyline is expressed through the following ways: By making decisions, both in dialog and in gameplay. By crafting certain types of equipment. Inspecting items in the game world and item use Completing quests for NPCs, both good and bad. Killing passive, defenseless creatures makes you more ruthless Defending these creatures makes you more heroic and finally A memento is a sentimental object equipped to your character that grants them special, extremely powerful attacks. The mementos you use and how often you use them further influence your characters disposition. All of this will come together to create seamless changes in your characters behavior. If you notice them becoming more aggressive, your behavior and choices will further that tendancy or reverse it. We hope you are all as excited as we are about this important game mechanic. Stay tuned in the coming days for a gameplay video! We look forward to showing everyone how combat and exploration inside dungeons will work! Thank you! What an exciting first day! Thank you to all that have decided to back our project so far! We are working hard to bring you a gameplay video that better explains the gameplay mechanics. If you have any questions until then, feel free to send us a message, we'd love to hear from you! Added new alpha screenshots at the bottom of the page and updated the gameplay explanation! Lowered the cost for the top tier rewards and allowed the backers to create a total of 3 endings! Lucas check your pms for script info! Just letting you all know that I am going to be posting an update my Monday morning and will be responding to Private messages this weekend! I hope everyone had a safe and fun 4th of July! I have read all of your thoughts posted over this weekend and will do everything I can to assure that this project succeeds. I have contacted Robert about his proposition and will have more to share on that soon. Additionally, if you'd like to contribute to the project, I want to once again remind you to message me! We already have a few people helping out, and I'll have an update about that next week. As I stated in the update, I was able to drop a few obligations until this game is released, and am spending at least two hours a day contributing to RAiN's release. Thank you again for expressing yourselves. I have learned a lot from this experience and this project is alive again due to your passion. Hey everyone! In an effort to address you're concerns and provide transparency, I feel like my initial comment about power outage leaves room for much more explanation. On second reading, it does sound like I am just giving you some bonehead excuse and that everything I worked on is gone. That is not the case. I still have much of the work that I did on the game. The power outage only corrupted a limited section of files, none of which were media files. And though I had backups, at the time they were out dated but still can serve as building blocks to recover the damage. It is true that I am using RPG Maker, but that does not mean that the entire engine is complete and ready to go. You see, RPG Maker comes with pretty much nothing, just an empty shell to write scripts and upload media into, tying all these massive alterations together to make the game of you're choosing. The more complicated your game is, the more it requires scripting and media resources to make it work. When I said that the game's engine is complete, what I am referring to is the various custom systems, such as a battle system, that require the game to work as an action RPG (the initial setup is for turn based, random encounters). In the survey I have thus far figured out that I would present options for everyone, and a fill in the blank for ideas that do not fit the options. I can continue the game, I am just completely unsure how long it will take and cannot give an accurate time frame based on the instability in my life. I can also hand the project off to someone else, which makes things complicated, but I am sure that it could be done. The third option is that the game could go uncompleted, and refunds would be available to those who desired them if and when it became financially possible for me to do so. Lani, It is very hard to clarify things that are subjective, but on the things that are objective I will be more than happy to clarify! RAiN was never created with the intention of failing, and I have done everything that I can, given the circumstances, to complete the project. What you have "unearthed" is in many was incorrect information and includes assumptions that are not correct. Though I honestly feel like you're feelings are valid (I would be upset as well), I encourage you to take another look through everything. I am going through a divorce, and I am also engaged to someone that has helped me get through the situation. I honestly thought that I could develop an iOS copy based on a few games that have been developed using the scripting language. I have no way to return the money at this time, it is physically impossible. I have sold all of my possessions with the exception of my car (which is worth around $1100), which I hope will allow me to find proper employment. I do not qualify for loans, I have looked into it. It may take some time, but I will do everything I can to make this right, even if it means starting from scratch and finding a way for others to provide for me. I will submit a survey within a week, after I have had some time to decide on its contents. The survey will objectively tell me how you all feel I should proceed. Thank you for your passionate responses. Hey everyone, I know that there are some strong feelings floating around, and I completely understand where you're coming from. I want to reiterate that I had every intent on completing the game, and have spent a lot of time working on it. I believe that placing all of the files I have into an archive and allowing you all access is more than fair. As far as individual itemization finance goes, I was using some of it for covering the expenses accrued while working on the game. I did have a contract with Nobody Studios, and they fulfilled the initial part of the contact, but I was not able to continue to pay them for their work. I will be submitting a survey to you all asking what you're desired course of action be. If you'd like refunded pledges, that will be an option. I cannot make any promises about when I will be able to get it back to you, because I am pretty much on the street right now. Lani, I know that you are upset and you have every reason to be, but you're investigative work makes a lot of assumptions and plays off of the fears of the situation. I was never shy about Nobody Studios being related to me, this was a project helped out by family and friends. I did pay them for their work though, because they have too many obligations to be able to donate charity work to the project. Also, access to a Steam account is not an accurate way to pinpoint time management, as these accounts are often used by others. It is also extremely painful to hear that you believe the personal issues I faced were some elaborate hoax, but you're frustration is understandable. I will give updates on the situation as they develop. I want you all to know that I am sorry, I did not have the proper preparation and training to handle such a large game project on my own. Had I known this from the start, I would not have started the project. This has been a massive learning experience for me and I will do everything I possibly can to address this issue with each and every one of you in a way that you prefer. Atarun, I wish everyone on the internet was as honest and kind as you, and I appreciate your words of support! :) I had planned on making an update explaining the delay, but things started to clear up so I decided to focus on getting the update out instead. Rest assured, you have been heard and any delay of greater than a week will prompt me to make an update, alerting you all via email as well as the Kickstarter interface. Again, your comment is kind and encouraging and I agree with what you said and appreciate it very much. Thank you. Thank you for your concerns Muazzam, I'll take this opportunity to share with you and the rest of the backers why the next update is lagging a bit. I am not only a game developer, though this is my primary obligation for the next few years (including patching, etc.), I am also an upper division student (about to finish!), husband, and part-time employee. Unexpectedly and unfortunately, some of these other obligations have become more demanding temporarily. This is not me saying that I have slowed down work and development on RAiN., but it has impacted the update's release. Thankfully, things are finally returning back to normal after a few weeks of chaos and everything is on track to release the update sometime in the next week. I am not a perfect person, and life can sometimes throw things at us unexpectedly. Still, I will always do my best to explain where we are at and when you can expect things. I changed the way these posts notify me weeks ago so I am constantly aware of your voices, and will always respond as soon as I am physically able. I hope you all have a great weekend! I will be spending mine balancing the enemies you'll all be facing in the beta :) Thank you! Wallpapers are on the way! Yeah apparently a few people are having problems. If you are unable to resolve the issue, rest assured that an update linking to a paypal donation will be up probably by the end of the day or the next. All backers who donate through the paypal will still have access to their appropriate reward. Thank you everyone! We are working on an update explaining whats going to happen next, it'll be up by the end of the day! WE DID IT! Thanks to all of you! YAY! Thanks again everyone! With 48 hours left we are trying our best to ensure that we create a simultaneous release for both PC and Mac, with Linux support coming shortly afterwards. Our goal after release is to use our first wave of funding to expand to as many platforms as possible, we want to bring RAiN to everyone regardless of the OS they chose to use. We only have 48 hours to go, and hopefully we can raise close to 10,000 to achieve our first expansion goal. Help us out by spreading the word as much as you can, I have seen amazing things from everyone so far! Anything is possible! We made it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you all for your encouragement! We are working tirelessly to not only meet but exceed everyone's expectations! Wow, thank you Brit! It looks good :) Wow!! Thank you guys so much! The team has been calling me like mad and to say we are all excited is a vast understatement. I woke up and saw what happened overnight and... needless to say this is a dream come true. I am overjoyed that our excitement is spreading to you guys as well! Lani, At this point, it looks like we may just be able to accomplish that! I am currently talking it over with the team and considering our options, but it may just be possible. We were originally planning on expanding after release, when we had funds to do so... but wow have things gone well! Also, at the 25 dollar level you get a full PDF version of the artbook/guide from the $50 dollar pledge! Matthew, we can't believe how much we've progressed in such a short amount of time. We are confident we can make it! As far as the endless rain goes... look forward to the next story element! :) Thank you Nick, we will! The excitement on our end is building up quite fast as well! Heather glad you asked! I will be adding some explicit information in the next story update that will answer your question! Just a quick heads up, during the last week we decided to put a reddit post up to try and draw attention. We want this game to be made as much as you do! Check it out here <url>~Gentlemen Studios Calebjrose, Thank you for your kind words! We will do everything we can to meet and exceed your expectations! ~Gentlemen Studios Chris, Funny you mentioned that, the way the Hydra language is learned is very similar to the way Al Bhed was learned in FFX. Its not like we wanted to completely copy the idea, but all rpgs use items, so why can't more than one have an alternate language system? The way it is currently coded, you decipher particular characters (one volume at a time), by finding the Hydrus Language Volumes scattered throughout the game world. There are 26 total, one for each character. For example, finding volume 1, translates the Hydra character X into L. So to say "Lime", it would originally read "Xamd". After acquiring volume one, it would read "Lamd". As you discover more volumes, further letters are translated, and it becomes easier to understand what is spoken/written by the Hydra. Hope this helps! ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Kevin, Thank you for the great question! You will receive a special in-game item for every ending you unlock. Without going into too much detail... more content is reachable for every ending you unlock. :) ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Lets send a message to the larger game companies who are only beholdent to their shareholders. Upvote if you support RAiN and independent developers! <url>"THANK YOU!" to all of our backers thus far! With you're help, we have been able to secure 30% of the costs needed to produce RAiN. Some exciting giveaways will be coming to backers as we progress through the coming weeks. With 21 days to go, we spend every day working at the edge of our seats, eager to make our collective dream come alive. Thank you again, from the bottom of our hearts. ~Gentlemen Studios Justin, The dev team has gotten really excited lately about the endings and how to implement them, and we know you're going to love figuring out how to unlock them all! For each character, there will be several endings focusing around that specific character. However, most endings will involve all three characters. Great idea with the art book! We may just have to go ahead and do that! (With the standard thank you Justin message, of course). :) Great questions! It is very difficult to answer them without spoiling a lot of the game's story progression. Before the end of the Kickstarter, we will explain the world of Ara a bit more in detail. Aww don't be so shy guys! Any questions about the game? We would love to further explain any aspects that many seem confusing to you! I wont bother with the refund, but I am disappointed. Nothing for me. Still no refund ever provided. Despite claims in updates to the contrary, I don't think that *anyone* got any refund. Requested a refund, but never saw it. I do see the update claiming refunds were sent, but . . . Has anyone heard anything in a while? Just curious. I think almost no one got their refunds. That said, I hope (or rather I don't) Joe remembers to include this money on his Taxes. Or rather I hope really awful things happen to him for pulling a scam like this. Wow, that's sad. I'm starting to believe nothing concerning the project was ever done with the money. Hope everyone got their refunds... Correct. The last time I was contacted, it was to confirm that I wanted to help with the script (I have a screenshot of our chat if he ever tries to deny this). Since then, I haven't heard a peep. So no one ever saw anything that was done with the money, not even those who offered to work on this for free to get this done? Just so people don't get their hopes up, despite what Joseph has said, this project is dead. We haven't seen any progress after his promise of actually working on the game and I, as one of the people who volunteered to help, still haven't received anything. I would advise everyone to immediately ask for a refund and don't let up until you get it. As Frank said a few months ago, Joseph has to refund use under Kickstarter's guidelines. Sent note about refund long ago. Still no refund. Sometimes...I really don't know what to say. Still no refund for myself either. Even though I send the PM requesting one, every time too. Interesting news.. I just found out that my state (WA) has filed the first KS fraud/failed campaign lawsuit. (which I also happened to have backed.) - It might be interesting to follow, as it will most likely set a precedent for possible future lawsuits. (hopefully a good precedent) Anyway. Here is some info on it (legal docs are in a link in this article) - <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. " (from the FAQ, and several other links on the site) Finally got my refund. But seriously? You sent it in a manner that Paypal charged me a fee for it? You should have paid the fee yourself. And before anyone says something, yes, I am aware he did not have to give refunds. However, he agreed to, and he should be paying any required fees himself. Since the last update was for backers only, and in case potential employers or future investors ever see this, know that Joseph Nix promised refunds and has yet to give them. He of course disappeared again, and he's more than a week late for the refunds which already took forever to be offered after months of nothing happening or being showed about the game. . Don't ever trust Joseph Nix. He's a liar, a fraud, and a coward. My apologies to NobodyStudios--I meant no disrespect. Your art was what attracted me to this project in the first place. I have not contacted you directly in the past, and simply kept account of the casualties involved with it. I hope you can forgive me. Nobody Studios, nobody should criticize your integrity. You have been opened and frank with us, in a word: honest. @NobodyStudios: I echo Frank and wish you the best! Thank you Frank - and a huge thanks to everyone extends us that same understanding. We really appreciate it. @NobodyStudios, thanks for keeping us updated when Joseph Nix wouldn't. I think everyone appreciated it. I'm sure everyone understands it's not your fault, and you've done everything that you could in the situation. Well, Joe Nix should be ashamed of himself. If I were him I just start issuing the refund now. You've screwed over way to many people to just sit on this for god knows how long. @cyxceven: Yep, it really is too bad. But when you get people constantly harassing you about a game that you never were even responsible for, it can wear a person down. We've kept communication open and been entirely transparent for the past year while this project has gone downhill. There's only so many ways we can say 'this isn't our project, we're not responsible for it', etc. Apparently it's not good enough for some people, or some people don't listen.... or are just desperate for any kind of communication about this project. But in any case, yep- that's it, it's done. We won't be posting on here anymore. Take your grievances to the guy who started the project and got funded- not the artists he commissioned. Looks like NobodyStudios packed it in too. Too bad, it was really nice art. Nice to see that threats of reporting you to Amazon/KS/Fraud offices forced you AGAIN to stop hiding. What took you so long? Do we have to report you every time you're lying about giving us updates and go hiding? I'll ask for a refund for sure. Can't believe you disappeared again, and have yet to show ANYTHING about the game even if you promised it the last time. As far as we know, this game doesn't even exist and is pure vaporware. Show some respect, it's getting ridiculous. We tried our best to support you. This comment won't be heinous or aggressive, I'm just going to list the next logical steps for our community of backers. To every and each one of the backers reading this comment, please report this person to the authorities as described above (please, any US backer, specify how in the next comment), by writing to Kickstarter (<url>" Hello, My name is XXX. I gave XXX USD to a Kickstrater project named "RAiN" (<url>" Game over mister Nix. Yeah like I've said earlier, you've had your second chance (or was it even the third chance?) and you blew it again. Will be reporting this on Kickstarter, and filling appropriate complaints using the info Matthew posted here. It's really a shame but you can't be trusted at all, and don't have any respect for the 298 of us. I encourage everyone else to do the same. Joseph, it really is a shame how you are treating us. Did you never learn what responsibilityt is? Sorry to sound so hard (I am slightly drunk) but for your own good end this mess. Wow, so he doesn't even bother communicating with those who are willing to help him for free?? (actually help him after giving him money for what looks to be vaporware) I really can't believe he's hiding again after what happened last time. Joseph, it has been almost a month. I backed this project out of my love for the genre. I offered my services to help finish the game because I want to see it made. I'm quickly losing interest though. We understand that life can get in the way of things but this is become a repeat of last time. You can't promise an update and promise to answer PMs and then disappear for a long time. We gave you a second a chance, please don't squander it. Joe, Where have you been? Tell us what's happening! From my complaint to the Internet Crime Complaint Center Joseph Middle Name: Last Name:Nix Gender:M Address:1350 Tomol St City:Carpinteria State:California Country:United States Zip Code / Route:93013-1717 Phone Number:8056843144 E-mail Address:<email> Lani, do you still have his address and contact info? My wife's a lawyer and we'll see what we can do. Having his personal info would make this a bit easier. Yeah I'm convinced he's a thief / scam artist. Last time he said that he was reading the comments, so I'm sure he's reading ours. Another week without an update, what a coward. It's over a week now. That said, this kickstarter seems to have been a scam from the start. He probably just spent our money on video games and what have you. I doubt he spent anytime working on this game. ...aaaaand the week is over, still no update. Joseph, how do you want to deal with refunds? Should I send you a private message or will you use the Kickstarter survey? You can't be trusted at all. I'm in the same boat with everyone else, Joseph. It's Thursday and there's still no update, nor have I received any of the script despite asking you about it in PMs. I'm still waiting on getting my money back. I'm pretty certain Joe here never worked on this game and spent our money on himself. Yes, it is kind of frustrating... @Joseph, stop making promises you can't keep. It's Wednesday now, still no update. Pogopuschel has been asking for months for you to reply to his pms, and apparently you don't care about that either. I'm done with you, your broken promises, your lack of transparency and your countless excuses. I've tried to understand your situation but honestly you are not capable of making a game and running a Kickstarter campaign. Game is more than a year late and you have yet to show anything that you've done. It's time for refunds. Sorry, I've lost all faith in you and this project. Hey Joseph, would be nice to answer to any of my pms... <url>"yep, that didn't go well, but it wasn't a total loss" or "Ok, maybe I should work on my prep a bit more before asking for money". If that makes sense. I overthink things. I like the idea of producing the game in an open way - but that requires a radically different approach to what we've seen so far. It means sharing files so we can get a sense of how things are going, and hosting an open, relatively public discussion. Until either that happens, or Joseph shows Robert the files and leans on his expertise, I fail to see how anything has changed. And frankly, I remain skeptical that we are being levelled with. Making games is hard, very hard. Tools exist to make the process simpler, but making a decent game is one f'n hard job. I don't feel that Joseph intended to scam us (I could be wrong). I feel he probably thought that the biggest piece of the puzzle was the budget, and that kickstarter would help him acquire that piece. But making games require so much more than money. I still believe something good can come out of this. I backed Hiro Fodder by Robert DellaFave and I trust that if a game can be salvaged from this, he is the one to lead it. I'm not sure if another kickstarter for this game is a good idea, but personally i would donate what I could to ensure all backers of this project got something in the end. Hey Lani, I posted this in the updates section- reposting here in case you didn't see it. --------------------------------------- Lani, Thank you so much for your understanding all that we've been going through. It really has been hell. I can understand why you went to the lengths you did and to be honest can't fault you for making certain assumptions. I can sympathize for everything you've gone through with this- I've experienced disappointments and delays on a few projects too. And it's okay, I accept your apology about my grandfather's address- you had no way of knowing about death, and since no one lives there at the moment, no real harm was done. It just seems a little convenient at this point, when some backers are looking into complaints and legal action, and others are proposing you hand the work over to another developer with transparency, that you come back with a series of promises that seem designed to deter action, and get some of your critics off of this page. At this stage, if you want to rebuild trust, I would make the files accessible to everyone, so we can make an informed choice as to whether to go for a refund or to continue to support the project. I think putting conditions on people not to comment is a bad idea - and I suspect a violation of Kickstarter's TOS. If you are interested in making this the best game possible, I'd welcome input as broadly as possible. Unless you are just counting on cleaning up your internet profile by removing your critics, and those providing information about avenues for complaints. I have requested deletion of my own comments by Kickstarter. If Joseph is making amends, so am I. This matter is over. (Also, Brittany, it WAS my investigation that got Joseph to respond literally at all. While I did go overboard, and I regret that, it was at the very least effective. One can become emotionally invested when money is involved and promises are broken) Yes, it seems Nobody Studios is legit. I'm even willing to buy the grandfather's death. As for the address - I wouldn't have listed it if it wasn't requested on the fraud report form. I did several paid background check sort of things and they seemed to say Joseph lived there. I know this stuff is personal, but it is also public record. Still, I apologise for that. I overstepped a boundary and made a mistake. If Kickstarter wishes to delete them (I do at this point), I certainly won't object. Also, yes, Joseph did not try to hide it - I did roll that part back. I'll even buy that Joseph is a bum and dropped off the face of the earth when you asked him about this. I'm sorry your business has gone through so much hell over this project and I regret my role in it. That said, I still am not buying the divorce (he seemed awfully lubby-dubby on his Facebook at the time he was dealing with it). But even if that's true, I certainly don't buy the lack of Internet (he was at University at the time. He could have used public university computers if necessary) or the power failure nonsense. It's pretty darned clear he barely worked on the thing based on the lack of requests for art assets. Perhaps he wasn't running a scam, but he was dealing with investors. And he did agree to Kickstarters terms of use. He needed to be more aware of what he was getting into. It turns out when you take investor money, make knowingly false promises, and then do not deliver or keep in touch, the investors get angry and take drastic measures to rectify the problem. Whatever. As far as I'm concerned, Joseph has done what he needed to do a long time ago and made amends. If I'm contacted about the fraud report, I'll rescind it. I'm going to get a refund of my money - though I reserve the right to post here until the money clears into my bank account. I hope, if nothing else, Joseph has learned the seriousness of keeping promises and setting realistic expectations. Okay, wow. What the hell. Reporting all those Lani person's comments to Kickstarter for deletion. I'm sick of this 4chan-borne internet culture where geeks are way too trigger-happy to doxx people when they don't know the whole story. It's 2013 and posting random people's addresses like that is not cool you fucking justice warrior dorks. You know what? I wrote a whole thing. Paragraphs. About how you've contradicted yourself not just since the start of this kickstarter, but in the last two days. About how much work was or was not lost. About how much time you have or have not been working on it. But it's irrelevant. I think largely, your backers have decided to do all the work for you, to demand a refund, or simply to not even pay attention at all and not even realize this is happening. Right now, I'm on the fence. Please convince me Joseph. Convince me you weren't full of shit. No more lying. No more exaggerating. No more going from "I lost much of the work that I had done over the last few months due to a power outage." to "The power outage only corrupted a limited section of files." No more of this. It's ridiculous. If you want to make this open-source, completely changing the terms of what it is, exactly, that we invested in, you better start explaining a LOT more than you have. What is it you're looking for backers to contribute? How much work are YOU going to do? What kind of license will the game be released under? But will the schedule be like? Are you going to STICK to the schedule? Before I, and I assume at least a few others, hop on off this fence, you need to do more than say "I'm going to keep at it now!" Reposted here. Thank you Alexandre I really appreciate it :) I think you have a great idea- a lot of people still really support the idea of this game, and perhaps if it turns into a group, open source project it could still be good. Nobody Studio, I think almost every one here understand you and respect you. You have always been here to answer our questions and I personally appreciate and value it. I sincerely hope this will end (well) with Mr DellaFave finishing the game. I backed 25 dollars here on KS, but I could give him 5 dollars if he needed money. As for people who backed a lot, the game could be given to them for free. Let's say: it could become an open source game with a "donate what you want" button. This is all very disappointing, frustrating, and upsetting. However, I am really hoping that someone like Mr. DellaFave can pick up this project and continue it, or perhaps others... an open source project sounds great, and we'd absolutely be willing to work creating any new art assets needed for the project. Of course, if you guys want to hire out other artists then please do so, we won’t be offended :) We have a lot of other projects we’re working on right now, so it won’t bother us at all if someone else takes the reins. If Joseph didn’t back up the high res files we gave him, we do have our own copies and backups of those, so we’ll freely give them to the new project manager, or else upload them to an open source site. As said before, we were really looking forward to working on this, and were very disappointed when we stopped hearing from Joseph, and even more disappointed now that we now the project is dead... but I feel like I need to clarify a few misunderstandings. The Art Assets: We did not finish all of the art assets needed for this game. We only finished the work Joseph asked for- which so far is mainly the wallpaper, 3 character designs, and in-game portraits for the lead character. If anyone wants to see a spreadsheet of how much money Joseph gave us and when, the exact work we did- we would be more than happy to share it. We’ve been completely open and transparent this whole time- we're nothing more than work-for-hire artists on this project. Thankfully we got paid, but it still sucks that this may not be a finished game. And now... to address Ms. Lani specifically and the accusation that we are 'in on' this 'scam': Nobody Studios is the name that me and my wife use for our art team (lot of our work is collaborations). We are Joseph's brother and sister in law. Joseph made NO secret about the family relation- he listed our real names on the main page of his Kickstarter. (Kirk & Amanda Nix). That said, we did not receive any money from the Kickstarter outside of what he paid us to do the art. Specifically, Amanda did the art for RAIN as I (Kirk) was busy at the time finishing commissions received during the FANIME & Anime Expo conventions last year. We have been active as freelance artists for the past 4 years (since 2009). We have a DA, Tumblr, etc... we visit conventions, and have fulfilled hundreds of commissions for several clients over the years. I am pretty sure that we would not be so stupid as to ruin 4 years worth of flawless reputation by scamming people on Kickstarter. We have been around way before Joseph even had the idea to make this game. In fact, we have done everything we can to try and get answers from Joseph, and give you guys answers as far as we know on our limited information Joseph gave us. We have not gone into hiding, ever and have always answered everyone who has messaged us. We have gone far above and beyond what work-for-hire artists would normally do in this situation, and far beyond what anyone could rightfully expect of us. We may be related to Joseph, but he lives 150 miles away. If he decides not to respond to our phone calls or emails, we are in the same boat as you guys. That said, this is NOT our kickstarter- it is his. We are NOT responsible for the results of his Kickstarter anymore than Studio Lexi would have been if they had been hired to do the music. Believe me, I would much rather have not had this happen, and if I had a crystal ball I wouldn't even agreed to take this work in the first place with. A few people we know backed this, and are hurt as well. The few hundred bucks we got for designing characters and painting wallpapers is definitely NOT worth all of the stress and frustration we've had in dealing with this project. In the end we can't make Joseph finish the game or solve all of the problems he has with this project. I have no idea what Joseph's intentions are or were- other than what he tells me (which is what he's telling everyone else.) Time will tell, and I hope this is the first step towards him being transparent and responsible. Sharing the files might be a good way to make something good can come out of this disaster. Once the work he’s finished is public for everyone to see, and then I feel all of us can judge him better on the amount of work he actually finished. If you feel that lawsuits or reporting him to the police for fraud is your best course of action, by all means go ahead- Joseph is an adult and it's his responsibility to deal with that- not ours. On a side note, you should now that Charles Nix is not our father, but late Grandfather. When Joseph spoke of the loss in the family that is who he was referring to. Our Grandpa died in February of liver cancer. If you do not believe this I can furnish all the proof in the world that you need, including a photocopy of a death certificate, a picture of his headstone- you name it. The address you posted was his. I really do not appreciate you posting the address of our recently deceased grandfather on the internet for everyone to see. I understand you're frustrated with Joseph, but no one is more angry or frustrated with him over the past months than we have been. We have done nothing wrong, and have nothing to hide- and you are only making the situation worse by making false accusations against us. We won't hide or not respond to you Lani- if you want to talk, we're here, so please have the decency to come to us personally (not anonymously), and express your concerns instead of slandering us. That said everyone; we'll always be here if you have any questions about our involvement or any future production of art assets for this project. We will always be here- we're not going anywhere. If anyone wants to talk, email us at Nobody.Studios at gmail.com. "Reminder: Though the game's engine is complete, the graphical presentation of the game is currently in alpha stage." He was making this game in RPG Maker. I like how he insinuated that he worked on the engine - that he wrote it and completed it. Imagine if someone making a game in Unity wrote "well, the engine was complete. I just need to make the game." It's like writing a paper and saying "well, the pencil exists, I just need to finish the writing bit!" I have got so many things so say right now, as a person who have spent thousands on sucessful projects which is a small percentage of the projects I backed. But I will wait for further developments and see how this goes. Congrats Lani for pulling Joseph Nix out of his shell and give us weapons to poke him. Joseph - what you did was positively vile. I have friends who need life saving surgeries that they can't afford that cost less than the money you took and promptly did not deliver on. I would not be so angry if there weren't so many inconsistencies between your story and your actions online and if you had been clear and transparent in your updates. Particularly if they had been regular. I'll reserve final judgement until I read a clarification post that is fully transparent, honest, and handles everything I've unearthed. In addition to finding a way to return the money, which, need I remind you, you are legally required to do at this point. Or to resume development. One or the other. This was an RPG Maker game. It isn't hard to use or develop for. I'll be fascinated to know your excuse for the time it took to do that. (That's it for me - I've done what I can. Report him for fraud (info for that below), contact him (info for that also below), or just ignore it. He was hesitant to be transparent and openly lied about his Internet dying, his divorce, his moving, and his game and I cleared all that up. I did my part!) Nobody Studios is Kirk (Joseph's brother) and Amanda Nix (Kirk's wife). They're even listed on the front page. Okay maybe I jumped the gun here on open-ness, but the idea that they had no way of contacting Joseph besides email is a bit absurd, don't you think? Still a hoax - just a less hidden one. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Lucas - by the author's own admission, after waiting this long and spending that much money, you're entitled to a good game! <url>"Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. if anyone uses steam and wants a new game to play, my username is masterstickboy and I have 7 extra copies of DOTA 2.... sure it won't make up for being scammed but its free for those that'd like it. (just send me a friend request/message on steam and ill give you a copy) yeah looking at what he was posting around the time he supposedly didn't have internet I do agree that it would constitute fraud. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. We have been nixed off. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Thanks for the update NobodyStudios, you're doing a better PR job than the guy who got our money... Sucks about your art, what we saw looked amazing. Guess this project is really dead now. I'll report it to Kickstarter and suggest that everyone do the same. They usually don't care once they got their money but failed projects and scams are way too common these days, and a lot of people like me have completely stopped backing projects. If they don't do anything, this concept and website won't last much longer. Still haven't heard anything from Joseph. Quite disappointed his project turned out this way. I was really hoping things could turn around and we'd be contacted again for more art, but I have to admit- things don't seem to be looking good right now. luckily for me this has been the only project that's scammed us, though the other ones rarely meet there deadline they still give a final product. or atleast enough updates to keep me content.. Yeah I've been doing the same lately. I used to back a lot of smaller projects but several of them ended like this one. Hard to trust people anymore, especially people like Joseph Nix who promises to answer questions and give more frequent updates then leave again with no way of contacting them. The worst thing about this is that Kickstarter won't do anything for projects like this. At times it really feels more like a charity than a way to fund new ideas. Anyway, I'll add this guy to the "never support again" list. Robert: I know I'm never going to kick-start anything from an unproven developer any more. Sucks for people like you but I don't plan on getting burned again. All this does is discredit nobody developers like myself who were lucky enough to get Kickstarted, and are actually working hard towards finishing the game. A monthly update would have been nice Yep, looks like he'll never come back. I guess we've all been had. I also noticed that Studio Lexi no longer exists. Was the game called on account of Rain? Any update? Been a while now. And here we go again. I'm glad to hear from Nobody Studios as at least I know it wasn't a scam as some money was spent. I'll take this as a lesson learned and most likely not kickstart video games without a proven developer behind the project. My My My....this does get quite difficult. Its no wonder why he didn't connect his facebook account. [sigh] As one of the people who donated quite highly, and even some extra, this is quite a painful experience... There are quite some proof against you Mr. Joseph Nix, and frankly I even saw some kickstarter project where people got sued for much less money than you got. At this point of time there is only one naysayer in the previous update, Ellen Drew, and everyone else shout support for you. Is the one person who didn't the only one that is true? If you reply and respond late more and more will be inclined in that direction... I am with Nobody Studios and do hope that you are going to eventually complete this project, because a promise made should be fulfilled, and in a monetary deal is crucial and of utmost importance. While I did not back the highest pledge, I can imagine how bad they feel...if like me being a college student or those without stable finace, thats even worse. You have been through quite a bad moment of your life according to your words, so you should understand that some things should go both ways. " We were told that gaming was unproductive, lazy and destroyed our minds. Boy were they wrong." You have an excellent motto here, care to help prove it? In the worst possible case and scenario you can try to ask us if any of us can offer to draw, programme, beta test or story writing. And we can assist you. I bet some of us are willing to work for free if money is a nasty issue. Time is of the essence. Please at least knock once to prove or disprove these. If not 28th is around the corner and also a month since your last update. Explain there, or you might see pitchforks or a courtroom at worse. Just a final note, people can get irrational and impatient. Tumblr is malfunctioning so I thought I'd post a reply here publicly so that all backers could see it, though I already messaged Brian Watzig privately. "It was brought to my attention that he has no plans of finishing the project, and that he recently sold he computer." The last I heard from Joseph about Rain was in the last update he made on March 27, which everyone can see here. He said in the update he intended to finish- so this is news to me. " I was wondering if he ever even paid you guys..." Yes he's paid us for the work we finished for him. Most of that you guys have already seen (wallpapers & concept art), but there's some in-game stuff he hasn't posted (to my knowledge.) He hasn't contacted us about doing anymore artwork for him since last October I believe. At that point we had finished some in-game character art for his demo, which at that time he said was nearing completion. "a guy recently contacted me and told me he know Joseph and knew he had no intention of completing it" As I said before, as far as I know he's going to complete it- but he hasn't requested art for awhile. I assumed a lot of that is due to the events in his personal life recently- but I had hoped he'd start contacting us more and updating more after his last update on Mar. 27. I don't know Joseph's intentions or progress better than anyone else on his backers list. But I certainly hope Joseph is going to finish the game. And I do wish he'd update more- that way we wouldn't get questions like this on Tumblr so frequently. After all this is his project, not ours. so a little birdy told me Nix sold his computer and took off, I asked nobody studio's if they have heard anything or got paid for there work. they haven't responded yet but here in the link for when they do <url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. From Kickstarter's FAQ: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. _________ The estimated delivery date is ~4 months overdue and we haven't heard anything in almost as long. I am also interested in an update. How are things going? Any ETA on an update? :o How's the game development so far? Do we get to see our original characters anytime soon? :D @Joseph Nix: Thanks for getting in touch with us through the comments. :) Really enjoyed your last Update you had posted. Very excited to see the next update. :) @Joseph Nix: You're welcome and I thank you for the very quick reaction. :) @Joseph Nix: I'd also like to add that I have seen countless Kickstarter projects run into major hurdles of all kinds... One couldn't foot the shipping costs bill, two got robbed, one got laid off and had to look for work, two got into legal issues over copyrights (that weren't really infringed if you ask me), one had a producer run off with their money, one had a founder quit the team, one had to stall development to prioritize applying for funds, many got a surprise Sandy visit and so on and so forth... In each and every one of the cases I witnessed, the creators came clean about their issues and seemed afraid that maybe the internet trolls and haters would swallow them whole... and the backers agreed (at least those who commented) that it wasn't that big a deal. After all, Kickstarter is all about putting the human factor back into the equation, right? The problem you are facing with your project is that you withhold information. You seem to assume that backers are only interested in good news and to wait until you have enough new stuff to show us before you update. I think it is a terrible idea. We want to know how RAiN is progressing. If it is stalling, we want to know it is and we want to know why. Not because we will hold you accountable for it (my experience tells me Kickstarter backers are an extremely forgiving bunch), but because we care. About you and about your project. Don't push us away. Keep us in the loop. Please. @Joseph Nix: As far as I know, there is no way for us backers to ask to be notified when you post on the comments thread. It is pure chance that I read this today (the day after you posted it) instead of three months from now... While I greatly appreciate your willingness to tell us why the update got delayed, I ask that you please post the same thing as an update. Not every update has to show new stuff. Updates are meant to keep us in the loop about your progress. Unforeseeable and/or inevitable delays are part of the process and I (and probably a lot of my fellow backers) want to know about them too. Am I to assume that your weekly updates became monthly now? Remember don't forget to keep us in the loop or the consequences might be difficult later on... Hi guys. Just checking in to see how the game is coming along. We would love to see a new update added! Thanks. :) Just giving everyone an update on our side, Artwork & Revised characters will be posted shortly , more than likely within the next two weeks. Thanks everyone for being patient, but please bear with us, we are trying to make the best game possible. :) So please look forward to it! You may also check our deviant art for updates in the coming weeks. <url>~$800 to go. I have to say I was worried for the past few days this wouldn't make it. Glad to see I was wrong. I can't believe the amount of support you guys are getting these last few days. Holy balls. Upped my pledge to $100 when I saw how close you guys are. I think you might just make it! Exciting~ Came here from Alcarys Complex. I've only been stalking the games page for a couple weeks, but most of the time I wait a couple days after seeing a game to decide whether or not to pledge. This is the first one that made me go "holy shit must pledge now." This looks amazing. Thank you. This looks pretty great. I put in my pledge a few minutes ago, but I'll see if I can find anyplace to spread the word. Joined the cause! hope you can make it. Were making good progress, I decided to up my pledge. I want this game to be made so badly. Keep up the good work and can't wait to see more updates Does the 25 dollar level come with the full art book that will be released with the special edition or just some special art jpegs or something? Came here from Alcarys Complex. Any chance of an iOS version for a stretch goal should we make it? Damn, I swear you just went up like $1k today. I'm looking forward to this game funding. Also, I had no idea that it's RAiN because there's endless rain. Upped my pledge! So excited for this game! Keep up the lore updates :D I'm so happy we reached 50%! Since you gave a pretty detailed description of a Torcard, what is a Celestian? (since they seem to be the most important race) I sure hope this makes it. -- Try talking to some other projects to get a bit more attention. This game is getting more exciting by the minute! I can't wait to play it! This will seem like a random question, but, what's a Torcard? Hey Joseph, thanks for linking our interview! I had a blast doing it and can't wait for the game! This is the first time a kickstarter game has gotten me REALLY excited. Started with a $10 pledge for now but will definitely be increasing it once I know how much money I can spare. Hopefully enough to help design ingame stuff ^^ The video in the last update sold me - looking forward to playing the final game! It looks great. I hope you build it as I look forward to playing it. I have a suggestion. You mentioned learning a language in game which sounds awesome. -- My one concern is it would get quite annoying to have to decipher every single thing that we come upon in that language. -- FFX had a great way of dealing with this. In FFX there was also a language you could decipher letter by letter. As you discovered books which deciphered a letter, it would automatically decipher that letter whenever you read or heard it. -- So let's say I found a book that deciphers the letter A. It would go like this: "A !@# a^& &a* a$% a%^&*(." -- This would allow for translation without tediousness. If you like, you could make it an option so people who enjoy deciphering it every time can do so as well. Looks like an awesome game, and I'm always up for supporting indie developers! Of course, I also love the idea of so many endings, as well as adding more content for every ending reached. Anything to extend the replayability of a game is always a huge plus. Out of curiosity, are the strategy guides / art books going to be hardcover or paperback? I'm assuming paperback to make it more feasible to create the amount needed and get it to the backers, while still having the funds to make and publish this amazing looking game!! Also, the Hydra dictionary addition sounds awesome. Glad to support, and I really hope this gets the funding it needs! will you be implementing a tracker menu for which endings have been seen since there will be so many? There could be rewards for unlocking so many of them. Can't wait to play the whole concept sounds awesome. I think it's great that this game will have many endings. Will each character have a unique ending for their story? or will they all share the same endings? Also I think it would be cool for the strategy guide/artbook to have a hydra language dictionary so whenever you encounter the writing you can pull out the guide to decipher the messages easier.