Red is a low-budget psychological thriller that will be shot in San Francisco and released worldwide. Starring Jodelle Ferland of Silent Hill and Claudia Christian of Babylon 5, the film is the debut feature effort of Films by Neptune, a dynamic new production company based in San Francisco. Red will be distributed by RSquared Distribution. The Film Based on the classic fairytale Little Red Riding Hood, Films by Neptune's Red follows teenage Rowan as she moves to San Francisco to live with her grandmother. But when unforseen circumstances force her to stay in a hotel instead, she tests her newfound independence out in the city, falling in with an older man who seems too good to be true. Are his intentions for her good? And if not, can she get away before it's too late? The Cast Leading our cast as Rowan is Jodelle Ferland, star of Case 39 and Tideland, and recently featured in Twilight: Eclipse as the vampire Bree. Claudia Christian also stars as Marlena, a woman with a mysterious connection to Rowan. Joining Jodelle and Claudia is James Russell, star of 476 AD and festival hit short film The Crustacean Crisis. The Crew We have a fantastic crew of experienced Bay Area filmmakers working on the film, including Ben Einhorn and Wes Warfield on camera, Randy Hall on sound, Rachael Bell handling production design, and Alex Neil heading post-production. Our writer and director is Danielle Colman, and our lead producer is Benjamin Yennie. Why should I support Red? For starters, "Red" is the finest example of independent film at its best. Our shooting budget is tiny, but our cast and crew are world-class. We started with a fantastic script, and that drew together a talented and dedicated team of actors and filmmakers, each of whom is bringing a unique voice to the production. Every crew member has spent hours and hours working - so far for free - to give "Red" the level of detail and richness that it absolutely deserves, and it's poised to be an unforgettable experience on screen. More importantly, "Red" deals with an incredibly relevant social issue: the issue of trust, and how that trust can be betrayed. The lead character, Rowan (played by Jodelle), has to navigate a difficult new city in which no one is quite who they appear to be, and when she mis-judges whom she can trust, she finds her life hanging in the balance. The mis-use of power and abuse of trust is something that real people go through every day: in fact, during our last Kicktarter campaign, one of our crew members found herself in a situation very close to what Rowan experiences over the course of the film. We want "Red" to be more than just an entertaining film: we want it to be a story in which people with similar experiences can find an honest, respectful portrayal to which they can relate, and a cast of characters who can give those experiences voice. How Kickstarter Works Kickstarter is a platform for filmmakers and artists like us to raise funds from our audience: people like you. Anyone can pledge to the project, and in return we keep you informed about our efforts, and send out incentives and rewards once the money is raised. You can pledge any amount you like: for $1, you get access to exclusive updates from the cast and crew, and for $10,000, we'll fly the director, producer and a limited-edition DVD or Blu-ray of the film out to your location for a private screening party. In between, we're offering downloads of the film, special edition DVDs and Blu-rays, and replica production art, props and costumes from the film itself. Have a look to the right to see what we're offering at different pledge levels. Promotional buttons, available at the $7 pledge level To help out, click on the amount you'd like to pledge, and Kickstarter will guide you through the process of selecting your reward and setting up your payment. Your card won't be charged until the end of the campaign, and only if we raise our goal. For more information, have a look at the Kickstarter FAQs. SPECIAL REWARDS Rowan's and Marlena's gowns from the party scene, each available at the $750 pledge level. Designed by Roman Voytko Barosse. In addition to rewards ranging from signed posters up to a personalized premiere party, we're also offering a limited number of special rewards, which will be actual items used during filming. Keep an eye out throughout the campaign for these unique rewards! Isn't $25,000 kind of low? Is that enough to make a feature film? In order, yes and sort of. $25,000 is only a fraction of our full budget, and it's not enough to make the whole film. But what it is enough to do is take care of a few key things that will persuade our other investors to come on board. Firstly, we'll be using the money to attach an actor to the lead male role and round out our amazing cast. We'll also use the money to kick pre-production into high gear, so that by the time we get to shooting we'll be ready to put something truly incredible on film. What happens if you don't reach $25,000? Absolutely nothing. You don't get charged, we don't send out the incentives, and we go back to more traditional methods of trying to get the film financed. Unfortunately, that makes it anyone's guess whether we'll be able to get the film made at all. What happens if you raise more than $25,000? That's the real question, isn't it? $25,000 is only the very beginning of what we need to make this film, but our last campaign told us that we have enough fans to make that goal. If we can succeed at that early in the campaign, then we want to use that success to push ourselves to raising even more money for the film! Once we get close to $25,000, we'll start adding stretch goals so you can see exactly what we need to progress with different parts of making the film. The more we raise on Kickstarter, the less we have to raise from investors, and the sooner we can go into production! Links Find out more by going to the following links: "Red" on IMDB Our homepage Our Facebook page Our Twitter Hi backers, It looks like Producer Ben has been posting some updates without running them by me, so I thought I'd clear things up some. It is true that the project has been sold to my personal production company, Sognetto Films. Ben and I suffered some creative differences, and as a result we decided to go our separate ways professionally. Films by Neptune now has its own slate, and, since Red has had my fingerprints on it since its conception, I took Red with me to Sognetto. Since Ben is no longer directly involved with the project, I can't guarantee that he has all the facts, so please take anything he says with a pinch of salt. Unfortunately, the nature of independent filmmaking is that it's fundamentally unpredictable. The best of projects sometimes struggle to get started, even after such a wonderful show of support from so many Kickstarter backers. As a result, there just hasn't been much news. The money raised is sitting comfortably but stagnantly in an account, and the last few months have been a long string of "Spoke to this-or-that film executive; s/he said the project looked wonderful, but it's not the right time/not a good fit for their slate/too low a budget/too high a budget" and so on. I've got as far as one executive producer agreeing to take the project on, but that was a few months ago and she has not had much more luck than I have finding the full budget for the film. It would be easy to blame the economy or the market or laziness in the industry, but what's going on is simply the nature of the beast. Professionally, it's frustrating; personally, it's saddening. BUT - and here's the more cheerful part of the offering - we're still trying. As hard as it is, we know we have a fantastic script with a truly wonderful cast and crew. The behind-the-scenes work continues to refine the script and nail down the look and feel of the film, and I couldn't be more confident that, once the film goes into production, what comes out will be something provocative and unique. In the meantime, we've been following Jodelle's career with real pleasure: it's a delight to see her consistently working in a wide range of roles that really show off her remarkable talent and on-screen presence. So that's where we're at. For now, all I can do is to keep plugging away with our remarkable film. It's slow, boring, frustrating work - and it doesn't lend itself well to frequent updates - but the exciting part of this business is that, at some point, the work will pay off explosively and the wheels will really start turning again. As soon as that happens, you all will be the first to know. Thanks so much for your patience, Director Dani A bit of bad news, guys: Director Dani is unwell and won't be able to do the planned countdown live stream. But there will be vlog tomorrow, and she'll do a live Q&amp;A in a few days to make up for it! Less than an hour to go, and we've blasted right past our goal, so hooray! WE MADE IT!!! Thanks so much to all our backers who have worked so hard to get us past $25,000. We still have a few days left: how much more can we raise? Remember, every penny above the $25k we need to succeed goes straight into the production of the film! <url>"Red". While you're all waiting for Director Dani to come back, here's one of the images from the photoshoot she did with Jodelle: We've stalled out quite dramatically over the last few days, so please, share the campaign with a friend so we can get the momentum going again! We'll have another Facebook party soon, so watch this space! For those of you who are interested in the artistic process behind Red, today's vlog features artist Jessica Jampolsky. <url>" 4 of a Kind ": aside from a script that's earning rave reviews, the project features a director who is slowly going blind, and needs this opportunity to make a film before he loses his vision entirely. Director Dani has backed the project - it's a really worthwile campaign! <url>"Red" backers here. The way I look at it she has two options: 1. Admit she screwed up and refund everyone their money. After all, in her last and only update (of Feb. 28, 2013) after the Kickstarter was funded, she said that "the money raised is sitting comfortably but stagnantly in an account." So if the money is just sitting there, give it back to the backers! Good grief, it's been four years! How long is she going to keep it in that account? 2. Make the movie. Seriously. Darva Campbell, a filmmaker here in Bay Area, offered her help repeatedly and Dani never bothered to reply. I feel confident that Darva and her husband could have helped get the movie made. They had just finished shooting a feature which, by the way, has been seen in numerous film festivals around the country and has won a bunch of awards, and they were looking for their next project. But Dani's failure to even open up talks with them to explore the possibility shows a lack of fiduciary duty toward her backers. But it's not too late! Dani still owns the rights to "Red" and considering that she claims that the money is sitting in the bank, she can use that to get the movie going again. Until she makes it right with the backers of "Red," Dani should never, never, never do another crowdfunding campaign again. She's at it again: <url>"Director" Dani doesn't want to adhere to any of the ToU, as she can't be bothered to communicate with anyone about the project. Kickstarter has updated their Terms of Use. You can read the whole thing over here: <url>’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: -they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; -they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; -they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; -they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and -they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Thanks, Masao, for sharing that with us. I hope Jodelle does have a talk with Dani and can get your money refunded. I hate being the only backer who managed to get a refund. Personally, I think you all need to band together and go after your money. There's more power in numbers! <url>"situation" now. Maybe eventually she will help to put an end to this.... whatever it is. <url>"Director" Dani herself). Never thought I'd get ripped off online THEN see the person who did this to me still blabbering about her so-called-"thoughts" about films/characters on facebook. It's sad to see Miss Ferland's and Miss Christian's names are still attached to this project. I'm a foreigner so I don't think I would have the luck to get my money back. She just ruined my faith. So far nobody has contributed to her campaign. I'm really hoping that people are doing their due diligence before contributing to it. I hate to see anyone else get suckered. Same MO as before: deadline april 1st, no podcast. At the time of this post: no podcast, no post on her page about the delay, only when she got a tweet about it did she mention "uploading problems". She really has got communication issues. Wow. Has anyone seen this? <url>"every backer for themselves" situation. I took that to mean if a class action lawsuit was something the rest of you could consider. Well, when I was researching my options when pursuing getting my money back, I consulted with my own attorney and several other attorneys. I was told that because of the relatively small amount (yeah, I don't consider $28k+ a small amount but apparently lawyers do) that no class action attorney would take the case. Of course, Kickstarter does mention pursuing legal action and there may be other options open to you that I'm not aware of. One criminal attorney I consulted with recommended filing a report with the police. Now whether you want to get together as a group or tackle this individually is up to you. I got my money back so I have no legal claim against Dani any longer and can't get involved in any lawsuits or police reports. So how you decide to pursue getting your money back and how you do it is your decision. I wish all of you guys the best of luck. I'm rooting for you. I just published “Why the Kickstarted Project “Red” Makes Me See Red.” <url>"director". Jarkeld's post below prompted me to go looking on Kickstarter's site for the rules that would apply to these circumstances. Here's what I found: Under Terms of Use: Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Here are a couple of questions from the FAQs section that apply here: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Here's the link to what project creators see and agree to when they create a project: <url>"@JarkeldOA Spoke to the distributor yesterday regarding plans for AFM; will have more to report after." After that I tried other means of communication. Got a request for my payment info via mail after I contacted her directly via e-mail. Sent the info, no reply for ages again. Tried to get a reply and she blew up, threatened to report me and Amanda Rogers to the police for harassment and flat out refused to give a refund. I doubt she'll have much success in the film industry with that kind of attitude. Unfortunately she is not interested in following the rules set by kickstarter re: communicating and accountability. I have reported her to <url>"director". Ryan, it wasn't easy. I first tried contacting Dani through Kickstarter, but when she didn't reply I had to go looking for other ways to contact her. For two months I tried contacting her via phone, email, Facebook, Twitter, etc. and was completely ignored. It wasn't until I publicly outed her on Facebook with a link back to her Facebook profile (which she has since shut down), did she finally reply. I hated to go that far, but she didn't leave me much choice. She told me that she screens her messages since she has had past experience with stalking and that was the reason she claimed she didn't reply to my messages. Funny, she didn't have a problem putting herself in the public eye every single day on video when she was asking for money. That's not the behavior of someone who is afraid of being stalked. And considering that I'm practically old enough to be her grandmother and am also in the film business, I find the whole stalking excuse to be ludicrous and completely unprofessional. A professional filmmaker will not treat their audience and backers is such a manner. A professional filmmaker shows respect for the their backers and understands that they have a serious responsibility to the people who contributed money to help make their dream possible. A professional (and ethical) filmmaker will not try to avoid their backers, make it hard for their backers to contact them, or threaten their backers...all of which Dani has done. It took me two months to get my money back and I only can hope that others who want their money will be able to get it back too. Amanda Rogers, what exactly were the steps you took to get your money back? I sent a message to the Dani via Kickstarter like Jarkeld did, and no response yet. And Jarkeld, were you able to get your money refunded? If so, same question as above. So, AFM was a month ago and still no word. I'll send Dani another email through KS. Hopefully she'll update us with whatever is - or is not - being done. I have contacted the director via kickstarter to ask for a refund. After too many months without any word from her at all I am not convinced the project will ever be completed. If you're unhappy with this project's broken promises (i.e., lack of updates, no pre-production), get your money back! I did! I'm feeling incredibly frustrated with this project. I've reached out repeatedly for the past two months to the director, Dani Colman, and have not received an answer. I decided to look again at the home page of the Kickstarter project to see if she has kept her promises. First off, this is what was promised regarding updates: "Anyone can pledge to the project, and in return we keep you informed about our efforts...." To date, there has been NO effort to keep us informed about the efforts being made with this project. Here's what she said she was going to do with the money we gave her: "$25,000 is only a fraction of our full budget, and it's not enough to make the whole film. But what it is enough to do is take care of a few key things that will persuade our other investors to come on board. Firstly, we'll be using the money to attach an actor to the lead male role and round out our amazing cast. We'll also use the money to kick pre-production into high gear, so that by the time we get to shooting we'll be ready to put something truly incredible on film." Pre-production should have been kicked into high gear long ago. So where are the storyboards? Where are the designs for sets and costumes? What locations have been scouted and/or secured? Has "Red" been promoted at fan conventions to gain more support? Where is the website for "Red"? Where is the Facebook page for the movie? Does the movie have a Twitter feed? Where can supporters sign up for the mailing list for the movie? What efforts are being made to raise the rest of the funds? These are just a few of things that should be happening during pre-production. Why aren't we being informed? I second your concern, Darva. As I wrote below, I've been trying to contact Dani since September. I've emailed her several times, left a message on Twitter, left her a message via Kickstarter, left her several voicemail messages, left her messages via Facebook; and I have received absolutely no reply at all. I too am a producer and I find this kind of behavior to be very disturbing and unprofessional. Dani is quite the good writer and she doesn't even seem to want to be bothered to update her backers. That's not the kind of audience building strategy that a filmmaker should be taking. Filmmakers want to grow their audience, not alienate them. I too fear that she has no intention of making this movie. I'm concerned about the status of this project. As head of a production company, I contacted Dani to offer her our assistance in getting the funds she needs to move forward. I wrote her three times, but never received any type of response, not even a "No, thank you, I'm pursuing other avenues..." I fear she has no intention of moving forward with the project. It seems - at the very least - it is not high on her list of things to do. I don't see the drive that she showed during the campaign... Has anyone else gotten any kind of response regarding the project? I've gotten a reply via Twitter: that she'd perhaps have something to report after the AFM that was held 6/11-13/11. For the past couple of months I have been trying to contact Dani to get the money back that I pledged to this project and have had no luck getting a response. It's been over a year since this project was funded and there have been no updates. I think it's time our money is returned to us. Last update was in Feb. Any news? Status? Update? IMDB has it listed as Post-Production as of 07 June 2013. Some official update would be appreciated. sognetto's site is unavailable at the moment, but it never did have much to show. It would be nice to have an update ... that the movie is moving forward, or that our pledges will be returned. 5 months since any update. This isn't looking so great. What's going on? I don't even want to support since this isn't a Films by Neptune project anymore. Hi. Just was wondering what is happening with the film. Still no news? No news? Yay for making it though :) And that 7k vanished in the last 2 minutes...? WOW! What happened over the last night (seeing from where I live). About 7k extra in the last 8 hours... just wow. Excellent work making your goal! Despite that, I’m still more than happy to pledge. I had the liberty of meeting Jodelle in Melbourne, Australia last year, such a lovely person. More than happy to back any of her projects, and this movie sounds so fitting for her. Look forward to it. Congrats on getting funded! *throws confetti* Yay, we get to (hopefully) make a movie!! CONGRATULATIONS! we did it! i think dani deserves a round of applause. clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap and for all us backers clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap This user's account has been deleted. 27k! Very interesting day... That was me...$10,000 WOW!! An hour ago we were at 22k and how.... 25k! HURRAY! Hmm, well looks like we just need $2700 more. Hope everything is ok over there, since we haven't heard a peep from anyone lately. I'd really like to see this one succeed this time. More updates please! :) Jodelle Ferland is probably the next generations Danielle Harris. Dani - I do have a have a question for you to ax Jodelle if you get the chance. Here it is... Jodelle: As dani has expressed, you have a high level of interest in playing the lead charactor in the movie Red, who at some point in the film becomes the prey of a monster of sorts. And you also recently played the victim in the made for TV movie Girl Fight. So I'm wondering if your recent gravitation towards these types of roles is a conscience means of shedding your childhood image (as we all do) by playing the opposite of so many of those creepy charactors that you are so well known for. Or am I out in left field on this one? Jodelle'm glad that I was given another chance, if you have the time to say that everyone believes in you and in your abilities, I feel that this time the project will fail entitled to them because you are a humble and kind now made go dear Jodelle honor. We are very proud of you. Good luck :-) We seemed to be stuck at $12,489 so I increased my pledge to $311 so that we could make that 50%. This user's account has been deleted. Excited to be back for round #2! Good luck! Happy to be back, happy to be able to pledge more than before! Think good thoughts, the universe is on your side Dani, as are we all! Hi Roberto. Thanks for your consideration. I pledged for Jodelle's screen-worn hoodie last time and I was lucky enough to be able to pledge for it this time too. I've repledged and I'm hoping ya'll can get the ball rolling to steam roller over your goal! Btw, have ya'll thought about talking to Giant Freaking Robot? 31,156% in less than 12 hours... SWEEEET! Good luck with this campaign! I was so tempted to pledge for Rowan's hoodie, but I actually want to wear a St. Melangell hoodie and I seriously doubt that Jodelle and I wear the same size, so I'll get the replica. Besides, I wasn't the fan that pledged for it last time, and I hope the person that did pledge for it last time got another opportunity for it this time. I'm really looking forward to your updates again. You keep the supporters very informed and it's really interesting and educational to watch you go slowly mad.