Hi guys, we're so happy you stopped by! Thanks to your help we will be able to make Ringbow a reality and revolutionize the way we use our touch devices. IGN - "definitely worth it" Robert Scoble - "I want one!" Mashable - "Ringbow will bridge the gap between touch control and accuracy while gaming" Pocketgamer - "you should check out the new "next-generation" gaming peripheral" Engadget - "Ringbow promises directional pad-assisted touch gaming" Joystiq - "solving the "pesky touchscreen D-pad" crisis" Geek - "the perfect compliment to touchscreen gaming" Gizmag - "take the best bits of a computer mouse and a gaming joystick and puts them into one device" So I guess Ringbow is a ring? Ringbow is the world’s first wearable accessory for touch devices that provides the functionalities of a mouse, keyboard and joystick simultaneously with your touch. Ringbow transforms touch screen gaming, allows remote control of your operating system, applications, music apps and presentation tools, allows you to operate and answer your phone remotely and turns your device into a multi-user or multi-player platform. Since touch screens are controlled with fingers, a finger-worn tool, specifically a ring, is the natural choice for complementing them. Operating Ringbow with your thumb, in conjunction with using a touch device, enables countless new features and a much more efficient user experience. Ringbow multiplies the functionality of your finger together with allowing amazing simultaneous actions providing powerful capabilities and layers of functionality that are simply not available in today’s technologies. Operating the ring with your thumb while using your finger to touch a device provides powerful capabilities and layers of functionality that are simply not available in today’s technologies. Ringbow multiplies the functionality of your finger together with allowing amazing simultaneous actions. Ringbow lets you free your fingers from your device, leaving your hands available to do whatever you feel like doing: eating a sandwich, drinking a beer, high-fiving your buddy or stroking a puppy. Whatever you'd choose to do with your hands! Ringbow innovates touch devices’ gameplay, offering unique additions to existing mobile games as well as developing new games that couldn’t previously be played on touch devices. Ringbow also makes porting consoles games and PC games to mobile devices easier than ever which can be done without affecting and damaging their great experience. Ringbow in a nutshell; * the world's first touch-screen gaming accessory * a comfortable ring that you wear on your finger whilst gaming * adds layers of functionality to each touch * acts as a mouse/joystick device to use for gaming * builds a new platform for existing and new games AT&T FOUNDRY & RINGBOW - We collaborated with the AT&T Foundry to explore the potential of Ringbow. Take a look at how they envision the Ringbow device - <url>’s controllers. This allows for an intuitive gaming experience and a sense of tactile feedback which greatly enhances the user experience. Ringbow works on Android, iOS (coming very soon) and supports any Bluetooth enabled device. It works natively with the operating system and with a large variety of existing applications, although our mission is to provide users with brand new cool features. To do that we've partnered with some leading game developers so that Kickstarter supporters will receive a package of exclusive games with their Ringbow. We also hope that you’ll use our API to enhance your own apps so we can add them to our games and apps directory. Ringbow offers a D-pad style controller, communicates via Bluetooth and lasts 5 hours per charge. The Ringbow box includes: - The Ringbow game-ring accessory device - Micro-USB cable for charging - Ringbow control panel application for Android & iOS devices - Game package (see below) including games that were especially designed to support Ringbow, native control of the operating systems and a list of many games that naturally supports Ringbow and works automatically. - Developers kit includes the Ringbow APIs and plug-ins, technical support, creative guidelines and 24 hours assistance from our team. We plan on shipping the product in time for the holiday season. This very first Ringbow model is described as a gaming accessory but it can do much, much more. You can use Ringbow for remote browsing while reading; to correct misspelled emails; to act as a remote control for your TV; to answer phone calls while driving; to transform your tablet into a gaming console for your kids; Back us and you'll be among the first to get your hands (or should we say fingers!) on a Ringbow For the last 2 years we have been researching the concept of Ringbow and developing the product. We’ve built a number of working prototypes in a variety of ergonomic designs, conducted an impressive commercial pilot with AT&T and recently completed the final Ringbow design and we are now ready to manufacture it for the masses! Prospective partners, distributers and users have recognized Ringbow's great potential, but in order to take the product to the market we need your help. Your support will allow us to establish a production line, manufacture the product and expand our games and applications offering so that Ringbow users will enjoy a new and exclusive experience. The funding goal represents the costs of tooling, plastic molds, product certifications and additional software development. KICKSTARTER BACKERS WILL BE THE FIRST TO RECEIVE RINGBOW DEVICES ALL OVER THE WORLD. We hope you find Ringbow a powerful and creative tool and hope that you choose to support it. We appreciate your help in spreading the word. Thank you! Engadget demo: <url>’s ‘Think Next’s’ top 20 Leading Technologies of the Future Winner of 2010 Mobile Monday Peer Award for “future potential” Ringbow Gaming Package All of our backers will receive the Ringbow Gaming Package which includes games designed specifically for the Ringbow functionality, and special editions of games that have been enhanced by Ringbow thanks to the special features of our device. The Ringbow Gaming Package includes so far: - Vector Runner Ringbow Blast: The highly popular Vector Runner by Littlegrey Media receives a boost with the new Ringbow features that introduce new skills for your runner, such as jumping, shielding and bonus combos available only in this Ringbow version. - Elastic Ocean: From Sebastian Janisz, a.k.a. Ultimate Walrus, the developer of featured indie games like Lackadaisium and Snake 2 comes this amazing action-adventure game with an incredible variety of new game mechanics to explore. Play as Lil' Winston the tiny deep sea diver, graduated from SDA (Stretchy Diver Academy). It's time to prove yourself by plunging into the depths of the ocean on a four-year search for sunken treasure. Bring back something valuable and maybe you'll prove to everyone once and for all that you can be a Stretchy Diver if you want to! - Ringboy: Jock is in love with Myra, the prom queen, and rudely kidnaps her. Albert, also known as Ringboy, sets off with his magical ring to save the prom queen and become her prom king. Control Ringboy with your Ringbow while touching everything to solve puzzles and test your reflexes. Completely interact with the wonderful environments that make up the Ringboy world. - Kingdom Elemental: The Ringbow Wars: From Chronic Logic comes the new episode in this action-packed strategy game, where you can finally enjoy full control of the battlefield on your touch screen device. Issue advance commands and enjoy special weapons and powers with the Ringbow supreme gameplay. Game details may vary throughout the campaign, as we are working diligently on bringing you more games and including them in our free launch package for Kickstarter backers only. Hello backers, I can finally share with you that we are in final stages of negotiation with a firm that will invest and take the lead on Ringbow. The merger will promise the delivery of your Ringbows, with continuation of our vision for new and improved rings. Kickstarter execution is our top priority and we included its delivery in the merger agreement. We expect the deal to be sealed very soon and it is now in the hands of the major shareholder of Ringbow Ltd. As for me, this experience has been one of the toughest I’ve had to face. As opposed to other parties involved, I invested everything I had in the execution of the project. At no point have I considered using the Kickstarter funds for other purposes or private manners, and I never stopped doing everything in my power to push Ringbow forward in a battle that is apparently long lost. I truly hope this merger will solve the internal issues that caused these delays. I respect my obligations as a shareholder of Ringbow and will not maliciously defame any of the parties involved. I respect the obligations to our Kickstarter backers, and will not be dragged to online slandering. I also respect Ringbow's investors, and despite my hands are tied in many ways and certain parties work against us, I'm completely committed to do everything in my power to promote the company and its purposes. My promise is to not give up until each one of our backers has a Ringbow on their hand. Best wishes to you all, Efrat, Ringbow Ltd. Hello backers, While our manufacturing partner is working on the plastics we are focusing on the little things. The package, your T-shirts, the ring stickers… As you can see below, the package is made of a box and a sleeve. All the boxes will have a neutral, glossy, white coating and an embossed blue Ringbow logo. Each of the boxes will be covered with a sleeve the color of the ring inside. Here's a mockup of the "Plurple" package, the package of the white-purple Ringbow. Want to help us make this package better? Please share your ideas for the design and/or text we should include. Thank you! Efrat, Ringbow Ltd. Hello backers, While production is getting back on track, we are reviving the complementary processes as well. As things are moving forward, today we received a first model of the Ringbow package and it looks great! Lately we discussed and reconsidered the packaging design we previously planned, and together with the package designer we decided to establish a new design. In addition to defining the way the ring will be placed inside the box, we required that the package will be small and minimal yet impressive, from a fine material that can be recycled. We also wanted a package that users can re-use, keep their Ringbow inside and carry it comfortably. Since we wanted to approve the package before progressing to its graphic design, this model was intended for testing the size and the functionality of the box, especially the efficiency of the platform that holds the ring. I'm happy to share that we played with it for a while and the box holds the ring firm in its place, providing great protection for shipping and handling. It's extremely easy to use, and the feeling when opening the box and seeing the ring sitting there is dazzling. (Exciting!). Please keep in mind this is just phase one, the model is currently made of a blank Bristol. Don't forget to use your imagination to envision how the package will look like not so far in the future ;) I'll be back in about a week or two, with a few options for the graphics, hoping you'll help me decide on the final design of the Ringbow packaging. Meanwhile I'll be happy to hear your thoughts, Best, Efrat Ringbow Ltd. Dear backers, First I’d like to send a huge thanks to the backers who, despite the delays and some of the negative comments, choose to support, believe, and even offer their help. It is very much appreciated. We are close to solving the situation we got into with the business partners, meaning we’ll soon get back on track. It also means that if no other obstacles occur, you should have your Ringbows by October/November 2013. While the production was delayed, we stopped most of the complementary processes that were running. As we see it, spending funds on developing advanced features while the core product was being delayed could easily have become a waste of resources. With our backers in mind, we believe it is our obligation to manage the funds even more carefully. And so, we decided to postpone things that were not a true necessity at the time. Since things look better now, we revived part of the processes. The first one I’ll share is the electronics’ testing device - The JIG. We already told you about it, though we haven’t shared how complicated building a JIG for the small Ringbow PCBs really was; the size of the electronic board, the size of the Dpad, testing Bluetooth HID connectivity (random codes) while considering time and cost for each testing round, all proved to be major challenges. Our amazingly talented engineers built a machine that will program the electronic boards’ firmware and will test them in a process composed of several tests running one after the other. The test sequence includes testing serialization, PCB information, power ON, power shutdown, programming, Led lights, Tamper keypad, 1.8V and testing the RF Module via Bluetooth Connection. The sequence is composed of several tests running linearly in the following order: Run test -&gt; Collect test results -&gt; Compare results against limits -&gt; Decide Pass/Fail -&gt; Send results to Database/Report -&gt; Decide to stop process or proceed to next test. To better illustrate it, here’s a sneak peek of the device itself: If you missed the short home-made video with a working Ringbow model, please find it here . I'll be back soon with further updates. Warm regards, Efrat [Ringbow ltd.] Dear backers, Finally we are starting to receive some Ringbow units…! Their look and feel is final, and is exactly what we were aiming for, though the color shade is not. The manufacturer will adjust the shades to fit the ones promised in the project. We especially want to nail the Blouis CK! We're going to be in touch very soon with a hotly anticipated update on the shipping dates. We will know more after the first batch is in our hands, which will hopefully be very soon. We will keep you posted. Thank you, Efrat &amp; Saar Hello Backers, While plastic molds are being polished, we have a few pictures of a Ringbow model to share, as promised. We’re also waiting to receive more Ringbows, in various colors, soon enough. You can see how the electronics are assembled inside, snug and in the right place. During the electronic testings we performed this past month we confirmed the firmware version. Our electronic engineers did a great job and it works perfectly! The thing that we still want to improve is the batteries. The charging time takes longer than expected by the specs and we want to reduce it so that the batteries will charge up in the quickest time possible. So, though we do have the batteries in stock, we're on the hunt for better options. (If anyone out there is dealing with LiPo batteries and can assist, please PM us.) The second and last thing we are trying to optimize is the option of using 2 Ringbows at once. Everything's working, it's just that using 2 Ringbows seems to slow the device down. Android copes better than iOS devices, but we want to perfect usage across the board. We are searching for creative solutions to deal with this and we’ll keep you posted on the subject. While all this is going on we’re working on the package design and user experience. We're also working on gathering all the cool swag for our Kickstarter backers. Thanks for your support, as always. Will be updating soon... Efrat &amp; Saar Things are rolling and it looks like we’re back on the right track! Our design team has approved all the teensy weensy details and today we’re kicking off the molding proces. There's more good news - the first batch of mass produced circuits arrived at our facilities and our engineers will dedicate the next few days to debug them one by one. While previous versions of the circuit were already tested and approved, they were assembled manually. This is the first batch of the Ringbow production line that is assembled automatically by machines. The engineers now need make sure everything works as it should - no short circuits, no burnt fuses, no component out of place, etc. - before approving the manufacturing of the rest of the Ringbow Kickstarter circuits. After that they will design and build a special device that will test the units automatically from both hardware and software respects (called a "JIG"). Since we’re not physically there at the site, we’re short on pictures. We're working on getting some soon. All the best, Efrat and Saar Hello dear backers, It's mid November and time for an important update. As you know, our goal was to deliver your Ringbows to you during November. Unfortunately, we're pushing the delivery dates back by just a matter of weeks. During the past few weeks we've made the difficult decision to do an about turn and work with a different manufacturing facility who is better able to fulfill our quality demands. We are set to bring you the best product possible, which is why we make no compromise in our requirements. We are now very encouraged by the speed and quality of the new manufacturer and are certain that the final product will be a much better product for it. So. Things are in production and we're doing everything we can so that you'll have your Ringbows as soon as possible. As we enter the final stages of the production we'll be sending you more detailed and frequent updates. Thanks for your patience and for understanding the circumstances. Best, Efrat &amp; Saar Hello dear Kickstarters, we've got some updates for you guys. SW support – After confirming the support of Ringbow for Android and iOS, we’ve spent the last weeks exploring advanced features to enhance the Ringbow experience, learning the limitations of the different operating systems and looking into how to work around them. The Ringbow Development Guide beta version is ready for DEV KIT and LIMITED EDITION backers. Expect to receive it in your mailbox within the next 12 hours [PM us if you don't receive it by then]. Production – Production is a fascinating process, especially in such a small device as Ringbow. While crafting the first Ringbow production line, our mechanical designers discovered a few manufacturing difficulties, which caused a small delay. After investigating our options, we’ve decided to make the smallest adjustment to the design, to allow the best quality plastic and rubber materials for the product [pictures below]. As you can see, due to ergonomic trial we held, we improved the shape of the button to provide a smoother feeling and ease of use. This button is not yet final but it’s the best we tried so far. Next – We hope the mechanical adjustments are good to go so that the tooling process will get back to work. Next up is packaging, T-shirting, and of course lots of testing. We’ll keep you posted with any news as soon as we have anything to report. Cheers, Efat &amp; Saar Hi guys, We've got some exciting news: So far we dedicated most our efforts on the HW side – figuring out the best way to establish an iOS support so you’ll have it on time as we promised (!) while keeping the ring as small as possible, which is why getting the models takes longer than anticipated. We are proud to share that 2 days ago we confirmed the iOS support. So it's finally official - Ringbow now fully supports iOS! This means you’ll receive the SDKs by the end of September. YAY! We're sure to bring you more good news and sights very soon. Efrat &amp; Saar Wow! What a crazy month this has been, can’t believe we have only 35 minutes to go. We want to thank each and every one of you for supporting us on this fantastic campaign. We'd like to take the opportunity and also send special thanks to our designer Andrew Hartman and the rest of the Ringbow team for the amazing work they are doing. In the next week we will send you all a survey, to add your shipping address and color choices, as well as a few other details that will help us make sure you get the best product experience possible. Now the real work begins. So stay tuned for production updates and news. Our very best regards, with a big THANK YOU, Efrat &amp; Saar Hey Kickstars, We are excited to enter the last 24 hours of our project with more than 120% of our original goal. Let’s have an amazing last day and make some noise so everyone around us will know what Ringbow is all about. SHARE, POST and SPREAD THE WORD. The more we raise the more YOU get! We also have some fan art to share with you. Here's some cool ads Jess Smiley just sent us. And last, some answers to questions that popped up a lot in the last couple of days – Buying more than one Ringbow – You can choose one of the Ringbows of your choice, adjust your pledge to include all the Ringbows you desire and send us a note. We will confirm your order and will update it manually. Using more than one Ringbow on a device – Devices support up to 8 Bluetooth connections at once, so you can pair more than one Ringbow to your device, and you can use it while you have other accessories paired like a mouse or earphones. API availability – The Ringbow API will be available to anyone who pledged $55 and up. The full DEV KIT is available through the DEV KIT pledge or the LIMITED EDITION pledge. Stickers, Stickers, Stickers – everyone want their stickers! Just add $8 to your pledge and you’ll get them! It’s also a great opportunity to remind you all to double check your pledges… Thank you all! Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, The countdown has begun! Only 48 hours left to pre-order your Ringbow and be part of our Kickstarter adventure... During the campaign we've learned a lot from you guys - hearing about all the varied ways you see yourself using Ringbow, besides gaming. In the last week we've spent time with professionals from the engineering industry and found out about their amazing ideas for how Ringbow can contribute to their work and play too. Whether you are a 3D editor, CAD engineer, graphic artist, sound designer or even a DJ, Ringbow offers many new features that will make life much easier, providing another unique dimension to your interaction, allowing you to have immediate access and tools at your fingertips. We are thrilled by the fact that people from all professions and with such a variety of interests are realizing the vast potential of a ring device as a complementary accessory. Ringbow is more than just a device, it’s a platform, and you are helping it to take shape. As always, we’ll be happy to hear your thoughts. Don't forget to tell your friends about Ringbow! Until next time, Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, Time goes by fast when you're having fun and so there's only 4 days to go! We’re already gearing up for production and stepping it up with our suppliers and manufacturers, hoping to have the first Ringbow models very soon. While we have passed our project funding target (and we thank you all for that!) this is a great opportunity for raising additional funds to bring you more features upon launch and support more functions. Please share your excitement about Ringbow and the Kickstarter campaign link, and tell EVERYONE - on your Facebook, Twitter or any other social outlet - you can even shout it on the streets, we don't mind. Anything helps! In the meantime, below is a sneak peek at what games will look and feel like with Ringbow. You can learn about the exciting functionalities and engaging gameplay mechanics that we have in mind. You are more than welcome to comment, advise and share your ideas with us. First Person Shooters It's time to dump the annoying virtual buttons and get your fingers on your enemies. Only with Ringbow you can change weapons on the fly while performing touch actions directly on the scene. Strategy Forget going back and forth from menus to the actual battlefield. With Ringbow you get complete control over your units and can manage your forces quickly and easily, with deep strategic depth and tactic complexity. Platform Are you nostalgic for that tactile d-pad feel? With the Ringbow d-pad you can regain the superior control that you're used to, while the touch screen allows your fingers to be free to move platforms, drag objects and pop enemies, for another layer of fun. Racing Ringbow introduces pick-ups, power-ups, tricks, stunts and even weapons to your everyday racing game. Action Ready for action? Now you can drag your units around while shooting, or touch the screen to aim. You can also join in a friend for some co-op challenge or a versus throw-down on a single tablet device. Also, our friends at Six-to-Start, who launched to fame with Zombies, Run! have also been playing with out prototypes. Here's what they had to say: "As co-creators of Zombies, Run!, we're interested in having players interact with games in new ways. Ringbow is definitely one of the most exciting pieces of new 'wearable' technology that we've seen yet, and we're keen on exploring what it can do." We’ll be back soon with more updates… Efrat &amp; Saar Hello dear Ringboys and Ringirls, We made it! You made it! We made it happen together!! Ringbow will become a reality and will soon be sitting in pride of place on all your fingers. Thanks to your amazing support, we hit our goal ahead of schedule and are over the moon about it. We can't wait to go into production and ship those babies to you. Now listen. Obviously, the more we exceed the goal, the more features we can add to the Ringbow package. So, don't feel like you can't keep telling your friends to get involved. No one is too late to join this party! Have an awesome weekend. We sure will ;-) THANK YOU ALL Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, We're 10 days to go and so close to hitting our goal. Thank you so much for your support - we're almost there. We've now got a few cool updates plus a fun new tier that will help you pimp your Ringbows! That's right. We've created a special pack of stickers that will help you pimp and personalize your Ringbows. Designed by the Ringbow team, these vinyl stickers will bling up your Rings, helping you add personality to your Ringbow of choice. If you've already backed for one of the tiers, just add $8 to your total amount and when the campaign closes, we'll ship the stickers to you with your Ringbow. (p.s any great, new sticker ideas might just get included as a bonus sticker!) We're happy to let you know that the Premium Limited Edition Ringbow will now come with all the Dev Kit features and perks (apart from the additional Ringbow). So, you no longer have to choose. We're also proud to show off our newly designed backer tees, which anyone who pledged for the 'dev kit' tier will receive along with their Ringbow. We've also increased the size of our family by bringing into the fold a new game developer. Please welcome iLLogika , the studio that brought you Steam Wars. This game will be available to download by the time you get your Ringbows. Here's what they have to say about Ringbow: "At iLLogika we are very interested by Ringbow because it's all about getting back a much needed off-screen control mechanism lacking in most touch devices, catering to a broader audience of gamers. For Steam Wars it will be used to let users control the robot and camera movement more easily and precisely as well as selecting items without having fingers blocking a part of the limited screen real estate. We are also looking forward to designing and creating new games around Ringbow. Stay tuned!" And finally, a couple of answers to some popular questions; # In both the MULTIPLAYER PACK and the FAMILY PACK you can choose a slate-black Ringbow as one of the colors. # Estimated Ringbow delivery date is November 2012 # Ringbow will support iOS upon launch So, we're off to do all we can to hit our $100k target (of course any help; twitter announcements, facebook posts, taking to the streets with posters and megaphones, would be hugely appreciated.) Have a great weekend! Efrat and Saar A couple of fun updates today to share with y'all. First of all, our contest came to an end so we're delighted to announce the winners of our 'What would *YOU* do with a Ringbow?' challenge. The 2 community winners who received the most likes are: Amy Sourpatchkids and Sam Rios. Well done! Thank you for the great ideas and to your friends who helped you winning! And our “Team Favorite” pick is: Joshua Zimmerman. Joshua, we heard ya and are happy to award you a Limited Edition Kickstarter Ringbow for you and your classroom... we're very much looking forward to see what you and your students do with it, and we'll be keeping an eye on the sky for that blimp . All 3 winners will receive the prize of a Limited Edition Kickstarter Ringbow! We were so impressed with everyone's fantastic, creative ideas for how to use Ringbow, and just because the competition is over it doesn't mean you can't keep sharing your ideas and suggestions. In addition, we're thrilled to welcome 2 new game developers that support and make the most of the Ringbow functionality. Both studios will be adapting their games to Ringbow, bringing lots more functions and complexity to the game play. Let's hear what they have to say.... From StoneGoose Studios, an independent game development studio. "So why are we excited by Ringbow? Imagine if Ringbow had been around at the time of 16 bit games. What developments would have been made? With Ringbow we can combine the sweet simplicity of the old games with a brand new way to play games. This is innovation that is not based on graphics power. We can't wait to start developing games for Ringbow, games that look and feel like the games of the old days but come with a unique new way to play". From Inertiactive , the multi-platform game GraviDrop goes Ringbow. Allowing users to be the masters of gravity, GraviDrop deeply incorporates Ringbow into its gaming experience by using the device to manipulate and alter the different types of gravity that the user can select. This creates an almost three dimensional experience by adding that physical touch, and freeing up much needed space on the screen at the same time. GraviDrop's unique gameplay looks like it was meant for Ringbow and we really think it was. With that said, GraviDrop meet Ringbow. Ringbow meet GraviDrop. Thanks again for taking part in our competition and have a great 4th of July weekend. Efrat and Saar Hi guys and Happy Weekend! We've been listening to all your helpful feedback and lots of you have been coming up with great ideas of how to use Ringbow. So this week we created a short film that shows off some of the other ways that we designed Ringbow to help you get the most out of your devices. Aside from mobile gaming, our hope is that Ringbow will accompany you throughout your mobile, touch screen and application life, making everything you do more efficient, intuitive and straightforward. Well, have a watch and let us know what you think. We had so much fun making this film that we decided to launch a weekend competition to give you a chance to share your own ideas for Ringbow and reward your creativity with some fantastic prizes. More information below the film... <url>’m truly sorry for the long wait. I’m doing my best to move things as quick as possible, dealing not only with production but with the legal issues discussed in previous updates, trying to make everything right again. Promise to update soon. Efrat. @Jean-Philippe We're working on that... @Ash, @LFA2012 things are progressing behind the scenes. Now that the summer holiday is over things will move faster. Hope to share various package designs next week. Hey, it's Efrat again. Below you can find my answers to Derek C's list of Qs. 1. Q: You say you put all your efforts into “promoting Ringbow”, yet there has not been 1 Facebook post, 1 tweet, or any public showings of Ringbow since the campaign. Why? And why did you use a fake Facebook page on this KS profile? A: I appreciate your concern regarding public showings and taking it in consideration. The Ringbow Facebook page was created while and for the KS campaign. It serves mostly other people and not our KS backers, people that are waiting for the final product and are not interested in the process of making it. We believed KS is the right way to communicate. None the less, we never imagined the project will take so long and every time we thought the launch is right around the corner and we’ll start using the Facebook page to engage with everyone, we hit another bump and head to deal with it. I appreciate your input and comment and take it into consideration. We will increase our activity in the Facebook page as well. Regarding my own Facebook page, it’s genuine, and like a lot of other FB users my profile is private and can be seen only by my friends. Like other KS backers you can friend me and find out yourself :) <url>’s a fact, and the information is also in the public domain for any registered company by Israeli law. Saar and I co-wrote any and all KS updates that were published until now. 3. Q: In the update before last, you said you would get back to us with shipping dates. Were you just stringing us along? If not, how did you not know you ran out of money? A: As described in the last update, we have established a business partnership with a manufacturing firm with the promise that if we'll hit the $100k mark, they will manufacture the rings for us. Ringbow is not out of money yet. The option of taking plastic moldings to our hands requires additional funds. Thanks to that business partnership we are able to provide the rings with the funds we currently hold. However, I'm afraid that the posts issued in the past few days jeopardized our standing with this partner. I dedicate my days now to repair our relationship. 4. Q: Why would a KS creator sign an NDA knowing they are supposed to keep their backers informed on progress? That is what KS is about!!! A: The delay in the Ringbow production is out of a dispute between two other corporations. We are suffering from the collateral damage. We respect our business partners and would not discuss their issues publicly. 5. Q: With all this ‘waiting’ why is there no SDK? A: I'm afraid that the SDK was under Saar's responsibility. It's now clear to us that he's not going to fulfill this duty too, and I'm working on a solution. all. Why not? It should be so easy to make one. A: See a YouTube video at <url>’s just a delay in production. Now, facing the damage from the past few days' posts - I’m not sure anymore. I’m doing my best to get it back to 100% while considering further actions. Hello backers, this is Efrat. I was surprised and quite frankly shocked to read the post Saar Shai published, slandering our company, Ringbow Ltd., and myself personally. As surprised as we were to find out Saar has launched his own private campaign, we were especially surprised that Saar posted such information while being an officer in Ringbow, and disclosing confidential information of Ringbow without any approval of Ringbow. Ever since I read his post I couldn’t stop thinking about how he harms our company, Ringbow Ltd., for his own benefit and at the expense of Ringbow, its investors, partners and backers. The easiest thing to do is shrug off responsibility and let others take the blame for your misconduct. This is especially true in the face of bumps in the road, let alone some of the hardships encountered in this project. I am proud to say I did not give up or leave when things became difficult. I am still here, pushing hard to make this dream a reality. It’s still not easy, but I’m not quitting yet. I stand behind my responsibility and commitment to our investors and backers, and respect my duties as an officer in Ringbow. Saar's post is full of fictional, inaccurate, misleading and slanderous information. Out of respect to our backers, investors, business partners and other third parties involved, I will not respond to specific statements and accusations made in the post. I feel that doing so will only further damage Ringbow. In addition, I fully maintain all confidentiality obligations of Ringbow. One cannot claim loss of control when one controls the share majority and serves as a board member. Indeed, Saar holds 70% of the company, a matter of public knowledge. The claimed “loss of control” may seem, under this light as loss of interest or motivation. I believe in the Ringbow project and I think our backers, our friends and family investors deserve to know their efforts and resources, and yes, also their money, were not wasted, that their trust was not abused and that we, the founders, or at least I, put all my efforts in promoting Ringbow and bringing it to success. Although I have a lot more to say, maintaining a level of professionalism is of utmost importance to me. It saddens me that Saar has chosen this manner for communicating his irks, with baseless claims that damage the company and mislead the readers, for his personal agenda and interest. Notwithstanding, my responsibilities as CEO and shareholder prevent me from discussing these inner proceedings in a more public manner. I will have to consult with the company’s legal counsels, partners and shareholders to consider further actions. In the meantime, I ask for your continued patience and support, nothing more. I promise to do my utmost to resolve this issue while avoiding damaging our supporters and the company further. I will be happy to answer your questions. Warm regards, Efrat Hey backers, We're also deeply frustrated with how long it takes to produce the rings, but we haven't surrendered yet. The Ringbow project is still on and we're working hard to make it happen. We are still waiting for the final plastic molds to be ready. Please keep your patience a little more. Guys, Things are progressing behind the scenes currently. Curving the plastic molds takes weeks. Our Electronic engineers are finalizing the product’s firmware, adjusting the fine details. We are waiting for new models to arrive from the factory and we’ll share pictures the moment we’d lay our hands on them. Guys, your speculation theories are very creative but are far from reality. Molding should start during next week. We'll update when the date is final. Thanks @Orion Free. The new design files are now "in the oven" and a 3D model will be ready in a few hours. We'll test the new parts in the beginning of next week and will post an update with new pictures. @greg gibson Well, website is down due to an error but Efrat's Facebook profile is live and active. @Jerry - We've launched a Kickstarter campaign in order to help us fund the development and manufacturing of the Ringbow product, and with that make our vision a reality. Thanks to your support, for which we are eternally grateful, we were able to raise the required amount to cover the expected costs, and we appreciate everything you've done to help us reach that goal. Immediately after the campaign concluded we went to work. The funding went to cover the expenses for components, sub-contractors, tooling, molds, firmware, software, etc. As of today, most of the funds we raised on Kickstarter have already been utilized. If a scenario occurs in which a large number of backers requests a refund, we unfortunately will not be able to accommodate that request. Therefore, we think it is unethical to allow refunds to some of our Kickstarter backers while knowing that we will not be able to do so for everyone. We hope you understand and accept our limitations in that regard. Our suggestion is to wait until the units is ready to be distributed and if at that point there would be some Kickstarter backers who would request a refund instead of receiving the product, we'll be happy to consider it. @Derek C - We are not taking a holiday during Christmas and New Year's, yet our sub-contractors will not be available through that period. We have not received the samples yet and we are expecting them quite soon, at which point we will immediately post the pictures. Also, our backers will be the first to receive their Ringbows before anyone else. Hi all, We are truly very sorry to get your comments and feedback and we absolutely take all the comments to heart. We hoped to be amongst the projects that deliver on time or even earlier. Believe us, no one wanted to be on time and to exceed expectations (and at least meet them) more than we did! Unfortunately, since it was clear that we needed to make some changes to the production line and improve the product and its functionality, the process is taking longer than expected. We can assure you that we did our best to avoid any obstacles, but even our best efforts haven't protected us from a couple of stumbling blocks. We are doing everything we can, around the clock, to get the product ready asap. We're listening. We pledge to you that we will get your Ringbows to you as soon as humanly (and mechanically) possible. Thanks for your understanding and patience. Hey @Jose De La Mora, we posted an update a few days ago... Hey guys, just landed after almost 30 hours of flights... Currently everything is scheduled as planned. Will publish the update tomorrow... And again, Derek's here to the rescue :) Ringbow supports iOS, Android and Windows. @Raymund - You'll receive an email @Pogopuschel - No problem! Thanks for the notice. @Murray Smart - estimated delivery time is late November (2012) Sorry guys, so many things going on we haven't been able to get to updating. We'll be bringing you up to speed momentarily... @Fabian we'll have pictures soon ;) Thanks @Charlie :) @Charlie definitely, we have approached the Ouya team in order to explore Ringbow integration. It's an amazing project and we agree Ringbow can really be amazing to use with it. @Raymunt it is in the works, and we feel that a two-Ringbows combo might be the new generation gamepad that also allows for hand-gesture and visual recognition interfaces. Haha @Raymund This is not too much. Thank you for sharing your excitement with us! **** BIG THANK YOU to all of our KickSTARS ! **** @Raymund SORRY, The dev kit is available through the Dev Kit and the Limited Edition tiers. You will get early access to the API if pledging for the Multiplayer @Raymund Yes, Pledge for the Multiplayer Kit - $100 @Varun Yes, This will include two Slate Black Ringbows Thank you guys, we are so excited! Can't believe only 2 hours have left for the project. @Clint Thanks for the note. In the next couple of days we'll send all backers a survey to fill their details, so either now or later works. Thanks for backing us! @Roy, @Mariano - Great, we've updates your order. Thanks for backing us! @Alex - Choose the Limited Edition tier and increase your pledge to include both. (For example: For a Limited Edition + A Slate Black you should pledge $195) You can contact us in private if you have further questions on the subject. @Alan Thank you! Good answers ! :) @Trippsterr No need for an email, we marked your order @Ryan Tan - Yes, please pledge $90 and we'll update your order. The $10 shipping cost will include both of the Ringbows you order. Thanks for backing us! You are welcome to contact us by mail for more details. @Charles You will be entitled for two family packs. We will confirm your order privately after receiving it. You are welcome to contact us by mail for more details. Thanks for backing us! @Angel - The Ringbow control-panel is built on the keyboard protocol of every platform, you'll be able to use it with a desktop computer or laptop. Of course, you'll be able to assign any commands to these keys with the dev-kits and the Ringbow control panel, Backers of the dev-kit tier will get the API much earlier, and be continuously updated on new versions of it (they will also receive our technical and creative support). @Susan THANK YOU !!! we are so excited. and of course a BIG THANK YOU to all of our backers ! @Greg you can increase your pledge and we'll mark your order. By the end of the project we'll also send all backers a form to fill their details and notes. @Ian The LED light is an indication of the ring's state. Ringbow includes 3 LED colors stating different modes. @Kristine of course, you can get as many stickers pack as you want. Thanks @Derek, it's so nice to have your here :) @Derek Perfect answer! Thanks ;) @Greg You can choose any color you want for the multiplayer pack! The first generation Ringbow is complementing the functionality of touch devices, designed especially to enhance mobile gaming and daily use. The most suitable input mechanism for that is a D-pad. Next generations of Ringbow will include additional or alternative means of input, such as a track point, capacitive touch sensors, motion tracking sensors, etc. With Kickstraters support we’ll be able to launch Ringbow and its next generations to the market. Good point Stefan -rest assured the Ringbow readily supports the iCade protocol, so any game that supports the iCade practically supports Ringbow! Zach - we will release the t-shirt design very soon. Thank you Stephen! We marked your request and will contact you with more details after the project ends. Hi Pablo and Malcolm, The current Ringbow model is the first of many generations to come. We've got so many ideas, tricks and technology opportunities up our sleeves. With next generations of the Ring, we'll be able to add different input technologies, whether gesture recognition, motion sensitivity, and so on, so an accelerometer is definitely possible and on our roadmap. We promise to keep you posted on future accelerometer implementation :) Hi all, Thanks again for supporting us. Ringbow will support iOS upon its launch. We're also putting much effort into completing the iOS API to make it available for developer backers as soon as possible. Hi Guys, Thank you for supporting us! We are updating the FAQs on the page by your questions here. Ringbow is an HID device. Currently it is designed to suport mobile platforms and we are working on support for PC environments. You'll be able to control it with powerpoint or any other software on your PC. Do we know if Efrat was truthful about talking to another firm about taking on Ringbow, or if it actually happened? I ask, because of this: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Why is this campaign listed as successful whereas our money was taken and we received nothing—not even the t-shirt? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: oh.... wait... I don't have any. It's not a store. Oh, well. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Agreed. her facebook page is here in case you were curious <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I encourage those who are becoming aware that Kickstarter has little to no accountability (aside from a few upstart lawyers in locations with convenient laws) to start contacting congresspeople regarding adding crowdfunding platform accountability to the Federal Bureau of Consumer Protection, under the FTC. This is a new vehicle of consumerism and our current laws and policies allow far too much latitude for campaign creators and the crowdfunding platform itself. If Kickstarter and its defenders wish to proclaim that Kickstarter is "not a store" then we need to have what it actually is and what regulations and responsibilities are applicable clearly determined to the satisfaction of the citizenry. Clearly the honor system and pleading and hoping will get us nowhere. Further, as indicated by the frequency of scampaigns and deadbeat creators, while the Kickstarter staff collect their cut with no accountability (tax exempt, I might add), it appears that the word is out and the utopia that could have been is now the wild west. Crowdfunding can be what we all have always envisioned; we just need to take action. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use. Https://Kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012 "Project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer who's reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I demand a full refund of my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I'm sure this won't work, but can't hurt, right? Invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use. Https://Kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012 "Project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer who's reward they do not or cannot fulfill" I demand a full refund of my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Interesting. Don't do anything rash. tracked the people who ran this to this office location in the UK 39 Page's Lane, London, United Kingdom, N10 1PU going to pay them a visit next time i'm out there. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I also invoke my right to stop using kickstarter. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I doubt this will amount to mugh, but would still like to try! invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Last login Dec 10 2017 hey efrat, go fold yourself in half and stuff yourself into a big gulp. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Man, this things gonna be awesome. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I guess there's not any way to get the money back for this, huh? Hey efrat, Can we get an update on when the pimp your ringbow sticker pack will ship? Really excited about it!!! Can we class action this ****? Garbage hey heres that **** ring. Can't believe that KS let him screw the public on 2 other projects. Of course, no responses to my DMs to either KS or him. I hope the "dev team" (in quotes as it's obvious that this never made it past vaporware) enjoyed their **** and blow that they used our money for. I'm thinking about starting a Kickstarter for a product I'm calling "Nothing". No product, no communication, no updates. I already have a working prototype,and fulfillment will be instantaneous. Can I assume that the Ringbow community will happily buy in? I think pledges will start at $55 ($50 for Early Birds!). Hard to believe they let that dude do another kickstarter! Unreal, and, shocker, he didn't fulfill on the last one. Wow! a total fucking crime wave. I think I'll go with the shit brown ringbow, hey Efrat, you suck! been 5 years. 5 YEARS. I don't even remember why I wanted this in the first place. Is the **** ring is out now or is it still stuck? Lol @ Rob I strongly encourage everyone to email Kickstarter here: <url>"Backing a Project", then "Feedback". Let them know that one of the project creators made another account without fulfilling his duties to his old project (see here: <url>"Last login Jul 18 2016" Creator is still stalking. Man, I can't believe it's been four years now since Efrat Barit stole $135,002 (minus fees). Apparently it's super easy to defraud people through Kickstarter, and Kickstarter will do nothing about it. Ever. "Last login Jul 12 2016" The creator is stalking this without posting any updates. Or maybe Chrome is accidentally logging them in. November 19th 2013 "Blah, blah, blah... blah, blah... I respect my obligations as a shareholder of Ringbow and will not maliciously defame any of the parties involved. I respect the obligations to our Kickstarter backers, and will not be dragged to online slandering. I also respect Ringbow's investors, and despite my hands are tied in many ways and certain parties work against us, I'm completely committed to do everything in my power to promote the company and its purposes. My promise is to not give up until each one of our backers has a Ringbow on their hand. Best wishes to you all, Efrat, Ringbow Ltd." So I appreciate the sentiment, and am sorry to hear of your tribulations n' all, but, nonetheless, I need a refund, like seriously. Nothing. I just want this off my list. I love dates. -July 22, 2012 Successfully raised $135,003 USD with 2,279 backers Estimated delivery: -Nov 2012 -November 19th, 2013 Ringbow update Hello backers, I can finally share with you that we are in final stages of negotiation with a firm that will invest and take the lead on Ringbow. -Last login May 19 2016 Now for 3 more years of DEAFENING SILENCE. Hey guys, you should check out the "Ringbow" bio on here: "Last login May 19 2016" Hi Efrat! How's tricks? Total scam. They pocketed $130K and never delivered a single thing. They didn't even show any progress. Nothing at all. That is blatant theft. Is it legal to Kickstart a lawsuit? Well, at least one of the patents has lapsed in Australia: <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter" button at the bottom of the main campaign page. Select "Post funding problems" (or whatever the phrasing is). The more people we can get to click that, the more likely they will check it out. Really? This is how backers get treated? I've also filed a complaint about this KS. You can too: <url>#crnt whatever happened to this? I gave $50 for nothing? "Last login Aug 20 2015" Come on Efrat, we know you're still watching. <url>#crnt <url>#/search?q=20110007035 All 3 of them show the same person but each with a different address. And I did report the project awhile ago but it seems Kickstarter does not care. Why KS doesn't provide refund function?? It's not friendly to user who has to afford all the risk! Based on the information here (Ringbow Ltd's two patents) <url>#/search?q=20110210931 <url>#/search?q=20130135223 This guy: DR. MARK M. FRIEDMAN MOSHE AVIV TOWER, 54F, 7 JABOTINSKY RAMAT GAN, 52520 ISRAEL is somehow affiliated with the patents. Maybe a different tree to bark up since obviously neither Efrat nor Saar gives a flying [wearable bluetooth gaming control device]. Has everyone reported this project using the button at the bottom of the page on the "Campaign" tab? Get this on Kickstarter's radar. Derek - not just that fail to fulfill promises, but that blatantly lie about it too, so I think Ringbow qualifies after those obviously CGI boxes. So the FTC is finally going after Kickstarters that fail to fulfill any of their promises. Can we get Ringbow on their radar now? I've backed 50+ projects in 11 categories and this is the only one that failed. Still love kickstarter. I see these projects as a bit of a gamble anyway. If you want a proven guaranteed product kickstarter isn't the place to look. This whole thing is a scam... no reason to be considerate and respectful for such irresponsible a**holes... To all the people going and yelling about Saar Shai and his new game, if you were actually following along with the updates you would know he was kicked off the project when the two had differing ideas. Saar has made and i hope he will continue following through with projects he is still on. So I messaged KS and they told me that they sent ringbow a message. they suggested that we try to contact these guys aswell. : wow... I can't believe they are doing it again! <url>"too good to be true" game is just that, it looks super incredible the quality of the models and figures is crazy! mmmmm reminds me of another ring type Dpad controller... that things just started to drop... and slowly it seemed it got delayed... and more delayed... and..... we should all flood Saar Shai with messages on his King Down project on Kickstarter. Seems hes raised quite a bit of money on his other project, but gives no time to this failing effort !!! <url>"alert their staff" about this, but I honestly don't think that they have any leverage at this point. Anyone in NY up for a class action suit? The RingBow folks can't hide behind foreign domicile if they have a red cent of assets here. Hmmm, I only just remembered I backed this when I was looking at an article of wearables that you'll never wear. <url># 11287594 with the Indiana Attorney General's Office against Kickstarter. If you are a resident of Indiana, I encourage you to contact them and reference this case number. If you are not a resident of Indiana, you might still contact the Indiana Attorney General to lend more backing. If you contact your state's AG, please share the Indiana case number. Happy 2015, everyone. Is everyone enjoying their lack of ringbow? I sure know I am. *sarcasm* Man those dudes suck If any other Backer wants to take control of the domain "ringbow-sucks.com", please send me an email to the address on the site. Otherwise it will be allowed to expire, because this isn't worth more of my money now it's fairly clear Ringbow / Efrat cannot be shamed in to talking to us. no update since 2013 are you kidding they just up and left with all our money Sadly time moves on, this now seems almost pointless, sadly I do feel let down and would have liked something for my hard earned money,giving it to charity would have been better than this. I think it might be time to refer this Kickstarter project for review as it appears that this amounts to nothing but a swindle to say the least - not to mention that the website is taking preorders.... I just watched a video for a internet capable ring and remembered this Kickstarter... I can't believe I've been waiting on it for YEARS.. Kickstarter even thinks I already received it under my list of pledged items. By the time this actually is sent out (assuming it's not a complete scam) it'll probably be irrelevant... Sorry for the rant, but ugh!! Man the final stages of that negotiation sure must be complex and definitely not an excuse to steal $135,002 or anything! It's 2 years late... Almost a year since the last update... What a scam... Looking at the fact that I backed this project over 2 years ago, and received if I recall three updates since then. I am shocked and deeply sadden by the flagrant disregard showed by both Efrat, and Kickstarter to provide zero resolution to this. I have cut my losses, and chalked this up to another chapter in my book of experience. Is there any update for this? Its been months !!!! Threemoons, would you be zo kind as to keep us up to date? To be honest I haven't dared to back any other KS project, let alone a tech one. It'd be nice if we got updates, even if they aren't from the creator ;) I don't care about the money, but this thing was meant to be a present... The person it was intended for has already forgotten so I'm planning on giving her a bigger new year's gift this year since this was a bust. I still want to know what happened though, if it was a scam from the start or if something went horribly wrong.. Welp, I just reached out directly to KS on this one. I live in NYC, and have actually met members of the KS staff (they are fantastic people btw) so hopefully this will get bumped to the top of the enforcement pile. And yes to those who say they are now gunshy for any tech KS's. All of the ones that I have backed have been late--every last one--and replaced by reliable commercially-available, proven products before they even got released. Note that I've backed 133 projects to date, including KS's very first one (Kind of Bloop) and the ones that have consistently had the most headaches were ANYTHING tech. Maybe KS needs to update its TOS RE any campaigns that involve a hardware product with a programming/API element? Notably, any other projects that I've backed save one (Schuyler Towne's Locksport) have been close to the target release date and I've been 100% happy with the results. Any of the backers live in Washington state? This could be an option since its been 10 months without an update and they have taken our money and ran. I'm all for contacting this lawyer to get our money back from these thieves. <url>נוכלים, גנבים שהכסף ילך לכם לתרופות @Alienmaster, this was a scam project, all she did was take our money and left with it, this is the reason why i do not back any more technology projects, nothing but headaches with them. also i doubt we will ever get this stupid ring or our money back, so like i said was a SCAM project. find this in web <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." <url>"Efrat Barit" on google. just open some links and im sure you will find all <url>"We discussed this issue publicly as we cannot provide refunds to some of our backers while we might not be able to refund others. When the project ends and we are ready to ship the product, we will be able to consider all the refund requests together (compared to the cash we'll have available) and if we are able to handle them we will refund your funds." We all got scammed. @Scott Thompson I wrote them exactly that a week ago... Kickstarter protects the "entrepreneurs", not the pledgers... They made their money and couldn't care less about consumers rights and protection... I've stoppped pledging here... People: tell KS how you feel at <email> Some news would be nice. Any updates? It's been over half a year since you were "in final stages of negotiation"... Bad news is better than no news... <url>"Contact me" link under the creator's name in the bio section. Best, Alfie Not being in the US does limit my ability to take an action in the US. But - <url>~ Meet Nod, the Bluetooth Ring That Wants to Replace Your Mouse <url>#666. Perfect. To the creator, This was my very first kickstarter backing. While I'd like to express my frustration about what has been going on I feel everyone makes mistakes and I personally am willing to forgive. However do not think I will forget this venture in the event you decide to do business again. One hundred dollars is actually a lot of money to me and the feeling of it being wasted is empty. Therefore if you decide to make another venture like this again think long and hard of what this will take to actually make the endeavor a success. -Ray deAsis So I contacted Saar Shai who use to be part of Ringbow and this is what was stated to me: Saar Shai says: Hi, Thanks for getting in touch. I'm terribly sorry, but I have nothing to do with Ringbow any more. The only person who can answer your questions is the project creator or the Ringbow Kickstarter campaign. I suggest that you try sending a message to her. In my honest opinion, I am not sure that Ringbow will ever see the light of day. I'm truly sorry about that. Thanks for your support, Saar 6 months without an update for a two year overdo product. What words come to mind... Unprofessional, What else? Update please! What firm bought Ringbow? You would think the final negotiations from 6 months ago would be a done deal. Especially since the other founder has successfully funded another project... We can't allow this... WOW? Really? blooming heck they GOT OUR MONEY! There are a lot of links to media sites initially reporting on Ringbow. We need to target each and every one until someone has the journalistic integrity to do a follow up piece on this entire shambles. I'm not sure how to react to this project. I feel like we shouldn't let this go as members of the kickstarter community. This wasn't a donation. We were promised something in return. There's not even a good explanation. I'm also interested in legal action, just on principal. Especially since the other founder has successfully funded another project... We can't allow this... Looks nice, and alot sleeker than ringbow. However this (Ringbow) was my first project I ever backed and I was sceptical to begin with.. But I decided I should at least give it a go. Seeing as how people are actually withdrawing their pledges on that project due to a lack of communication I don't dare to invest in it. Actually, since this has left such a foul taste in my mouth I will never back another project on Kickstarter alltogether. just came across this on Macrumors' homepage: <url>"reward" of our choice. Absent evidence that the creators of this project solicited our donations by means of material misrepresentations (I haven't investigated to determine if this exists) or in breach of their contract with Kickstarter (assuming we could make the case for being the third party beneficiaries of such contract), I don't really see how anyone could succeed on any legal action against Ms. Barit and her former partner. Also, @Matthew M. makes the well-taken point that even if you were to state cognizable claims and succeed on your legal action in the correct jurisdiction, thereby being awarded a judgment against Ms. Barit and her partner, it would likely be uncollectable. Don't expect any attorney worth his or her salt to take your case. In all likelihood, we're SOL. I'd love to get in on legal action, but at this point I think I've run out of shits to give. Efrat, I hope you live a long, healthy life with plenty of time to live with how you stole US$135,000 from people who trusted and believed in you. @Thaiis, can you be a little more detailed with your plans? What legal action would you like to take? Against who? All indications are that Efrat is not in the United States, and even if you were able to initiate legal action against her (in another country, using another county's laws), and even if you win a judgement, chances are you'd never collect, because she likely doesn't have the money any more. I'd like to sugest that we get together and co-operatively initiate legal action in the US in order to obtain refunds. Any takers? Hi Efrat, my post code will change soon because I am moving. How do you handle stuff like this? Should I jst sent you a message via kickstarter with the new address or do you have plans to make a new survey later on asking for stuff like this? @ash don't expect to hear anything soon, I have pretty much figured that this project is nothing more than a scam, they never get back to you, never update on here........what a waste of money Any sort of progress report would be appreciated?? come on post something anything here Efrat, being silent and wishing we wold all just go away is not going to work, tell us WHAT THE HELL is going on with this project, getting pretty tired of one line updates, quit being silent, come and speak dammit All I can say is, the $45 I spent I consider access to the comments section here. It's a great read (and frustrating). I just feel bad for the people that dropped $100 or more on this "product". I wonder if there's anything we could do to get someone at AT&T involved in this. I wonder if they put any money into the project considering Ringbow roiginally was part of the AT&T foundry and they put together the video at <url>"T YOU RESPOND???? Has anyone had any luck with refunds? HEY I WANT A REFUND!!!!!! Stupid project was a scam from the start, should have never pledged for this damn thing Was interested to here updates , would be interesting to here the struggles or even to have come back and say we need more money please give more if you want to help. Or even open source it? @Matthew M.: I do realize that it's a gamble, frankly a lot of people know this but assume everything will turn out ok. Nevertheless, that's not my issue with this project at all here. My issue lies with how things go from "where almost done" to "there's a problem with the plastics" to "we can now test te electronics" to "well.. we're going bankrupt and merging the company". Especially without any information about what happened in between. That is the core of my problem: the lack of information. Don't feel bad for yourself, feel bad for the person who dropped $4,300 for the Distributor Package. Though I do agree, some closure would be nice. I'd settle for an "We give me" type post. @Mark: Insurance? Nobody is going to insure investors in a startup. @Scott: good luck with that. Remember, you didn't buy something from a vendor, you invested in a startup company. There seem to be more than a few people here who don't understand what Kickstarter is and what the risks are of investing in a startup company. I'm not here to whine and cry, I'd just like an additional update. We went from a packaging discussion to a discussion about acquisition.. /here's hoping that my Discover chargeback goes through... : At this point, some CLOSURE would be nice... they need to just admit they messed up, and they were unable to complete the project, offer what refunds they can (unless they blew the full $135k, and if they did they should just confess they mismanaged or took a trip to Israel or bought a gold plated AK-47, whatever they did the $) and just help us move on and I REALLY hope that Kickstarter will take notice and just deny these people access to their website and to be able to take anyone else's $. Funny, I am not able to report it at the moment. Maybe because I reported it in the past? On another project reporting it at least led to kickstarter forcing the creator to update. I think I'll try it here again. Maybe if several people report it at once we have more success? Even if the Ringbow and its intellectual property do get sold to another company I see no reason why the new owners would have to, or choose to buy Efrats debt to us as part of the sale. We are all screwed. Isn´t there any insurance that covers our loss? Maybe Kickstarter should think about such problems with other projects in the future! @levi your right about that, it's the same think that was said months and months ago.....just figure we are never gonna get the ringbow or our money back....we all got dupped, seems to have been a scam all along. Would not be so bad if they would, oh I don't know maybe communicate more..... Hey Ringbow, on your comment a few days ago. Isn't that what you said 6 months ago. Naw Matthew, I think we all got scammed..... @Joshua: If I were that person, I'd be pissed. And I'll bet that most people that pledged the $240 for a 'FAMILY PACK' were, you guessed it, Efrat's family. Anyone that pledged that amount would be pretty angry, and rightfully so. What I'd like to know is who the heck submitted the $4,300?? This has got to be a family member to artificially increase demand so it would appear more popular, because if it's not, why isn't s/he more vocal on these boards? Sure we all lost $25-$50, but $4,300?? If you are the backer for this, please respond! For all of those who think you got scammed: I think a more likely explanation is that the founders simply underestimated what it would take to complete this project and they ran out of money. That's not so much a scam as it is poor planning. Secondly, remember we're backing a startup company. Startups fail all the time. When that happens, the investors usually lose their money. It happens a zillion times a year. That's the risk you take when you back a startup. Kickstarter isn't a store. In my opinion, Efrat's crime is not that she was unable to financially manage a startup. Like I said, that happens. I do think she did two things wrong. First, by starting this project while living in Israel, when Kickstarter's rules clearly required founders to be in the United States, she committed fraud. Second, she just keeps digging herself a deeper and deeper hole by not communicating with us. I can't for the life of me understand what she hopes to get out of this. Efrat, if you want to turn things around here, start being transparent with your backers. Here, straight from Kickstarter's FAQ: "If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding." Efrat, you have been neither honest nor transparent with us. Efrat, if you're having production difficulties, your backers might be able to help you find solutions. Why are you cultivating enemies here when we could be your best resources? If you want to turn this situation around, start posting regular updates telling us EVERYTHING. I won't hold my breath, though. Hi, I am not happy with the $%!@ delay for this project and, to be honest, I was (and still am) rather considering I lost my money. By the way, the fact that we still get some answers (not updates...) from the founder, see the Ringbow post below 4 days ago, is probably to be considered with some hope. Who, except some psychopath, would keep publishing about a non existent project two years later? Nevertheless I don't hope much more than that, but I find it interesting that Efrat did not just go hide and never spoke here again. So, perhaps there is some good will there (or perhaps that's what they intend to show...) Cheers, Matt So whats the deal here? Are we just supposed to forget about our investment? been burned twice on kickstarter......really starting to hate this site..... Last update was 3 months ago.. this project has been abandoned. Funded! This project was successfully funded on Jul 22, 2012. Still waiting!!!!! yea it's a scam...... First time commenting on this project and I have to say I am really feeling let down and scammed. This seemed like a neat, fun little project that would let me play around with some games on my ipad/iphone. Thing is, that was three phones and two ipads ago. Where the heck is some solid information on the status of this project? WE ARE YOUR INVESTORS, give us information or a way to back out of the project and get our money back. Seriously, over a year and a half after the end of the project and we have a few junky looking photos of prototypes made with a thousand dollar 3D printer and a mock up of a box. Oh, and the ever present "hope" of "good news soon". Just give us the news, good, bad. Tell us you screwed us so we can move forward. Some one needs to take a Business 101 course with all that pledged goal money. First, a matter of a few weeks translates to a few more months of silence. And even more to the point, wasn't the point of raising $135k to fund the production of the devices??? What's with all these shady partners and nonsense. If the $135k didn't go for production, did it cover these characters' salaries?? Start-up entrepreneurs are supposed to go hungry until they hit it big, but it sounds like filet mignon for dinner every night here! Like Matt said..... SCAM So, do things look rather good or bad? Is there a trend? A little more information would be nice. If anyone still wants a Ringbow and is still willing to back a project, it looks like you might be able to get one here: <url>"off the record" discussion with Efrat that he/she is unwilling to share. This conversation claims to resolve all the issues and make the world a happier place. The creator also mentions that Efrat will be posting an update soon. Yeah, right! Ringbow keeps using this word "soon". I don't think it means what they think it means. Over 7 weeks since the last update with no reason to expect otherwise. Again with the secrecy of things. We are the backers! Why is information being kept from us? Still I wait for the crash and burn. I mean honestly, if any of us was looking to buy this product from their website and saw this kickstarter page; would you still buy it? How can this company recover with this launch debacle sitting here for any one to read. I would not touch this product having read these posts. This horse is demised. There isn't any money to return. There isn't any product to ship. There is no dev kit. Finally, and most importantly, the market has moved on and several products are coming with vastly improved capabilities. Mycestro is here on kickstarter, for one, I saw the fin on indiegogo the other day as well. Just walk off. Lesson learned. I'm only checking in because I want to see the train wreck. There is no way this project ends well for backers. The technology is over 2 years old now. The lead developer is off making card games. The rest of the company is in Israel and it will be virtually impossible to get money back from them. $135k is far from petty! That's grand larceny - 30 years in jail just as i said a year ago, the creators are liars and frauds. i hope you got a good high with our dollars. petty thieves and crackheads ! No more Kickstarter for me either @Scott - agreed; this project is dead - lesson learned. Don't back a Kickstarter. Efrat stole and lied, and this platform permits it. I'm done. Kickstarter already has its cut, it could now care less whether backers get this product POST AN UPDATE. ANYTHING! It's in the Kickstarter by-laws. You need to post regular updates, at least. It's been 6 weeks. I'm thinking I would like to have my $55 to spend on another project. @Thomas: I believe the comment you are referring to is under the last update, and not in this page. That's just great. I did post comment and after about 24h it was deleted from????? Don't know whether it was from Ringbow or Kickstarter…. No feedback about the comment or the action which did happen…. Sad, very sad, ... Echo... How about that refund? Here we are, a month and a half since the last update, and no news. Is anyone surprised? Anyone? @Uriel Friedman: Did you see Efrat at any Christmas family get-togethers? Do you know if anything is happening? I am asking Santa for a ringbow. I know Santa works faster than this fool @Jean-Philippe: Haha, I just commented at you on the NFC Ring thread. It seems we are both good at backing projects that are late. ;-) Although the NFC Ring will touch my fingers way before Ringbow ever will. 1.5 years ... no news ... Can I get a refund? It's pretty apparent the Ringbow isn't coming out. @Derek C: I've been biting my tongue too.. But once again it's just too quiet. A month is a very long time, something must have happened meanwhile but we're not allowed to know I guess. The other day I was wondering if I should just delete my kickstarter account.. After this I have no intention of funding anything else and my personal end-date for my patience is coming closer as well. There are 13 days left in this year, if you have any respect for your backers, make an update. Like I said on update 27: ANY update will do, even a simple status of the merger / negotiations. Let's look at what this merger really is: Another massive delay in the production of our rings, and where Efrat literally 'sells out'. Here we are, a month since the last update, and not a word from Efrat or the firm involved in the "merger". Not surprised one bit. What would surprise me is if any non-relative backer actually got to see a Ringbow. That would be a shock. Look at this response I received from Efrat when I asked for a refund:- We'll be able to refund your money... However... Maybe... Later on I'll update backers... From response on November 18th!!!! "I'll be happy to fulfil your wish and refund your funds. Yet we will be able to examine the request when the product is ready to ship. We discussed this issue publicly as we cannot provide refunds to some of our backers while we might not be able to refund others. When the project ends and we are ready to ship the product, we will be able to consider all the refund requests together (compared to the cash we'll have available) and if we are able to handle them we will refund your funds. Later on today I will publish an update to all our backers" @Uriel: You make some really great points. I agree that a company that was made years ago and has won prizes isn't looking to ruin their whole reputation for a $135k payout. That's pretty stupid. From the information we have been given, it appears as if they just couldn't plan/stick to a budget, and couldn't handle the complexities of manufacturing. Plus, the planning had plenty of issues (for example, we never received a decent answer why Efrat didn't receive pictures of the rings before they were shipped, only to realize they were too huge when they arrived). . Although Efrat may be working very hard, we aren't in elementary any more. Like you said, results are what matters, and I haven't seen a whole lot of them lately. Even worse, communication still just isn't there. I would really like to know, when this deal is over, who will actually be creating KS updates? @Derek , @Jan: First, thanks for your calm posts, i think this way of communicating is much more respectful. As for RingBow, as i said a company that is working and winning prices for years is not a cover for some scam on us backers, that was my point. As for what Jan said about Saar, you are right, i am not neutral about him, but it is probably non of your business although i though so before. As for Efrat's responding rate, i am not Efrat and can not speak for her, i personally see her working a lot, advancing what she can and sometimes even what i thought she can't, she has the right to update you when she thinks it is the time, if you are feeling neglected, i guess it is not due to someones bad intentions. Yes she is waiting for a lot of things, so am i, probably that is the reason she is updating less then you expected her too, unfortunately she is not running in vacuum. The bottom line is that this all project will be measured in its results, i believe the rings will be supplied, i trust Efrat, and she also said that every company that will take lead will have to take care for the KS backers first place, i think it will be this company interest too. The only thing that bothered me on the posts spirits was that the only one who cared, act and promote the issue ended as a target to nasty posts, I understand you guys could not see everything, so i posted my side too. Hope i made myself clear, Uriel. @Uriel: I guess I was a little surprised because you didn't actually say that you were family. That could potentially add a bias to your opinion and statements. . I have researched Ringbow more in depth a couple months ago, and saw that they won the 'Future Potential' category of the MobileMonday Summit Peer Awards...in 2010. Well, we are nearly 4 years later. Innovative ideas 4 years ago aren't quite as shiny now. . I also found a nice quote from Efrat: "I never sat and looked from the side, or waited for something to happen." Yet she is waiting for signatures, waiting for box designs, waiting for molds. A lot of waiting. . But frankly, I don't care about that. And my biggest concern is not signing over the company to someone else (although that will leave this KS project WAY up in the air). My issue is that we have been lied to (August 1: "you should have your Ringbows by October/November 2013")(May 23: "We're going to be in touch very soon with a hotly anticipated update on the shipping dates. We will know more after the first batch is in our hands, which will hopefully be very soon"). Not only that, Efrat deliberately signed NDAs, knowing full well that she should be communicating with the backers that funded the idea in the first place. Every step along this process has been "We are really close to being done" and then a month later, "We just fixed problem 'x', now we are almost finished", and then even later "Lol, jk we have been working to sign over our company for a long time now." . It boils down to Efrat and Saar couldn't handle the project, the $135k was spent, and it seems like they are signing off their company to someone else, along with the responsibility of the KS project. I'm curious to see if Efrat won't even be the one giving us updates in a month or so if they are signing this over (not like she gave us many anyway). Hopefully we will find out the fate of this project soon. @Uriel: I did spend some time on google looking for Ringbow, for contacts, for any kind of information. All I find are articles that promote a kickstarter campaign, promote ringbow, howmuch they look forward to it, blogs, etc. I haven't found a single reference to a competition or prizes. Just to point out: it took more than 50% of the time spent for all my posts combined to find no result whatsoever. Just saying. Oh and don't bother pointing to the one's on the kickstarter pages, out of the 3 mentioned there, only 1 page (still) exists. Another point is yes: now we wait, that's not what we are angry about! We're angry about not hearing about this sooner! Like I said on the update itself: no way this is totally new if you're close to making a deal. That's been our beef the whole nine yards: Updates that are coming too late, after something has been decided or after something has happened that's been brewing for a long time. Aside from that there's a TON of miscommunication as pointed out by my very lengthy post, how do you expect us to keep faith if we feel w'e're being lied to? You should make out the difference: truth is something extremely relative and it's highly subjective. There is no actual truth, only how everyone perceives it and our "truth" is that we're being lied to. The only way to keep people believing in you is with very open communication which simply wasn't there. As soon as the project got funded updates became monthly at best, that's 30 days of silence. Try not talking for 30 days, I dare you! In fact, don't communicate for 30 days, no non-verbal communication too. Good luck with that.. Are you surprised they're trying to single you out Uriel? I'm not. They want answers, we all want answers! If we're not getting them from Efrat for whatever reason, we're going to look elsewhere and like I said before: google is very disappointing and looking at the updates everything is kept under wraps. It's nice of you that you want to stick up for your family member, but since neither you nor Efrat is giving us actual answers, you're only adding fuel to the fire. Because now we know for a fact that you're still reading and replying. I expect to see multiple post that'll start attacking you directly from people that are angry and have found a new target to vent. As for me, I just want to know what's going on, details, specifics! I have no intention of starting up a fight but I want all the facts put straight because if you look throughout the updates there are a lot of things that contradict eachother. PS: Don't judge people for pointing fingers if you're doing it yourself. The "(guess who)" is exactly the same, you're trying to shift the focus of our anger on someone else. That's a tiny step to pinning the blame on him enterily. To circle back to what I said earlier, he'll have his own "truth" of what happened and he'll see his own reasons as justified. If he has his doubts about this deal, I'm sure there's a reason for that too. I'm not saying any of you is right or wrong but we as backers cannot make a clear picture and make a well informed decision with the little amount of information we have been given. But we'll still make one. @Derek C: We are all waiting for the main shareholder (guess who) to sign the contract with the company that could solve this all bad situation, believe me that if it won't happen i will lose much more then the average backer. As for Efrat, what would you want her to say while we are waiting for the signature ? some of you guys are posting really insulting posts when Efrat is updating about packages, plastics moldings and so, don't be surprised when you hear the sound of silence, i wouldn't reply to you guys either. As for me related to Efrat, yes i am, why is it a surprise for you - i don't really know, i said on the last post that i know that most of the shareholders are Efrat's family and friends - because i am one of them, i must say as one that as a shareholder i wouldn't back her or say good things about her if i thought even for a minute thst my investments are lost because of her, again, i have much more to lose. If you would invest 10% of the time posting here checking the history of the company, the rewards Efrat won with RingBow and the articles about RingBow, none of you would call her a thief, posting is easy, digging the facts is a little bit harder, you are mostly welcome to do so. I know this company for several years, how can you guys call someone that doesn't even take salary (and works only at RingBow) a thief ? please grow up. Uriel. where is the money spent? I want my refund. Sent a message to request a refund as well. Personally, I don't care about the money. Seriously, it's $50-- big deal. I just want the device. It's a bluetooth keyboard input-device, and will still (probably) be useful for my purposes. That being said, I really don't have any confidence that we will ever see the device in our hands. If refunds are all we can get, I'll take one. So if I don't get that ban from Kickstarter for my obviously inconsiderate, disrespectful and rude post on update #27, and you're still planning to give out refunds, I'd like my money back and you can model one plastic part less on my behalf. I no longer care for this product or this project. Efrat, I'd like to have a refund. I don't think you intentionally created a scam, but your lack communication & the varying contents of your messages does not bode well for any closure of the Ringbow project. I've lost faith in your ability to successfully end this project and I'd suggest to offer refunds for those who want them. This is the only way to recover some of your lost trust & karma. Please show us that you're a professional in troubles doing all you can to solve this mess instead of giving the impression you scammed us. I'm looking forward to your reply. It is a pity Efrat put Saar Shai out to pasture. He apparently has a much better handle on how to run a Kickstarter campaign (see The Agents card game, which I backed in August (yes, THIS August) and is shipping NOW). The update is posted. And, surprise surprise, the news is, "we're still working on it." Efrat is apparently still looking for investors for this project. IMHO, anyone who thinks they're going to see a real Ringbow, or a refund from Ringbow, is living in an alternate reality. Folks, we've invested in a failed startup. Which, frankly, I don't find all that terrible. I took a calculated risk with my money on what could have been a cool product and it didn't happen. What does upset me is that the founders were dishonest and didn't, and still aren't, communicating with their investors. Hopefully this project page will stay up for many, many years so that any potential future business partners that Efrat attempts to work with will be forewarned. This whole project should be a Harvard Business Review article on "how not to run a startup company." Received an email from Efrat about a possible refund (but there were no guarantees) Efrat stated that there will be an update to all backers today. I have sent an email to Business Insider: .. .. Hi Laura Brothers, I have recently read your June 25, 2013 article about KS campaigns that went bad, and I thought I would inform you about one that I backed that has gone completely wrong. Highlights of the company Ringbow's misdealings include: Making a deal and signing non-disclosure agreements with a manufacturing company before the KS campaign. Essentially, they said if they made $100k on KS, the manufacturer would give them more money. However, no backer was aware of this, and because of the NDA, Ringbow has held back information from backers. 70% owner and CEO of Ringbow, Saar Shai, abandoned the project and started a new KS campaign, AGENTS - a card game, without actually completing the Ringbow Kickstarter project. The other Ringbow project owner, Efrat Barit, had no idea this was happening. Absolutely no updates of Ringbow's twitter, facebook, or website since the campaign ended (16 months ago), although they had been very active during the campaign. There is no proof of a production Ringbow actually working. Expected delivery was Nov 2012. It is a full year later, and there is no sign of delivery actually happening. I have gone into more detail in the attached document. It includes Saar Shai's response to questions about Ringbow, and Efrat's response to his statements, as well as links to the responses (as proof). If you have any questions for me, or would like to know more, please let me know. @Uriel Friedman: I KNEW there was someone here that tried to say Efrat was a good person and it wasn't her fault Ringbow failed. From your comments here: <url>“Ringbow” project launched by Kickstarter, I believe that I am being defrauded by the founders of the project and that Kickstarter, Inc. may be a party to this fraud. This project is over a year late in delivering and the founders are no longer responding to the backers. Multiple individuals, including myself, have used the “Report this project” feature of the Kickstarter website and have failed to receive a response from Kickstarter. Based on evidence posted by the project founders, we believe that the founders do not reside in the United States, which is a requirement of starting a project on Kickstarter. By failing to enforce this project requirement, I believe that Kickstarter may share in the liability for the funds that were used to back this project. (These same founders founded at least one additional project on Kickstarter, despite the fact that I and others warned Kickstarter through the “Report this project” link that the new project was founded by non-U.S. residents before the project was funded.) I would like Kickstarter staff to review the very lengthy history of comments on the Ringbow project page and make an official response, in public, to the backers of this project on that page. In addition, I would like Kickstarter to divulge to the backers the names and addresses of the project founders so the backers can take legal action against the founders. Sincerely, Matthew M At what point do we all just report this as "This is not a project" A project is something with a clear end, like making an album, a film, or a new game. A project will eventually be completed, and something will be produced as a result. Clearly this qualifies. @Derek C I agree.. this is a prime example of how NOT to do a kickstarter campaign. I really feel that Efrat is just a modern day thief. With no word in weeks and mounting negativity here, I'm going to request a refund. I doubt I would ever actually use the Ringbow now anyway. Too much bad karma attached to it. I have backed 10 projects here on Kickstarter and post kickstarter. I am still waiting on 4. This, the iExpander, iControlpad, and the pocket tripod 360. The newest is the pocket tripod. And will be delivering before all the others. Just got word from iControlpad they are folding and trying to gather money for refunds. And as of late have finally started to get better and better news out of iExpander. So we are left with Ringbow. This is sad that the 2 other troublesome projects I have are far better off than this one. I would recommend every backer send a message to kickstarter at least once a week about this project. That may send a message to them to confront these guys to put up or shut up and give refunds to those who want one. @Brian May: You are right, it is extremely difficult to create, mass produce, and ship a product. I can't imagine doing it myself. However, most projects I have backed have been late, and I have not had a problem with it until Ringbow. I have several examples of projects where the owners were apologetic and completely open with the reasons behind the delays, and the new expected delivery dates. But with this..I can't even express what a disappointment Ringbow has been. The fact that they made a back-door deal with a company to use Kickstarter backers as leverage makes me think the whole Ringbow company is scum. No real updates shows what Ringbow actually thinks about us backers. We were a pawn in their game, and they don't care less about us. Frankly, I would be surprised if any one of us actually receive a Ringbow. . If I recall, some of Efrat's friends/family were Ringbow backers. What do you guys have to say about this? Can you honestly tell me Efrat is a good person who has our interests at heart? Have you actually seen a working Ringbow yet? @Derek C, I've backed about 10 different projects via kickstarted and indiegogo. 1 out of 10 shipped on time, with this, Ringbow, being the most late project in history. The problem is, people have an idea and what to make that idea a reality, when they truly have no clue about how to actually make, mass produce and ship a product on time. It's like being on the other end of the spectrum where we know about the idea from the beginning and there will always be setbacks. We really never see this from the traditional product cycle as we are never in the know unless something is leaked. We lear about a product after the production has occurred or when the product is 90% done. The next thing I back, if I ever do again, I'm going to look at it as something cool that I will eventually get 6-12 months after the "promised/estimated date". Sad but true. But the complete lack up updates here is truly sickening. Even if there isn't and update, post that there isn't an update and here's why. Radio silence is extremely bad and makes you lose faith in the product, as it seems like the majority of the backers here have already done. Derek is right though. There's a small fact that shows they're nowhere near shipping the rings. Has anyone's delivery adress been asked so far? They can't ship the things if they don't have adresses but they're supposed to ask us once the rings are ready. Since the last update I haven't seen any communication (again!).. The lack of communication is unnerving. This was my first kickstarter and I can't say I'm likely ever to fund another project again because this one leaves an incredibly foul taste in my mouth. I hate promises being broken and for this project it's happening time and time again. I don't see why we can't be kept up to date even if things are going bad. At least we'll know what the hell is going on! Like I've said before: give us an actual date, no more of this "soon" business and STICK TO IT! @Nick Z: I was commenting on the newer estimated delivery, which was October/November 2013 as of August 1: . Update 24: "We are close to solving the situation we got into with the business partners, meaning we’ll soon get back on track. It also means that if no other obstacles occur, you should have your Ringbows by October/November 2013." <url>~1 month ago, and the last product update was over 3 months ago. The likelihood of us not seeing a thing from this rises every day. Wow.. estimated delivery is a year late. I forgot that I actually backed this. Are there any actual updates other than the packaging design? Here we are, several days into the supposed month of delivery, and nothing, nada, zilch. It's been 3 months since an actual update about the ring (updates about a box definitely don't count). What is going on? How come Saar is able to update his backers of his card game several times a month, yet we hardly ever hear from you? Unless you are hand-assembling them yourself, how busy could you possibly be? . This ranks as one of the biggest jokes of a Kickstarter project I have ever seen. Can you just ship me an empty box so I can feel like I at least got something? But seriously can I just have a refund? @Mark V: Absolutely nothing. Let me summarize the next update, in case it ever shows. . "Hey guys, look! I made another box! Please give me some feedback on it that I can promptly ignore while completely avoiding your legitimate questions about the actual ring and its non-existent delivery date. Thanks!" What's going on with this? can you just spare the shipping costs and refund me? I DO NOT BELIEVE IN OR WANT THIS CRAP ! thank you. Our suggestion is to wait until the units is ready to be distributed and if at that point there would be some Kickstarter backers who would request a refund instead of receiving the product, we'll be happy to consider it. -Efrat Barit, Dec 20, 2012 . Now that we are days away from the month of delivery, may we request a refund? Surely the units are almost 'ready to be distributed', unless you've been lying to us again. Can we get an update? still expecting to ship out within the next week? Asked for a refund a couple of weeks ago, and am still waiting for a response, as you can see, they don't care about their kickstarter backers at all. What a waste of my monies, i wanted this when it was a NEW FRESH idea, now it is so dated that if we ever get it, it will be useless. As i can't see them giving anybody any monies back. Doesn't put much faith in Kickstarter when these lowlifes, don't respond to our comments, or are willing to refund, I just asked for a refund on the Almond+ (kickstarter) after it was also over a 1 year waiting, and they reponded and gave me my monies back within a couple of days. And to sum this all up, they are not in New York, but i believe in Israel, so again even less chance of getting anything out of them. Pfft, what do they care that we're all getting short with them, they already took our money, they got what they wanted. It seems like one party is losing it's patience and motivation. And it's actually one of the most important ones: your backers. Please release the long overdue update you've promised multiple times already. If you're worried about outside appearances, you can make sure only backers can view the update, but we have a right to know what is going on. This silence isn't helping your case at all. So... Please give us that update! I don't want to hear "soon" again. If you can't give it at present, give us a date, and stick to it! I just reported the project. It's getting crazy now. I've been patient with this, and either you get it together, or give us our money back! And if you've tried scamming us, be prepared for a world of hurt... @Mariano: Ah, that explains why she is too busy to bother updating us on what is going on. Busy hard at work...at Candy Crush. @Mariano: I do not even find her on facebook..."funny" nonetheless. I'm the only one which recieves Candy Crush notifications from Efrat? Nobody else has added her to Facebook? I would encourage everyone to report this project to KS (again, if you have already) here: <url>"Do you have a Kickstarter campaign gone bad? Or have you donated to a Kickstarter campaign that's gone bottom up? Email us and tell us your story: <email>." from: <url>"international-internet law" laws or anything? could that be why this is being dragged out? Also what is exactly the point of origin for a lawsuit here? does Kickstarter have any legal responsibility? (I mean apart from the fact that they broke their own "rules" by allowing these individuals to begin this project...) @Matthew I reported the same thing. Seems like they duped whatever safeguards Kickstarter put in place to verify these items: • You are 18 years of age or older.* • You are a permanent US resident with a Social Security Number (or EIN). • You have a US address, US bank account, and US state-issued ID (driver’s license). • You have a major US credit or debit card. I've held off on expressing this opinion for a while, but I think it's time. To all appearances, the founders of this project do not live in the United States, which is required to start a Kickstarter project. (See previous comments about Israeli law and the lack of a response to my question about this topic below.) Kickstarter never replied to my request for an investigation into this a few months ago. Since we can't file suit against the backers without an address, does anyone have any basis to form a legal opinion on whether or not Kickstarter can be held liable for fraud, if the backers don't meet the eligibility requirements for starting a Kickstarter project? I'll bet that a lawsuit against Kickstarter would be likely to get some traction on this issue. @Joshua: Pebble was only delayed by ~5 months. This has been delayed by ~11. And Pebble was way more complex. They aren't even comparable. Refund required also. thanks. Anyone know of another product that's been delayed for so long, besides the Pebl? Pebl of course delivered.... You said you would post an update 'soon' 6 weeks ago. Considering you initially thought this project would only take 18 weeks, that's a long time! You need to start delivering. The fact that you say there is no good news IS BAD NEWS! Progress would be good news. If you don't have that, it is bad. At any rate, the stunt you have pulled on us backers is rediculous. Using us as a lure for a larger company is downright low, and almost certainly against Kickstarters Terms of Service. Even worse, it seems like you've signed Non-Disclosure Agreements with them, preventing you from actually telling anything to the people that gave you $130k. This is the most deceitful project I have ever backed, and it is probably in the top ten of the worst projects ever. I'm tired of the lies, missed dates, background deals, lack of transparency, and obvious collapse of Ringbow Co. I'm not sure which will come first, my Ring being manufactured, or Ringbow Co. filing for bankrupcy. Okay, I'm not trying to be disrespectful but I realise it may sound like it.. Use of the word "soon" is probably upsetting alot of people. It isn't a defined period of time, for someone with a busy schedule "soon" might be in a few weeks, others expect this to mean within a day. This might create friction for certain people, the same goes with the other companies involved. Get and give precise dates so you've got deadlines. Keep pestering untill they give you a time and date and hold them to it so you can give them to your backers as well. Besides this point I find your reply confusing. If there's no news, good nor bad, what will the update be about? (don't reply here or it makes the update moot) This might just be my own twisted logic though.. I hope it goes into detail about the points you mention: "legal, manufacturing, testing and keeping motivation". I do wish to thank you for the quick reply and I hope these words didn't seem too harsh.. It's an attempt at friendly advice to rekindle the hope and trust of your backers :) Ok, so I've tried gathering tidbits from all the comments here. Like several people here (Rebb, Derek C, Raymund, etc.) an update (even one with bad news) would be nice. No idea how hard it is to make an update, but please do. Even if it just contains quotes from this page. You might also want to mention people can comment here and receive an update quicker, though this might cause a flood of comments.. Personally it's the first time I've wandered here as I thougth the number of comments displayed at the link was a simple sum of all the updates' respective comments combined. Efrat, I sincerely hope that what's been said below here is truth. If not it's a very low thing to do, you'd be abusing people's trust. Causing them to mistrust people in the future before they even get a chance. Like I said in my comment on the last update: It's hard to stay respectful and considerate. I can relate to the angry people here and even more to those that are disappointed. I set an ultimatum at New Year's Eve for myself, even with this new info I won't change it though. Mainly because if I allow it to be pushed back, I'd feel like an idiot being taken advantage of. It's really hard believing all the setbacks aren't just stories and things for show while people's hope dwindles and the whole thing dies a quiet death. So for now I'm still giving it 3 months.. Maybe, just maybe, I'll give it more time if the problems, successes, the whole process becomes more open.. It's hard trusting something you know virtually nothing about. "Behind the scenes" means nothing to us. Even if you spew out a bunch of technical terms, some backers will understand and clarify them for the masses (I hope). Anyway, I think I've ranted about enough.. Please give us an update.. Has there been any progress with the manufacturing? What about the packaging? (not that I really care if the box is colorful or plain white) Did the shipping date get moved back? Has the JIG pointed out any problems with the electronical components or are those still progressing smoothly? What about the plastic parts, are those finally arriving? are we ever goona get the damn ringbow or is this just another FRAUD of a project????\ i ahve backed a bunch of products on here, so far only one other one has been as bad or worse than this one..... any way to get a refund from you???? a little pissed here I can't help but feel this device has been made redundant now (before we ever even get it) for apple products, anyway, with the Apple Game Controller API in iOS 7. It's a safe bet that the market will be flooded with controllers very soon that will quickly be compatible with many games. I guess you'd either have to make Ringbow compliant with the Apple Game Controller API (which would delay things further) or ask game developers to add your API as well. This was a great idea when I backed it but technology moves way too fast to take this long in producing the goods. I'm not angry; just disappointed. Update? I just want what I paid for.... @Raymund: Well said. . @Ringbow: You ask us for our trust and support, but it is tough when we are constantly let down. For example, in the last update you said "I'll be back in about a week or two, with a few options for the graphics, hoping you'll help me decide on the final design of the Ringbow packaging." That was over a month ago. Why should we trust you when you don't keep your word? And how can I really get excited when the update was just about the box it is going to be in? Please, if you actually have the product, I'd be fine with a manilla envelope and a couple layers of bubble wrap. I sincerely hope the last month wasn't spent on just iterating the box design. Please, give us something to be excited about. @Ringbow: While it is ok to take the time you need, while we are all waiting for a finished product please keep us all in the loop by providing messages. While i am not sure about how businesses go in terms of operations i am pretty sure that honesty, no matter what type of business, is the best policy. In short, please give us, those who have put faith in you, some sort of message that tells us you are still listening and still in progress. Thank you in advance and we look forward to a finished product sometime soon. It's been 6 days since your last comment, Ringbow. I don't think 'soon' takes longer than 6 days. Please give us some information! I feel as if the phrase "Pics or it didn't happen", although a bit harsh, are quite applicable here... very simple question, HOW MUCH LONGER???? very tired of waiting. @Ringbow please forget the marketing, forget the packaging send us a product that works, that's all. Derek is right. A little information about the behind the scenes stuff would be nice. @Ringbow: Is there any change you could bring them to the front of the scenes? I'm sure there are plenty of people here that are curious to know what's happening. Hello anyone there? Sept 3rd any updates on this? If Kickstarter is not interested in addressing this, then that goes to their own credibility. Very sad as KS could have been a long term success. People will become very wary once the CNN story airs. Very Sad. Any further updates on this now being a month on from the last post? man I wished I had never wasted my money on this crap, never gonna see this ringbow be delivered....what a FRAUD!!!! I imagine the folks at Kickstarter saying "Wow, a lot of projects aren't being fulfilled. Maybe we should do something about it. Nah!! Those suckers keep giving us money. Let's not change it." : has it really been over a year since this project was funded? Its amazing how these projects are just... So appalling... and Kickstarter says nothing.. this is not the only project that has been such an incredible travesty. There are so many and SO many Kickstarter backers crying out for justice, its gone way beyond "just a few whiners" to full blown robbery. . $135,002... let me say that again One Hundred and Thirty Five THOUSAND dollars (lets just round down so as not to make those 2 little dollars feel any pressure)... that amount seems so incredible but in the world of Research and Development that amount can be spent in less than a day... but still, 2,279 people believed in this project, wanted to see it come to life and pledged their money to see it become a reality... I find myself wondering just how long this will go on... and just HOW does Kickstarter feel about it? do they even care? at their meetings do they talk about it? try to figure out how to fix it or see if there is anything they can do about it? or is it a sick ongoing joke at all our expenses where they ceremoniously show a number of how many people have been scammed out of 'X' amount of money each day?.... . I know my ramblings wont go anywhere and they wont fix anything... but perhaps one day... someones will. Just saying good luck. I imagine that, reading some of these comments and attacks, its been really hard to keep on working. But I'm still excited about the eventual ringbow release, and I appreciate that you haven't given up. Just wanted to say thanks for the update, any and all news is great! One thing I don't understand is how Saar can claim that he has nothing to do with Ringbow anymore when he is supposed to write the SDK and has such a large portion of the company. I don't know if we will ever find out the truth. Just marked him as a FRAUD at his new project. Probably pick up www.ringbowfraud.com, www.ringbowsucks.com, etc.. With my SEO experience, this should be #1 results in all search engines in no time. Oh yeah, also his other KS campaign. Please report these scumbags other scam project to KS as FRAUDULENT: <url>"CONfidence men". The way in which they are playing off each other is text book con artistry. Both Efrat and Saar are complete wankers. I will not rest until I am assured that "karma" has paid you both back. This sudden communication is the way they are tying up loose ends. I hope you both burn in hell for the treatment you have given to so many kind hearted supporters. Your both cowards, Your both pricks and Your both dogs. (prove me wrong and I'll publicly eat my words that I have just spattered at you both). Not likely though, I can see the game your playing. Hope you had fun with our money. Karma's a ****!! I'd like to know what Israeli law has to do with anything. The requirements to start a Kickstarter campaign are: You are a permanent US resident with a Social Security Number (or EIN). You have a US address, US bank account, and US state-issued ID (driver’s license). You have a major US credit or debit card. You are 18 years of age or older. Efrat, you appear to be the project found on Kickstarter. Do you meet these criteria? Are you a permanent US resident with a social security number or an EIN? Is Saar a permanent resident of the United States or not? Because if the two of you are starting Kickstarter campaigns without meeting those requirements, you're probably committing fraud. Efrat With respect to my question: 1. What date will you have a working model video of the ring posted here? My apologies, I have just reviewed again the video and it look great! <url>’s good to hear from you, although I wish they were under better circumstances. I also do not approve of the way we had to learn this information. Learning about the company you backed from sources other than the KS page or contact with the company is really a pain. However, he claims he doesn’t have access to the Ringbow KS account. Why? And his response doesn’t look like it could have possibly broken any NDAs. He states public information plus the claim that he has been slowly pushed out of Ringbow. The truthfulness of this is really only known between you, him, and whoever else you have in your company. But the roundabout way that this information comes to light and how long we have to wait for information that was in the last update speaks volumes about your company. But enough about that. You say you will answer questions. Let’s see if you are telling the truth, or if this is just more smoke and mirrors. 1. You say you put all your efforts into “promoting Ringbow”, yet there has not been 1 Facebook post, 1 tweet, or any public showings of Ringbow since the campaign. Why? And why did you use a fake Facebook page on this KS profile? 2. Why does Saar, someone who you claim has 70% of the company, not have access to the KS campaign? 3. In the update before last, you said you would get back to us with shipping dates. Were you just stringing us along? If not, how did you not know you ran out of money? 4. Why would a KS creator sign an NDA knowing they are supposed to keep their backers informed on progress? That is what KS is about!!! 5. With all this ‘waiting’ why is there no SDK? 6. You claim to have working Ringbows, but there is absolutely no video of one working. And no proof at all. Why not? It should be so easy to make one. 7. Why, oh why did you insist on having the rings shipped to you instead of receiving a picture in an email (referring to late Dec, early Jan)? You wasted nearly a month realizing the rings were too big, when it should have taken 5 minutes!! 8. With no money, honestly, what is the chance of us ever getting a working Ringbow (0-100%)? Although I have more questions, I have posted ones that you should be able to answer without interfering with an NDA. Let’s see if you are true to your word, and will answer my questions. Nice to hear from you Efrat. Seems like there are some things to work out between the two of you. I hope it all ends well. Michael, thank you for your perspective on this issue. No matter how nice of a guy Saar is, and no matter how much of his own money he's invested, the truth is that he has not satisfied the obligations he made to his backers. He promised us hardware in November of 2012. He may be a creative genius, but that doesn't excuse his inability to deliver operationally. It shows that he didn't know what he was doing and didn't do his homework before launching a Kickstarter campaign. The lack of transparency, and what appears to be outright attempts to mislead his investors, is what has earned Saar the reputation that he's now got. We do, in fact, have the legal right to demand what was contractually promised to us: working hardware in November of 2012. If you have a personal relationship with Saar, I encourage you to use whatever influence you have to get him to become much, MUCH more transparent with his investors. If you do, in fact, understand business as well as you claim to, you'll appreciate how just that one thing, by itself, could dramatically change his reputation with his backers. I do understand that things happen. I do understand that a creative person could underestimate the amount of time, effort, and money that it would take to move an idea from concept into production. However, that doesn't change the fact that this project is very, very late and that there has been very little communication from the founders. The delay really isn't the main issue most of us have; the issue is that Saar is not communicating with us and this whole thing is starting to smell like fraud. I would find it much easier to "be patient" if I had regular updates from the guy who took my money. I would find it much easier to "support Ringbow" if there were actual evidence that Ringbow actually exists. And frankly, I think it's Saar, not his critics, who needs to grow up in this case. He put himself in this situation, and his poor handling of the situation is just digging a deeper hole for himself. Hi there it was great to see an update, are you able to advise what next and a time line maybe? Hmm, reading Saar's statement really disappointed me. I believe him, when he says it is not entirely his fault that ringbow is not yet successful. But he could have told us much sooner about the problems. He was very intransparent and is still lacking the commitment towards us backers that is needed. What is going on with efrat is beyond me... @Michael: I second Stephen when it comes to the disability of your son. There are most likely other products out there that might suit him better. Regarding the "anger" towards Saar: Ringbow made false promises and have no communication skill at all. All I know is that he clearly has shifted his interest. And no one tells us what really is going on...and sorry to say, but having ideas is nice but bringing them to fruition is what makes an inventor. @Michael: The fact that you personally know Saar clouds your judgement. You say he is a good guy, and I don't doubt that. But how are WE supposed to know that if he has absolutely no communication with us. Have you actually seen a working Ringbos? And not once has anything Ringbow did been 'transparently honest'. They specifically said they couldn't tell us anything for 'legal reasons', when Kickstarter is a platform meant for sharing the journey of an idea or product development. Who else should we be angry with? The people at the head of the company are the most logical people to blame for the failure. Unless told otherwise, how/why should we assume any different? And don't pour any more money into a sinking ship. If you so desite a ring similar to the Ringbow to use on the computer, here you go: <url>"Using a computer with X" where X is your son's disability - this will probably return a community of people going through similar stuff). @Michael What makes this whole project even more disappointing is that you committed to this project to allow your profoundly disabled son to do things on a computer that he would not otherwise be able to do. I am even more concerned that your situation has been taken advantage of, if this project is not finished and or your investment returned. I have actually backed both projects, and I know Saar well. He is a creative dynamo and has about a billion ideas an hour (with only a few thousand of them actually good :)). I must admit, I don't play games. For me and my wife, Ringbow, however, presented a very unique opportunity: it would allow our profoundly disabled son to do things on a computer that he would not otherwise be able to do. That is partly why we, and everyone in our family, substantially backed it. Our son is now 20, his needs will not diminish ever. So, while we'd like to see progress soon, we think in years and decades, not months, and simply cannot comprehend the, perhaps youthful, impatient expectations of such a complex and sophisticated project. Do people really have so much time on their hands to hound a sensitive, creative and transparently honest inventor, such as Saar, and does putting in tens of dollars really give them a moral (let alone legal) right to stir up such negativity about a wonderful technology? What a waste of energy. what puerile agitation against a person, one of the very few, who's put his work, money, mind and emotions behind an invention that is his absolute brainchild. As I said, I barely understand games and the hardware (or paper ware!) that drive them. But I do understand business fairly well, having had my share of ups and downs. One thing I know: investing at risk is not the same as pre-ordering with certainty. Kickstarter is not Amazon, and backing a project is not like pre-buying merchandise. If one has no appetite for risk, don't go grandstanding about your funding - go on eBay to bid for something that already exists, instead. What I also know is that operational problems are different to conceptual or creative problems. I imagine that working with plastics, polymers and indeed any materials, to create something new, takes ages. Perhaps creative Saar was innocent of this knowledge when he put his heart and soul into the KS campaign, but operational Efrat should not have been - not that their organisational structure is our problem. My view is, I'd like to see where they can get to and I'm actually thinking of putting more money in to help overcome the plastics problem. We need Ringbow for our son, and people with disabilities like him. Gaming is important, but for us it's beyond enjoyment, it's about life development and educational growth. I think the agents' card game - which looks wonderful, though to me the rules are entirely opaque - is proof of Saar's creativity and irrepressible spirit. I'd like to see one successful inventor who can point to zero failed experiments in his or her background. Check Forbes <url>"If he hadn’t failed, Thomas Edison might not have become America’s most well-known and prolific innovator." The finance cost of our pledges is cents, at current interest rates. Be patient. Think deep. Grow up. Support Ringbow. @Bradley Woods: If you have the means and the contacts available to do so, go for it. Saar did say 'from that point forwards...' and that article is from Jul 03, 2012, which would be before 'that point'. But I still can't believe that someone who created an invention would just let another person take over. I would not be able to let that happen, as I would want to see my own product come to marker. One other thing that does concern me, though, is that in the other KS video, he states he has been 'working on this for a year'. It hasn't even been a year since the end of the Ringbow campaign (although it is close). So this means he was working on his other game while Ringbow slowly burned and died. That is what is concerning. There is a reasonable case for a class action claim with damages to be filed and for the matter to also be taken to the Israel Consumer Council for investigation. They are particularly interested in any cases where the potential for consumer fraud and unfair terms in the conditions of sale have occurred. The below report is from Saar Shai's other new Kickstarter page. In particular see the comment: "While the campaign was successful, the business sadly went downhill from there. The most critical issue is from that point forwards, I was gradually excluded from the day to day operations of the company." Saar is now claiming distance yet the last update still is signed off by him. On this website it claims Saar is the Chief. <url>"it does look like it's been a while since the Ringbow creator issued an update. I went ahead and sent them an email asking that they post a status update, and reply to their backers messages. While we can certainly encourage them to update, unfortunately we have no way of forcing them to do so." Coincidence that their update immediately followed this correspondence? What reason do any of us backers have to believe the money wasn't spent on a vacation or rent payments. "Design work" sure sounds like salary since they designed it. No video, no SDK, my money is gone, feel sorry for the backers that gave $100+ How about a simple breakdown of how the money was spent??? Maybe even a few scanned invoices since there is a clear lack of trust here. I would encourage others to report Saar's other project to Kickstarter: <url>"repurposing" our cash in a NY minute. these guys are like the snowdens of kickstarter they have a patent application for ringbow if searched under USPTO under Saar Shai , but that's it. Not vapor ware but close. I am disappointed especially that they have the balls to launch another project on Kickstarter. Luckily it's so low tech so at least there is some chance of rewards getting to backers. Maybe they can use the office printer i paid for to fulfill the order. It's interesting that they both appear to live in Isreal, not New York as I assumed. Efrat Barit <url>"We were unable to communicate with you due to legal restrictions." via the latest update. I have never seen a project that wouldn't update the people who gave money to the project due to legal restrictions, this statement got me worried. I reported the other project to Kickstarter just so they would be aware that the project creator has been unable to fulfill previous projects. I hope for his sake and the sake of the thousands of backers that he will be able to with that one, but I wanted to make sure they were aware of it. I said the following: The project creator Saar Shai has also created another project on Kickstarter called the Ringbow. They are 8 months later than their estimated ship date, and as per their latest update, they have ran out of money and will be unable to fulfill rewards. Here is the profile page for Ringbow listing Saar Shai as a project creator. <url>"report this project" button at the bottom of the projects home page (not the comments page you're looking at now) to report this project. I indicated that some backers, including myself, would like to get addresses of the creators in order to file suit. Maybe that'll get the creators' attention. None of my mistakes have cost thousands of people over $100k. Besides the funding, how else are we supposed to help them? I offered a great suggestion: that they should get pictures of the rings before the factory ships it to them. But alas, they waited the weeks for shipping, only to discover the rings were too big. It is something they should have discovered in 5 minutes, but caused a months worth of delay. What else can we do? Build it for them? We may have seen pictures, but we haven't seen anything that couldn't be made with a 3D printer. The evidence to fraud is overwhelming: No update to their website, no video of a working product, no way to actually contact the creators, a fake Facebook account, a Twitter account only used during the campaign, and most of all, no product. Even if the product DOES see the light of day, this is absolutely no way to run a business, if you could even call it that. This message is for the creators of ring bow as well as to address those who feel wronged by the delays. There are times where i myself wanted to put into motion my ideas and works. I did not know if my ideas were good, but the main reasons i never put out any of my imaginations at all was because i was afraid to fail. Now, i do not condone any delays that have happened nor am i trying to defend the creators. But please think for a moment the times we have ever failed at anything. Did it not feel awful, did it hurt? We all make mistakes its a part of life, and yet we feel we have to condemn the mistakes whether to make ourselves feel justified or to get results. What i am trying to say is, if this project never sees fruition we have only ourselves to blame since none of us really tried to help the creators other than provide funds nor did we really give them encouragement for what they are undertaking. Please, two wrongs do not make a right namely condemning them for not being able to put forth the fruit of their labor. We have seen pictures so let us have faith that we might see this finished yet. To the creators, please do your best to finish this project we all have given you ample time and are patiently waiting for your work to be shared among all who put forth what was needed in making this happen. Call me hypocrite, call me insensitive, call me whatever you like i just now want to see this project through. To those who can bear to listen to me thank you very much. I had all but forgotten I backed this project, but boy am I a weird mix of disappointed, angry, betrayed and despondent at finding out that this was all a scam. It makes me sick to my stomach to realize I donated money to these people who have done nothing since this kickstarter ended. Being thieved is one thing, handing money over to thieves is another. My OUYA would have looked so pretty being controlled by a Ringbow too. That being said, we'd still need someone in new york to find these con artists. Or, we can see if kickstarter or amazon can provide information on where our funds went so that we can serve them. So, now that its pretty much 100% certain that these guys aren't going to make anything and have basically robbed us, is anyone else interested in legal action (at least in illinois?) I'd be happy to get together with some backers in state to file a claim against these guys and make sure they don't have the opportunity to do this to someone again. I no longer expect to receive a Ringbow, nor do I really care. I'm generally very patient but this is clearly a very mismanaged "company" that has little to no intention on delivering a product. What a shame since it seemed to be a different concept that was unfortunately hindered by a completely incompetent or simply dishonest leader in Efrat. Update please. Ringbow said "It wouldn't be fair" to give refunds, because they don't have enough $ to refund everyone. Frankly, I'd be surprised if they have any money left, as this project has taken nearly a year. If they actually made an effort to make this product, the money has long gone to salaries, manufacturers, and molding. Take a look at the InstaCube project. They had over $600k, and they blew it all away on salaries (who needs a Social Media Manager?) and parts to try and design the thing. With Ringbow's paltry $135k (minus KS and Amazon fees), there is no way they have any money left. They had to get a new manufacturer, and that alone costs lots of $ to set up. On the other hand, if this whole thing has been a complete ruse, I'm sure their money has gone towards helping them move to New York, and possibly a vacation and some Mai Tais. It surely hasn't gone to communication. I think we will be 'waiting for molds' for the rest of eternity. As said on L8 SmartLight project: Here's what Kickstarter says about the legal obligations of Creators: "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." @Gerard: You can't get a deal on something that will never actually exist. July 22, 2013 will be one full year since this project was fully funded! Updates are few and far between with no real substance or information. At this point I completely expect some type of compensation for these delays. Half price on a second Ringbow would be a good start - especially to the Early-bird" backers! We supported you, now take care of us! ...and no answers from the Ringbow team. What a surprise. This is either a total scam or one of the most poorly organized KS campaign ever. Seriously, with so much 'waiting', they should have plenty of time to communicate and answer some questions. Yet here we are. The next update (if they bother to keep up with this charade) will probably say "We are waiting on ____. We will be in touch soon!" just like every update this year. What a joke of a company. I am very patient when it comes to Kickstarter projects considering all the logistics involved with fulfilling a campaign, but honestly I too am very much looking forward to more production and shipping updates from Ringbow in the (hopefully..) near future. @ringbow: yes, please provide for us some updates. I hope you are almost done and will most fervently anticipate your results, as this is actually the very first kick-starter i have ever backed. @ringbow: Yeah, you are alive at least :-) I mean you could have died and no one would have noticed...so please more updates! Thanks. The way I see it, many tech KS projects are led by people who think "Wow, I have this great idea, and everyone will love it". They build a barely-functional concept out of scraps, and spin it off like they are just about to pour molds of a final product. Then after funding, they start contacting people, realize how long it takes and how expensive it is, and they simply don't have the experience to complete it. Case in point: Ringbow. They switch manufacturers near the time that we are actually supposed to be receiving it. They should have already had agreements in place before they even started the KS campaign. A little research would have told them the best manufacturer to use. I'm sure that once the manufacturer saw how much they made on KS, they took every penny they had, and then some. That is, if this project isn't completely fake. I have actually stopped backing any technology related Kickstarters, here's the reason why: . I have come to realize that several of these "projects" are actually a very intelligent way of not only getting a project "funded" but also achieving extremely cheap overhead. This is how they do it: . Someone comes up with a "concept" it is portrayed as it is practically done, all the tests have been done, the concept has been realized, tested and is ready to be machined, all that is needed is Kickstarter funding to be produced. Here's the reality, these people who come up with these concepts have found out that all it takes is a prototype, which is made in China... of course its machined tested and blah blah there, what is crazy about all this is that once its there... guess what happens? the concept gets inevitably stolen and cheaply mass produced, all it takes then is for the creator to sit back... and wait until someone else puts the $ into actually realizing the project, they get to pocket the majority of the $ and then we the backers eventually get the item, cheaply made, but we do get it inevitably, I've seen this happen with over 20 projects now I thought this was happening after the issues I had with the "limb.al" (I'm sure some people here know what I'm talking about) so I did some researching had some friends check into some of their projects and made some new friends thru the researching. . Its truly amazing the level of this scam, and they are popping up like crazy now. . I've simply stopped backing any projects that don't have VERY thorough and complete websites as well as manufacturing IN THE US. the second something is going to be machined, manufactured or molds will be made in China... that's the biggest red flag. . I'm sure Kickstarter knows whats going on, but they make money of the projects that get backed... so... they don't care. Its sad really, Kickstarter was in the beginning a very wonderful concept and website... Agree with Derek. Its been a year now since funding started and still no product. As well as false promises and lack of communication. @Ringbow: I believe a video of the product actually working is the least you could give us. You have a handful of rings, why don't you show them off? Prove to us that you actually have a working product instead of something that I could make with a 3D printer, a little sandpaper, and an LED. Also, if you are just waiting like you claim you are, then you should have plenty of time to communicate with us! Tell us what is going on! Give us some sort of information. Also, why haven't you updated your twitter account, facebook page, or website? How are we supposed to trust you if you don't even try to sell your own product? Or why should we trust you when you have clearly made a fake Facebook account just for KS? If I were close to finishing a product, I'd be sending out samples to tech websites to try and gain some media attention and demand for my product. You have done absolutely nothing, except for a lot of waiting. Seriously, it's time for some answers. kickstarter is a fraud's paradise. these people are crooks and liars. they never had any intention on making this product. they probably needed a home down payment. goddam theives !! Their facebook page also hasn't been updated at all since July 21, 2012. Scam level: Pro. I'm actually impressed. @Matthew M.: I haven't been able to find an address for either project creators or their business in New York. Efrat's twitter page went silent July 23 of last year (<url>"oh, it wouldn't be fair to everyone to give refunds back to a few" when the truth of the matter is they probably don't have enough money to refund anyone. I don't think this project was a malicious scam, I just think it was a matter of incompetence. They got in too deep and didn't really know how to accomplish what they set out to, and instead of doing the right thing and keeping people informed, they made repeated promises that they knew they couldn't keep. However, with the project now 6 months late and with no end in sight, I think we've all been patient enough. Time for refunds for anyone who wants them, Ringbow. Yes, we have been ripped off. It shouldn't take a month to polish a mold. And even if it did, there is absolutely no excuse to not update us. If this was an actual business/product they would keep backers informed and update their website. Everything they have shown so far could be done in 1 weekend with a little know-how, CAD, a 3D printer, and a circuit board creator. I haven't seen anything that proves that this project wasn't a scam. Honestly, I think I could have made one faster in the last year. Just remove a pointing stick mouse (found in the center of some laptop keyboards), buy a small USB bluetooth dongle (they are tiny), buy a small rechargable battery, and do a little wiring. Then design and print myself a 3D ring to house it, and done. It probably wouldn't look pretty, and it wouldn't work with all devices, but I bet I could get it to work with a computer, which is what I wanted (6 months ago). Going to go ahead and contact Neil Singh regarding how to go forward with this. Is anyone interested in filing a suit with me? Does anyone still think we haven't been had here? Look at the linked Facebook page, Efrat Barit's Twitter account, and Ringbow.com. None have been updated since July 2012. Took the money and ran... Any progress on this? It's been a while since the last update. Someone please correct me if i am mistaken... Yes, while patience is indeed a virtue, I would have to say that the wait without hope of a release date is terribly exasperating. I am rather disappointed with almost everything in this project. I am truly sorry to say this but this might very well be a complete waste of my putting my $100 the past year... So yeah, nearly a month since last update. what gives? @ Derek C: My mistake, My mistake. @Raymund R DeAsis: That will be exciting if: 1) We get it. 2) It actually works Update please?? It is regrettable, yet i can see one little bit of good out of this project. If the developers have little money as some may claim, then if the finished product is released all backers who have participated will have for themselves a rare, never-again-to-be-released piece of tech that only we the backers can possibly possess. This would be somewhat exciting, no? @geumtian: Countless delays, a lot of excuses, equal amounts of disappointment, no communication, and very little progress on the rings. I hope that answers your question. I totally forgot i backed this. What's happening with this project? Pics was on last update check it. Any pictures yet? Surely there must be pictures by now? Hi, something in english from the official pebble-forum: <url>#Comment_32708 hope, this saves you trouble with the EU-/german-backers... Hi, hope, you will fill out the CE-conformity correctly. actually the Pebble (Smartwatch) are blocked by customs in Germany, because of uncorrect named CE-certificate. <url>"Declaration of Conformity" are with a product-name / -description, which is not clearly obvious on the watch. <url>"Getting pictures soon" should mean in a week or less, not in over a month. And why do we need to wait for the Rings to ship on a slow boat from China before pictures are taken? The lack of immediate pictures caused a 1 month delay last time. I thought they would have learned their lesson. And without giving us another expected delivery date, they essentially have an open-ended timeline that they can't be held accountable to. This project is a disaster, and I will not be recommending it no matter how good the Ringbow actually is. I met Efrat while the project was live on Kickstarter. She had a functional prototype with the game from the clip. I guess they have underestimated the amount of work left which is not fair towards us, their backers by they are not scammers. They won't be the first project to be severely delayed. This is part of the Kickstarter adventure. Crossing my fingers to get my ring soon. update today !!! maybe we will get our ring after all BUT still sceptical I wonder if that is even their real names and faces.... Hope so, they're ruined! Scammers never had the product. like i said before.. this funding was supposed to be to bring it to "manufacturing". If they actually had the product in the beginining... we'd have it already. If they had any real "code".. they would have sent us an SDK, not a Brochure. Therefore... it is logical.. that if they had no code.. they never had a product they were programing. any lawyers here? @Arash: We don't really have a lot of options. We can tell Kickstarter, and they may prevent this company from doing another project. Or if they try another project, temporarily pledge $1 and direct potential backers to this site and warn them that way. Other than that, we can't do much. :-( so guys whom would we complain to to prevent other future backers from coming into contact with these people should they try for another project? I assume getting our money is no longer possible, what exactly are our options? Maybe I should have tied to write off my pledge as a bad gambling loss for last year... O_O Is it just me or is his facebook page gone now? I have just sent this message to Saar and Efrat. I sincerely hope they respond, otherwise it might be wise to see how many of the 2279 backers are willing to look into other option. "Hi, Your last update was a month ago in which you promised to 'get some pictures' yet so far none have been shown nor has there been any new updates. I'm getting the feeling I'm being ripped off. I'd strongly suggest to update more frequently and keep us, backers in the loop. Even if it means that you'll have to communicate another setback. No communication is worse than bad news. Please, don't ruin 2279 people's faith in your project. Regards, BjornW" @Robert: I agree 100%. There is absolutely no excuse for any of these things. The project was estimated to take 131 days, and we are now at 269 days. If they had actually intended to do this project, any money they had is long gone by now. I'm starting to think they actually took the money and have just been teasing us with updates. After all, everything they have shown in updates could be done in 1 afternoon with CAD and a 3D printer. $135k is a pretty good haul for such little work. . If the Ringbow were actually happening, we would have: 1. Updates more often 2. Actual pictures/videos of rings in action 3. Marketing for the device actually happening . Seeing none of these, it is easy to come to the conclusion that Ringbow is either a total scam, or a complete Kickstarter failure. Either way, we can all kiss our money goodbye. Guys, nothing is coming. Look at the facts. 1. No pictures of actual Ringbows. 2. No marketing efforts. No twitter. No Facebook. Nothing. 3. $135000 isn't much when the "project" is so far behind. They have nothing. Has anyone besides the two founders used one? Remember, this project was to fund manufacturing. Yet the delays are mostly design problems. Over 4 weeks since the last update. Nearly total silence from management. One of whom apparently has plenty of time to update his Facebook page but no time to update his backers. Oh we'll it was bound to happen sooner or later. I've backed a number of projects. None of them have ignored their backers like this. Rather than giving us some sorry excuse why the project has been delayed yet again, how about those pics that were promised, or maybe even the ship date. I wouldn't even care if we didnt even get our rings, but the lack of updates have been a slap in the face to us backers. @Murray: +1 Guys, can we please have an official completion date for this project that outlines exactly when to expect our pledged purchases to be shipped. This date should be your line in the sand so be generous if you need to but for me personally I need a definite date now, it's becoming too risky that this is a scam project without some kind of promised date that WILL NOT BE EXTENDED. Thank you As others have all ready stated, their lack of updates is mind boggling. I've yet to read a response how China is creating this cutting edge piece of technology but lacks email/digital pictures required for the most basic of updates. Starting to think the worst. Wait, you are waiting for new models to arrive from the factory again? Didn't you learn from last time that getting pictures of the rings would save you weeks of time if something is obviously wrong with it? Are there no cameras or email in China? This is just begging for another delay. And if you are just waiting, you should have time to answer questions, like when do you think the rings will actually be shipped to backers? Thanks for the update, look forward to the pics. Yay an update! Please follow through with your pictures this time! @Jake Underwood: I never said doing nothing is negative. But doing nothing gets nothing done. And if Ringbow doesn't come to fruition, they don't have enough money to give everyone refunds. It's been nearly 9 months, the money is probably gone by now. And to anyone that asks for a refund, they will say 'it wouldn't be fair to everyone to give a refund to one person, so we can't do that'. . Also, it always makes me shake my head when people write off lack of updates because the project creator is 'busy doing their job'. It only takes 30 minutes every 1 or 2 weeks to write up an update. Plus, if the Kickstarter backers didn't fund it, they wouldn't have a job. Giving us updates would not make a project later, and it would at least make us feel involved. . I would be cheering for the Ringbow team if they actually provided useful updates, gave us a new estimated completion date, and actually provided proof that a Ringbow is being created. Pictures of a 3D printed ring and a computer screen with a CAD ring are not proof. And what are the project creators actually doing if they are waiting on a mold in China to be complete? It seems like they should have plenty of time to give us a 30 minute update. . Side Note: Under the Ringbow 'full bio', it says they haven't logged in since March 13. That doesn't make me feel any better. @DerekC: As far as I'm concerned, doing nothing isn't being negative. If we let them do their job and get our product, good. If we let them do their job and we don't, fine. We will get refunded. And if its too much work to get however much money back, it seems like the money a backer pledged wasn't that important. It comes down to this: We all took a chance on a project that we knew may or may not be funded. We knew all of this could happen. Yes, they are late and yes, they haven't provided updates like we would all like but booing them from the fan section doesn't make them play better. If we are supportive and kind, they actually might want to talk to us more often. Good luck Ringbow team. Also: "What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers." *will NEVER see the light of day. @Jake Underwook: No, we didn't pay for updates. But we did fund an idea, and as such, the project creators should be keeping us informed on progress. According to Kickstarter School: . "Once your project is successfully funded, don’t forget about all the people that helped make it possible. Let backers and spectators watch your project come to life by sharing the decisions you make with them, explaining how it feels as your goal becomes a reality, and even asking them for feedback. Keeping backers informed and engaged is an essential part of Kickstarter." . It doesn't seem like Ringbow has gone to Kickstarter School. Also, you say nagging won't do much. But doing nothing accomplish even less. With 3 weeks since the last update (where they claimed they would get pictures to us 'soon'), I'm honestly thinking that this product will see the light of day. And according to Kickstarter: . "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." . So I think it is time for some actual proof that Ringbow isn't vaporware, or start asking for some refunds. Last time a checked, we didn't pay for updates. Yes, it would be helpful but let them do their job and get the product out. We all knew this could happen. It's Kickstarter...there is the risk. Nagging them won't do much. Seriously guys its not that hard to put in a simple update, I'm floored by the the massive amount of kickstarter projects where the creators just do not communicate with their backers. Do you think this type of behavior would be tolerated by traditional investors? I'm ready to contact a lawyer and get something rolling here if you guys do not step up to the plate. Just give us an update with solid evidence of actual progression, if that's such a hard request, then you should refund everyone's money and call it a bust. Any update please? Are these shipping yet or do you at least have production stills or even a video of the Ringbow in action?? Two weeks later, and still no pictures: "Since we’re not physically there at the site, we’re short on pictures. We're working on getting some soon." Email must be slow in China. @Andreas: Props to the lawyer for seeking the truth, although I feel terrible for the Kickstarter backers. Hopefully Ringbow will not follow in that project's footsteps, although I can't imagine Ringbow has too much money left after 8 months. @Derek C: one time someone tried a scam on Kickstarter, one of the backers was a lawyer who didn't rest until the guy was tracked down and his existence ruined. Unfortunately, he was in debt, so nobody got the money back: <url>“cool idea” stage of a project. I'm definitely not backing those. LoL, I know exactly how you feel Ash. I guess we are all just waiting right now. I feel the creators of this project are having a hard time doing updates and communicating with us because of all the issues they are encountering. I guess if we got constant updates we would just have more to nitpick and complain about and likewise if they only do updates when they have "something solid to say" well, we just pick those apart too. I guess it all boils down to whether this project is a "real" one or a fake one. I've had to deal with a few Kickstarter projects and most times its a matter of inventors and designers brings something they are excited about... but we forget they aren't PR specialists or they aren't in Marketing. If every kickstarter project had a "marketing department" we would get non stop updates and they would put a positive spin on everything. I guess with this project I am still waiting and wondering what will happen. I haven't given hope up on it yet. but I have learnt to stop backing Technology driven Kickstarter projects, since they are never really ready on time, and at the pace technology moves, they are obsolete by the time they are delivered. Hello is anybody out there?? I do not intend to add fuel to the fire but we're on about our 10th month - weekly updates at a minimum would be extremely helpful for us to keep the faith, and how long does a sentence or two to draft for financial backers really take? @Ryan Devroeg: Are you surprised? well i'm back and no new update Seriously Ringbow, where's an update? Any way we can get a refund?? Any update? It's been a month since the last one. Time is relative, as long as delivery is before iOS and Android are replaced with other operating systems I'm ok with it. @ringbow Thats good to hear, I guess. But you know, there wouldn't be any speculations if you guys would just give us bi-weekly updates. Or anything other than "we're doing some stuff sometime in the near future, here's nothing to look at while you wait." Im not expecting, full detailed reports. But a few screen caps of the completed assembly or any design plans from the people you're doing the molding. Hell, a realistic timeline from now til delivery would be nice. @danny: There won't be much to develop for if the Rings never show up. :-P @Derek C . you forgot about the Developer's Kit. LOL. On April 10, 2013, this project will have taken twice as long as Ringbow predicted (262 days vs. 131 days predicted). It is plain to see Ringbow will not be done by this date. Even though there were problems, taking twice as long to complete something shows a lack of experience and ability to judge production times. . At the very least, please finish the box design and box production for the Ringbow while waiting for the molds. I would hate to hear "Now we have made the Ringbows, and are going to work on the box". I look forward to an update soon, and I hope it contains some good news. we can only hope so @Ringbow: That is good news. Although I suspect that my prediction of "it is safe to assume it won't be finished until at least early April" is fairly accurate. Although I'm beginning to think that it will take until late April, early May now. @Jason: I am doubting we will see one anymore. I bet they had good intentions, but their lack of experience has cost them their kickstarter funds (going to molds that didn't fit, spending money and time redesigning the ring, etc.). I don't think they have enough Kickstarter money left to make them. If they borrow money, or get a round of VC funding, then maybe. But at this point, I don't think they can get VC funding. @Derec C: Dunno about the others who fit that category but I have been a tad too annoyed to comment about it. Though I'm wondering if they meant to say Nov 2013 instead of Nov 2012. We "might" see them by then. Track record of kickstarter projects I've backed haven't gone so well so far. I actually stopped funding anything because I was tired of it. @greg gibson: Yeah, I especially feel bad for the people that payed $150 and $240. And I feel terrible for whatever poor soul paid $4300 for a distributor package. They should be hopping mad. I'm surprised they wouldn't comment here more asking questions. Unless it was a member of the Ringbow team that pledged it, simply to increase the amount raised or something. i thought maybe i jumped the gun back in dec but i'm gonna have to go with my original thought that we've been jipped. if the creators of RINGBOW would like to prove me wrong i would like to know how much of the 135000 you have left. not to get into your financial business but for me to know if this project is dead in the water or if its just taking forever. @danny: I think you are right. They've had almost enough time to complete the project almost twice by now. Their money is almost surely gone, as it has been 8 months since funding was over. I doubt that we will ever see a Ringbow. And their lack of response seems to prove that. @Derek C. there probably have been no decisions and I would bet manufacturing has not started. I would venture to say the creators are FOS and are starting from scratch they have probably burned through all of the cash and are looking for a cheap out to pacify backers. When was the last time they discussed releasing the API ? kickstarter is headed to netscapevile. @Ringbow: Posted on Feb. 12: "Only a few more days until we all sit together to review the files, the injection strategy, the assembly plan and the timing for all that. Then we’ll confirm the process and begin manufacturing the plastic molds." . What has been decided for the assembly plan and timing? Have you begun manufacturing plastic molds? @Jerry: Yeah, I was kinda thinking about that. I like the novelty of it, but I might back out before the pledge round is over. I'm a little tired of Kickstarter and its lack of holding project creators accountable, and I don't really want to wait for another thing for another 6 months. If it is successful, I'll buy it when it comes out. This Ringbow is probably the last reward I will receive, although I've pledged for 3 other things since. Although I wish the mycestro team well, I'm looking forward to not having any investment in Kickstarter projects. Derek, that's nice but there is a link in the comments about a mouse like that. I have one its very frustrating and it's hard to do stuff on it. Even on the video he is struggling to move. I still have faith in this project. Hopefully they don't let us down. For those of you interested, a new mouse ring-like device has surfaced on Kickstarter: <url>"Kickstarter is being misunderstood and abused as a Pre-order system by some. That's not how it works." You are correct. However, the creators of projects are abusing the system as well. Creators are pitching a good idea and claiming it will be done in a reasonable amount of time simply to receive more pledges (and more money), then consistently being late in delivering their product. Frankly, with 84% of Kickstarter projects being late, I would definitely blame project creators more than project backers. Personally, I believe Kickstarter should enact a fine for being delayed, or only give pledge money in installments as the creators achieve set goals. That way creators would have to make progress before receiving all of the money, and it would make creators think twice about the delivery date that they set. I think it is safe to say that project creators set a relatively close delivery date simply to get more support instead of a date that they could actually deliver by. Creators know that people are using Kickstarter like a pre-order website, and are using it to their advantage. While I've already asked for a refund once they start shipping if this project ends up being a bust I'm also prepared to take this to small claims court. As per kickstarter's rules, the project is required to deliver all rewards or refund backers that do not get rewards. By failing to deliver, they give us a cause of action to pursue in court. So, orion, while we did fund a startup with our pledges, we also contracted with them to receive our promised rewards. So failing to deliver would put them in breach and would not dismiss their liability to us, regardless of circumstances. Short of declaring bankruptcy and ruining their future careers, we are all entitled to something. Instead of investing in YOU to bring your product to market.. we've invested in you to invent your product. I have learned a valuable lesson. My friend warned me that this one would not come to fruition. Now i see what should have been so obvious in the first place when checking out projects to fund/back. I think i missed it because i let myself get too excited about a product that was truly what i thought i may have been looking for, for many years really. And so failed to notice the hints in the details of the information presented here, that you didn't have a product that needed help getting manufactured and brought to market(sold). you needed funding to get your products Research and Development. i.e. the product itself. I was really clued in when the "SDK" wound up being hype. as one backer put it.. a Marketing Guide, not an SDK. But, i was already in it. (sadface) well, im going to predict we have been scammed. Seeing how they have spent most of the kickstarter funds.. there's no way they can afford to manufacture 2,279+ ringbows. And.. obviously... they never actually had a product. if they had.. it wouldn't have "changed" so drastically. Bye Bye $100. @ Orion, if you choose to happily wait for your investment to miss deadlines and work on designs, cheers. as an investor at what point do you choose to say I don't believe you can deliver on what you said you could? . as an investor who wants to just sit back and wait or take a loss (see:Zioneyez) ? as an investor i am asking why spend more of my investment in you on shipping ? so at the end of the day who cares why you are funding the project ? for support, as a pre order system, a gift for granny or your gizmodo review ?everyone put down cash. waiting until project owners figure it out gets old quick Danny, the reason you have to wait until the product ships to get a refund is because you did not pre-order the item. A lot of people are missing the point here - you did not purchase or preorder a product when you backed on Kickstarter. You funded a startup or project who offered to send you back something to thank you for funding them. If the project fails, you don't get your money back. Until you get the item, you are an invested party - not somebody who preordered. You can't get a refund for something you never purchased. Kickstarter is being misunderstood and abused as a Pre-order system by some. That's not how it works. I may regret funding a failed project or one that ends up delivering a sub-par product, but I understand that I am funding for the purpose of support, not for the purpose of ordering something. why do we have to wait until the product ships to get a refund ? what if we dont want the product ? why not save yourselves the shipping costs. I want out. When can I get the products? Yeah, so I don't want this thing anymore. Can I get my money back? The design changes have made it look hideous, giant, impractical, and just downright bad. You've also missed the deadline by ages. I want out, hell, I'll probably end up throwing this piece of garbage out if I get it anyway. Welcome to the world of hardware folks. After working on numerous new product launches over the years, the only common rule of thumb is that things generally take twice as much time, and twice as much capital as anticipated. While disappointing, I commend the ringbow team for not compromising on QA just to get product to us. Hopefully, you'll clear the manufacturing hurdle...as the frustration expressed by us backers is a good sign of the strong appetite for your product (as originally conceived.) I went back and looked at it. You called it a Ringbow Development Guide. It is pretty clearly neither an SDK or API. Are we ever going to get an actual SDK (Software Development Kit) or API or anything? The only thing I've gotten when you said that you were sending out the SDK seemed more like a marketing pdf. @Ringbow: Thanks for the update. But I have a few questions, and I am confused on a few points. . 1. Can you tell us why the size change happened? If you send a manufacturer the files with the size, they shouldn't be able to just change it. . 2. According to Ringbow on Nov. 16: "During the past few weeks we've made the difficult decision to do an about turn and work with a different manufacturing facility who is better able to fulfill our quality demands...We are now very encouraged by the speed and quality of the new manufacturer and are certain that the final product will be a much better product for it." It doesn't appear that your change in manufacturer was a great idea at all. What was wrong with the last one? It couldn't have been any worse than the one you are using now. Was there a different motive for switching, like your new manufacturer giving you a better price? . 3. Why did you have to receive samples to see that the size was wrong? Couldn't you have simply received pictures of it and seen that? It would have saved 1-2 weeks. Samples take a while to arrive, pictures in emails take minutes at most. Please consider using this in the future. . 4. The Ringbow on your engineer's screen in the latest update is a very different shape of the Ringbow in the picture below it. Why? What is that Ringbow's purpose? Please don't change it to that shape, because it is a very ugly design. . 5. How will using Stereolithography help in producing your molds? You can't make a mold from the 3D printed Ringbow, so it will still take time to make that mold and test and tweak it, even if the 3D one was perfect. . 6. Finally, how did you possibly think that you would deliver the Ringbow's in November? Even in your best case scenario, you couldn't have gotten them to us until January. Now with the extra month and a half delay, we won't get these until at least April, best case. That is longer than the Pebble took to make their product (Pebble: May 18->Jan 23 = 8 months 5 days) (Ringbow: July 22-> ~April 1st = 8 months 9 days). And the Pebble watch is a more complicated device by far. Yeah, there is no way we are getting this in February. Or probably March, for that matter. When will they tell us that? Probably not until mid February. I don't see why it is so difficult for you to post updates. I check Kickstarter daily, have you not seen your backers clamoring for information? It would help to ease concerns if you were transparent in the process, at this point it seems you don't really know what you are doing with the $135,000 your backers put up. At the least you should respect those that funded the project by keeping us in the loop. @Ringobw: "During the following week we'll perform some tests. We'll share our assessments and will keep you posted on any progress." Where are the test results, assessments, and progress? Ring-No "The funding went to cover the expenses for components, sub-contractors, tooling, molds, firmware, software, etc. As of today, most of the funds we raised on Kickstarter have already been utilized. If a scenario occurs in which a large number of backers requests a refund, we unfortunately will not be able to accommodate that request." I am not one of those seeking a refund - we'll see how big and how late this thing becomes. Many of your suppliers are presumably in breach of contract, given the range of problems and slippage you have suffered. If it comes to it, I expect you will recover some of your costs from them. Good to see some progress, pictures and discussion of the ergonomics. Keep them coming! Here is a like of what I was hoping Ringbow could be like. I know this uses a receiver, but I was planning on using this for my laptop anyway. <url>"We are expecting the newest samples to arrive next week." It's been a month. Plus, you'd think they would shell out a few extra bucks to have a small ring sample sent to them faster than a month. But either way, an email from China still only takes a few seconds. So i don't see why we don't have any actual pictures of what it will look like. Well, unless you're willing to pay a lot of money for shipment by air, shipping from China takes about a month. @Ringbow: Have you received your samples yet? We have been waiting for them to 'arrive' for a month now. And another important question: Can we expect them to ship this month? You stated "We're doing everything we can to have your Ringbows on their way by January". Yet we haven't even seen a picture of what it looks like. Please respond. Thank you for posting the video of the pairing process. It is things like that video that should be put in updates instead of in the comments section. It gives me hope that this project will actually be completed. Now I am just hoping for pictures of how the device will look, and maybe a video of it being used with both a tablet and a laptop. . For the people that didn't see the link to the video, here it is: <url>"While we’re waiting for the samples to arrive": we are still waitiing for samples? We've been waiting for 3 weeks for the samples to arrive. Even the slow boat from China can usually arrive to the U.S. in less than 3 weeks. And why do we have to wait for samples to view pictures? . "We successfully paired the ring on the first try": So you have a ring you are testing with. Why can't we see a picture of it? Or even better, a video of you pairing it? Give me one good reason we haven't been shown a single picture of the product yet. . I hate to say it, but I think we have been scammed. Which I'm sad about, because it seems like a great potential product. I'm hoping I'm completely wrong, but until we are shown pictures and videos of the device, I will believe that we have been conned. What a disappointment. I was giving these guys the benefit of the doubt from the beginning, but this is straight up B.S. 5 months, not a SINGLE photo of any production anything - I am finally going over to the "this is not going to happen' camp. Regardless of the future of this project, I am requesting a refund. This is an utter disappointment. With no photographic evidence of progress it appears that this project may not fulfill. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. These terms create a legal requirement for Ringbow to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. Ringbow must make a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Despite many numerous requests Ringbow still refuse to post any photos or evidence of progress. Time may have come fellow backers to consider legal action and make this a Kickstarter test case. @Ringbow: On Dec. 12 you stated: "We are expecting the newest samples to arrive next week. Once they're here, we'll document and share with you the testing process. On our next visit to the factory we'll take plenty of photos so that you'll be able to see everything coming through." That was 2.5 weeks ago. So the samples should have arrived, and we should have received an update about the testing process. When will we get this update? And did you visit the factory yet? Even if you haven't, why couldn't someone email you a few pictures? I just don't understand why, after 5 months since funding, not one picture has been shown to prove actual work has been done. My apologies, I may have jumped the gun on that one. But with the lack of updates and promised pictures i got worried and decided to check the website and facebook profile for some sort of update and at the time they were both down. So you can understand my concern I guess what im trying to say is you would set more people at ease with more updates... and pictures. why do i get this feeling that we've all been jipped? maybe its just me but the ringbow website is down tonight at 11:45 pm and when i clicked efrat barit's facebook page it says that its been deleted. anybody else having these kind of problems? @Ringbow: A sincere 'thanks' for the response. It is good to hear from you and receive at least a little information. I am looking forward to the next update and seeing a few pictures of the product. Good luck, and have a Merry Christmas!! :-) I see you have changed the estimated delivery on your website to February 2013. Does that go for us too, or will we receive ours earlier than that? Please let us know. Like everyone else, I would like more communication from the Ringbow team. I find it hard to believe that we have not seen an actual picture of the device in the 5 months since this project was funded. That, and the severe lack of communication, makes me very wary of the true intentions of this Kickstarter project. Last week you stated 'We are expecting the newest samples to arrive next week'. It is 'next week', can we see pics of the new samples? I also find it hard to believe that you aren't fully staffed due to Christmas, even though Christmas was two weeks away when you posted! How long of a break is your team taking? And can we realistically expet these in January when you are still doing testing production runs? This project has been a major disappointment, almost all due to the nonexistent communication. I am starting to regret backing the Ringbow team. How do we go about getting a refund sent a message about getting a refund a week ago with no response. Hello Ringbow. Is this project still being produced? Please advise a date of completion and shipping. Or is this a scam? how do we go about getting a refund ? this project is a failure in my eyes. I agree that it isn't the wait (we all want to be delivered a working, well designed device), it's the lack of communication, honest deadlines and actual photographic evidence of production samples that are a worry at this stage. I don't mind waiting another couple of months for a finished functional product, as that's what we backed for, but when you've been pledged $135,000 by a group of people with whom you can contact by bulk via a central delivery system, it's not hard to chuck up a weekly update with specific production details and maybe a photo of the production sample. This project needs to be more transparent, please respect us as investors and give some REAL updates and timeline. I'm concerned that by the time my ringbow ships, I will not be at the designated shipping address as I do not get back to that address until the 17 January next year so if shipping happens between this week and that period of time I am not going to even receive my product. Is there a work around or more accurate shipping update that we can please have so I can feel less stressed about if I will even get to receive the product that I have waited for all this time? Please advise. @Ringbow: Remember that we believe and trust in you and your company enough to invest on the idea and prototype. Being that we are your investors, we need to have a happy and transparent relationship. Delays happen, just keep us updated along the way. If you keep us posted, even if there is nothing new to report, we can have that feeling that we are in the loop! @Ringbow: You claim you want to exceed or at least meet expectations. Well, one of my expectations is that you keep us informed on the progress of the Ringbows as well as let us know when we can expect to receive them. It is my expectation that a project creator that received a large sum of money from backers keep those backers informed and answer questions they may have. You are seriously failing on meeting these expectations. You claim to be listening, but I don't believe you are. And you are definitely not talking. Please update us on some actual concrete information, like pictures and a ship date. Thank you. Ringbow: I believe and appreciate the fact that you are doing your best to produce the Ringbows as best and as quickly as possible. I am sure things are frustrating when delays happen. However, please let us in on WHY delays are happening and how long they are taking. It is better to give us a light so we can see the end of the tunnel than to leave us in the dark, guessing how far away the end is. . In your last comment, you managed to say a lot but not answer any questions. When is the next update happening? When will we get to see pictures of the Ringbows? When is the estimated ship date for the Ringbows? Please give us concrete answers. The worst is not the waiting, but the not knowing. @Stephen and @derek I agree completely with both. The lack of communication is the bigest problem of this proyect @Stephen: I agree completely. We have had only 4 updates since the project ended 4.5 months ago. Considering this project was supposed to be finished last month, the communication has been pathetic. I would be okay with the delay if we were told why it was happening and were shown a few pictures of progress. . On October 22 they said "We're waiting for pictures and samples of the latest tweak, will share when having them ready." That was 1.5 months ago. Are samples not ready yet? Have there been more delays that they haven't told us? Will they be shipped this month? Of the Kickstarters I've pledged that have reached their fulfillment dates, 5 of them have come through and 4 haven't yet. I don't think that that is too bad considering the nature of Kickstarter. For Ringbow, I've been unhappy with the lack of communication. I think most of expect that there may be some big set backs in hitting the fulfillment dates. In the projects that run long, people are much, much more understanding if there is some transparent communication as to what is going on. Also, I was very unhappy about the "SDK" release that turned out not to be an SDK at all, that wasn't even an API doc, but instead a PDF with some general information about how it could potentially be used. Given how poor the communication has been so far, I'm not holding out much hope for this project, but they could easily turn this around but just telling us what is going on and giving us an update on when we can reasonably expect the Ringbows and an actual SDK. kickstaller had such potential. yet almost every single project fails to come close to delivery. there should be a penalty for false advertising. I think it is time for another update. We are into December, and I am sure many of us are wondering if we will get the Ringbows by Christmas. Plus, we haven't been shown any pictures of the rings at all, even though you said they are in production two weeks ago. Is it possible to please have another update? maybe with some pictures of the product and an approx shipping date? I would really like to have this before Christmas. Thank You! :) Still no updates. Not looking good... Exactly half the month now. Ohh the anticipation... Almost half the month has passed. Is it possible to post an update as to where the project is in terms of completion? Please give us another update soon! Since the project finished over 3 and a half months ago, there have only been 3 updates, none of which contain any actual pictures of the Rings as they have been produced. I like projects that keep backers informed and make them feel involved with the project. I am disappointed that this project is so lacking on updates. I just hope that the Ringbow production is still on track for shipping this month. Any updates? Would you guys be able to ship this month (year)? Oh, btw, i thought of something... i want to ask, are you going to consider making a rollerball thumbstick version of the ringbow in the near future? I have seen some products that have those types of control yet do not protrude from the device... just providing food for thought... Are the rings almost done? It's november already, we might have to wait til the holidays but still, where are you in terms of development...? Unexpected things always can occur anywhere and anytime. In such case the most important iniciative: stay in touch and keep communication alive. Sucks! 90% of them on Kickstarter never make their deadline to deliver. Always delays when you try to improve it after you set urself a standard. Never am I going to back a project. Wish they had an option to " UNBACK" or get your money back. Any chance for a few photos? If it is supposed to be shipped this month, there must be a picture or two of it that you could show us! :-) Hi Creator, Regarding delivery, can you put on the invoice a gift or sample as the Customs will hit us heavy and as we are backers and did not buy the Ringbow , it is a thank you for backing you. Any update? So what's happening with this project exactly? can we expect our pledges to ship in November as expected? Will there be a update soon? It's been more than a month since the last update, and I'm hoping for some good news. :-) Any photos yet?? Was wondering if there is going to be an update on how manufacturing is going anytime soon. Excited to see this thing become a reality :) Is there anyway we could get an estimated delivery time or an update on the manufacturing process? It's been over 3 weeks since the last update. Any good news? It would be great to see a few pictures of the boards, as well as the ring design. : Just 1 month to go! Getting Very excited! :-D Any pics yet for us to drool over :-) Can't wait to get this on my finger! Just got an iPad as a gift from my dad and I'm REALLY excited to try the Ringbow out! How is production coming along? November is coming up quick! So excited! Can we see any pics of the boards or some of the current ring designs? What are we going to expect with regards to the SDKs if you don't mind me asking? thoragh: I quote: "Ringbow works on Android, iOS (coming very soon) and supports any Bluetooth enabled device." And now they have said it works on iOS, so it works on pretty much anything. Will the rings work for both IOS and Android? When I backed this I had an iPhone, now I have and android phone. I had previously put that I wanted this for the iOS. Just want to make sure the apps and ring will work on both. :) Thank you for the quick response. Almost end of the month but what are we to expect when it comes to the SDKs? Cd, flash drive or will it be a program delivered by Email? How are things coming together? I know you guys are busy, but I can't wait to hear something on the progress that you two are making!! A bi-weekly update would be fine for me. But it has been 3 weeks since the last one, so update please! Pics would be awesome. :-) Honestly, how about a weekly update. It need not be a huge effort. Really, cannot spend 15 minutes a week on us? @Ringbow any updates to report yet? just checking what the estimated shipping date is for the pre-order/pledgers? Hi there! At first let me congratulate you for your amazing product ! :-) I do not know if anyone mentioned this before but could you label international shippings to germany as a 'gift' please! OtherwiseI have to pay taxes. If you can't label it as a gift at least put the bill on the package so you can see it. Got much hassle with my makey makey order last week because of it. Thank you! In the defence for Ringbow, some people have to realise that starting any company these days is very difficult and to ensure there are no major hiccups (so we get our products on time) you need to sometimes prioritize your time on some things over others. I've seen way longer update intervals so a month is nothing. Keep up the good work Ringbow! I am beginning to think you you dont think a lot of your backers as your not very responsive when asked a question. it is 3 weeks ago since you promised pictures and also 3 day since we asked for an update. Not very good is it. +1 for update(s) Derek I agree, I think we need an update soon It's been nearly a month since the last update. Any good news? I would like to know how the rings are coming along. :) Just wondering, how are the initial tooling and configurations coming along? I too hope there will be pictures and updates soon... Hooray for pictures... and for the fast reply! :-) I'm just wondering if there are already any updates, news or images since "the real work" begun. ;-) I got two, one for me and one for a friend... kinda wish I had more money so I could get myself one. I too have completed my survey, though I answered yes on the API question, i am not a developer though i am interested in how the API itself runs. Woohoo! Glad to have got the survery out of the way! Can't wait for more updates, and truly can't wait to try Ringbow out for the first time! Are you going to release plugins for GameSalad? P.S. There are two such types of lazer tag gun models I am aware of. One would be made by hasbro and another I found here on kickstarter. Today I was talking to a friend about Ringbow. I told him about its bluetooth capabilities and how it could be used as a controller in action, fighting, or RPG game types. I was about to go into shooters when he reminded me about another product that was going to be out soon. Anyone heard of Lazer Tag? The old shooting game requiring some equipment such as vest and gun apparatus? Well, there is going to be a new apparatus gun equipment with no vest. Rather, one can hook up their Smartphone and play the game using either augmented reality or with other people. Furthermore, the phone acts as an hud and allows players to keep control of health, shields, etc. Just food for thought but the question now is how to integrate the ring bow into such a game, if possible. Once again, just providing food for thought. You guys know whats really going to be a sweet trick, is when someone gets the Ringbow to work with the Ouya project that is currently on Kickstarter! I've supported Ringbow, and trying to get money together to support Ouya (which has a touch interface on the controller surface), and I think the combination of the two could make for an incredible gaming experience! Funny enough i can see two ring bows completely replacing a gamepad. One ring on one hand focusing on primary movement of characters and the other focusing on actions a character might take. Adding to that the ability to touch the screen or mousepad and we really have a lot to work with regards to creating really fun, innovative and detailed types of games. I bought the Dev kit with two ring bows so this should be exceptionally fun to experiment with. Congratulations to Ringbow for more than succeeding your target - reaching $135,002 is a fantastic result for which you have worked so tirelessly and with such dedication. It has been amazing tracking your progress with kickstarter. I have never experienced anything like it and I will miss the tension and excitement of watching it edge forward these past few weeks. However, I now look forward to hearing about your next steps to bring Ringbow to fruition and I wish you every success. P.S. Um, if thats too much hehe, sorry... Let me extend a congratulatory message for the creators of the Ringbow. I have never seen anything like this online before but i am proud to be part of such a great undertaking. Though i would have wanted the limited edition i think the pledge i posted should be enough for me. Once again congrats and heres to a new generation of mobile gaming! Thank you so much for allowing many to experience the fruits of your creativity! congrats You guys rock! I updated my order to $63 so i could get the color pick and pimp my ringbow sticker pack :) cant wait for it to come in my mailbox!!!! :D Please give the benefit of the doubt ill change my pledge now to $100 if i can make it. Congrats Team on $135K+ does this mean i can't get the dev kit at $56? huh, i guess I'm too late, ok my pledge stands at $56. Thank you. Is it possible to get the dev kit with two color pick ring bows? If so how much should i pledge? Thx. for the rapid response. Eagerly looking fwd. to using Ringbow. Cheers! Hi Guy, I previously pledged $35 for the Early Bird. To add another Ringbow, do I increase pledge to $80. waiting to hear back from u. Thx. Ok I'm finally in with only a couple of hours left to go, pretty curious to see how this is going to work as a whole with an iPad and with a few of my other devices. Congrats on funding, and looking forward to recieving this device! Just bought one....very excited to receive it! This is really a great project and innovative idea! Congrats and good luck with production! I'm to excited! I don't think I can wait till nov! Congrats guys! I couldn't let this project go by without getting in on it. I'm not a developer, but just a tinkerer. I'm amazed at the concept behind your idea. A compact wearable joystick/mouse, now thats just cool!!! (I'm thinking possible remote for my electronic projects). Thanks for sharing your vision with us, and good luck to you and your team. I've updated my pledge on the Early Bird Special to $90 ($35 for the Early bird Slate Black, $45 for the second Slate Black, and $10 for international shipping). Thank you! =) I pledged $110 for the Dev Kit tier, and also the pick your own color tier. Wasn't sure if I needed to tell you now or later. Thanks! I update my pledge to $110. I want 2 slate black ringbows and the Dev Kit. I choose the $65 pledge and add $45 and $10 for the international shipping. ok so i update my pledge to 155 plz note it for the MULTIPLAYER PACK and DEV KIT Question real rast. If I want two ringbows one of the the limited edition how do I go about doing that? Great idea and great device! Will there be opportunity to invest into shares of the company in the future for the original backers? I upped my pledge to 98, i selected 45 but i want 2 black slate rings and a set of stickers will that work or should i send you guys another email to confirm? @ Baron Kenna, yes you can pair more than one bluetooth device with a pc. @ Roy, Yes you can get the Dev Kit with the mulitiplayer pack. i pledge for multiplayer pack and i want also the dev kit for the api. do i need to pledge for dev kit also or i will have the api from the multiplayer pack? if multiplayer don't come with the api how do i pledge for multiplayer pack and dev kit ? Can you pair two bluetooth devices to one computer ? Thanks. I just doubled my pledge. Thank you for the reply! I look forward to receiving the ringbows =) Hi, if I wanted 2 slate black ringbows, do I choose the $45 pledge and enter $90? Also, if I need international shipping, is it just an additional $10 for both rings, or $10 for each? Thanks! If I double my pledge amount for the Family pack (i.e. from $240 to $480), does that entitle me to two Family packs, or do I still get just one? I'm less interested in this as a gaming accessory (not that it isn't cool for that) and more as a controller for wearable augmented reality gear like Google Glasses. I pledged for the dev package specifically to mess around with AR. Are other people looking at working on this? I ordered the two pack. We won't be using for games but rather for a media player. Please keep us in the loop as developers. 2000 ? 2003 and counting (-: Go RingBow Go !!!!!! 2000 backers! nice. Yes Ringbow, how about an updated video before it closes. Hey Ringbow, only four days left. Can we expect any updates before then? How are the prototypes coming along? Just-so-excited. wo-ho-ho-w, amazing. very good job ringbow. I'm proud of you Nice work! I can't wait to start using my Ringbow! good job all :) we nerve stop <url>"the Ringbow is a keyboard-type device" so it can be used with a desktop. So, what kind of customization is available thru the API? Also, will the development kit be available after the (successful) kickstarter? Open source? License? Fees, royalties???? Thanks i got in on the $35 earlybird. how can i also pledge another $45 and get a second ring? thanks love the stickers! especially 'my precious'! good luck guys, so almost there, well done on an awesome campaign! Just upped my pledge to get the stickers! Gotta pimp out my Ringbow. @Ringbow Thanks! I am glad to support such an innovative idea. I look forward to receiving the Ringbow and start interacting with my devices in a whole new way. :) the joystick are they all back lit with a green LED, even the slate black one? Sweet thanx! So if I add $16 to my pledge can I get 2 sticker packs? @Ben Android is already supported. They are just saying that iOS will be supported at launch too! :) I just saw from the update that ringbow will support iOS on launch, is Android support not available 'out of the box' also? We're almost there! At current rate, it should take only 1 more day! We are so close. In another day or two, I believe we may just have a fully funded project!! @Kevin Yep! The estimated delivery date is this November, according to the pledge description. Let's hope that they can finish thier prototypes and go into production soon after the project is backed! When are the Ringbows slated to ship? I can't wait to show it off. Is it November? this is going to be the best! Can't wait to be able to use this with my computer(s). It will be nice to not have to move my hands from the keyboard to the mouse and back useing desktops! @Derek Are you positive Slate Black is an option. I ask because it seems that the color choices are the 5 white rings and the slate black is a special edition. Thanks. @Greg Yep!! You can choose which colors you would like. You can choose a slate black for one ring, and another color for the other ring (if you wanted). It's your choice! :) I want to change my pledge to the multiplayer pledge pack, but I really want one of them to be the slate black version. Can anyone confirm this is a choice before I go change anything? OOOOOOH YEAH! Ringbow is in the HOME STRETCH! Don't wimp out now, Kickstarters! I think this would be fantastic for use with mine craft if they can make compatible! Please look into this! less then 10000!! @James I totally agree. I plan on using this to control my devices (iPad and computer) more than playing games with it. Using this during my college presentations will allow me to use more natural hand gestures, without having to hold a wireless mouse. The gaming functionality is cool, but honestly I'm WAY more excited to use this to flip pages and scroll through websites on my iPad. I've been looking for a way to peruse content without having my hands all over the screen ever since I first got an iPad, and now here it is! This needs to be compatible with the Final Fantasy III app on Android. SO awesome! Hi, it will be great to flip pages on Kindle, when i sit in my chair and read my books on the tv. Actually i use a BT-keyboard to flip pages. :) Fantastic device. As Mobile Developers, this thing is right up our alley. Very glad to be a backer. Your comment on the Ouya project led me here, so that was well placed! We'll do the same and say, "Check out our crazy mobile game we're raising funding for right now! <url>" i would like to see the newest version of ringbow on a hand and in use of a game. Also will it be able to control sphero. How many button (if any) does Ringbow have expect the D-Pad? on PC does the D-Pad is mapped as a arrow key or can be configured to a WSAD for FPS game? Thanks This is one of the most ingenious accessories I have ever seen. Truly innovative and useful! Please support this product, Kickstarters! Though frankly, there is some place for improvement. D-pad is discrete and will be firing the events like "pressed DownRight", won't it? Videos suggest so. But for a complete hands-free solution, it could be much better if the device is providing several input axes. And this could be done by integrating a Synaptics trackpoint/ultranav device, which supports clicks as well as two axes. You ARE aware that this is the ultimate interface for any wearable computer (like Google Glass, or AR-Go, or Olympus MEG4.0), aren't you? Well, actually, ring-based device is THE ONLY interface concept that comes to the mind, when thinking about an input device for a wearable computer. In aspect of controlling the music players, playing on iPads, augmenting the PC input, that's no more than an interesting toy. But for a wearable computer, this is the natural fit. You don't have even to take your hands from your pockets, when looking at something through Google Glasses and at the same time using the Ringbow to control the interface and, say, starting to take a video of an incident or choosing the destination in Google Maps. Being the fan of wearable systems, backing it immediately. Hi, I notice there is not a lot of questions been asked on this project as the other 2 I have backed. It is a very quiet comment page. I would love to see a video using the Ringbow on car racing games and 3D shooting games, I think it would be great to see. Thanks Woohoo $80,000 it is getting close! It would be cool if you could use this to control the phone. I'm thinking paired with an iPhone's VoiceOver capability, this would be great for blind users. My friend uses the iPhone 4 with VoiceOver, and I know this would be the best thing for him. Any ideas on how/if that can be accomplished? AHHH!!!! 3/4 of the way there!! So thrilling. I cannot wait for you all to go big! That's probably enough exclamation, but I'm so excited to see your goals coming to fruition. I had a dream that I was using a Ringbow to move around (and some weird glove for the action keys) while playing my Playstation 3, and it just seemed right. I can tell that Rignbow is the future of game control. Thanks for getting us started! Is there any chance you can add Gyro/Accelerometer to the Ringbow or a companion ring? I can't wait for this to come out. It is something that the touchpad gaming industry has needed since it existed. The next best thing would be a Ringbow that has an analog stick on it, so you can fully play a FPS. we always look for it but some time we just don't find it . sound to find the phone or to find the ring sounds good :) Will you be releasing the design of the T-shirt and can u release a closer look at the ringbow like a 360 look at it. WRT iOS: do you plan (or did you think about) to support the iCade protocol (I guess iCade simulates a keyboard and specific keys for the directions). Maybe you could implement a compatibility mode for Ringbow to emulate an iCade. The good thing about this: iCade is already supported by a large number of games. So, if you come out with iCade support, you'd instantly have the support for these games which would drastically enhance your audience ... want I look forward to using this for FPS's on my phone - I've always found pure touch controls too awkward to really enjoy games like GTA III. Example uses for outdoors and sports activities: Controlling music player. Counting laps and repetitions. Triggering the Android TEXT-TO-SPEECH TTS to talk out loudly current speed and altitude from gps data (e.g. skiing, paragliding, hanggliding, sky diving, cycling) or lap times. Using the Ringbow during outdoors and sports activities: please PROVIDE FOR A LITTLE EYELET for securing the Ringbow with a small string, e.g. securing it to your hand with a string and a velcro hand-strap. Might be very helpful for the urban warrior as well. Sigh. I'm not on facebook i can see this being used in prosaic word processing too though. . sitting back and slow typing in a relaxed way. Hop it can integrate in pages i am also a tabletop RPGer. i could use it to manipulate the character sheets and such i woud think. thank you. too bad i wont be a part of the Contest I ordered the double-pack and hope we can be included in the DEV KIT (we'll be doing Android). I hope this gets more support it's a great invention with a world of potential, not just for gaming ^^ Seams like a nice gadget to have, hope you get lot's of backers so you can start shipping those ringsbow's to us :) Hope lot's of developers start's making games and programs that uses ringbow. Wow it pass 50%. Hi guys. Great idea and much kudos for trying to get it to market! Very intrigued to see what can be done not just with tablets but also with something like the Kinect for some gun augmented controller craziness. Especially with an accelerometer. Though I wouldn't mind seeing a trackball as an option instead of a d-pad as well. :) Congrats for passing the 50% line. Friends, keep spreading the word! This user's account has been deleted. This would be a great mobile controller to incorporate the tablet with project Glass or any virtual overlay technology. Please keep the option of a software update available via bluetooth, or additional add-on accessories to boost its operational parameters. There will definitely be a need to customize or add-on to the controls for future products/software when Glass/Tablet use is widely adopted. This is a pretty neat idea. It's too bad there's no right-hand ring for buttons. You guys should really contact Google. This could be potenially much better for controlling the Project Glass "Google Glasses" than the one they have built into the eye-wear itself. Hope the slate-black color will be available to choose from in addition to the ones based on white. Continue to spread the word Backers! This is an amazing idea. Can't wait to get a Ringbow of my own (in Blouis CK of course) yes, I think it would be fair / good if everything over $55 will get dev pack. or if ringbow hit over 100k, the dev kit / sdk will be open source to every backers. I have the same pledge/problem as Stephen ... guessing that will be common with small devs. Also, this is a brilliant idea, and my mind is already reeling with coding possibilities! I'm pledging for the multiplayer pack, but would also like access to the dev kit as well. How should I proceed? So excited about this! It will revolutionize my touch screen experience. Good luck! Can you have the driver open source? I would like to develop a driver for it on Linux kernel for Android. This user's account has been deleted. I've seen you in Paris at the "Futur en Seine" event. It was amazing! A super awesome hi-tech initiative - ringbow looks like great fun Is your ringbow water proof? oh and whats about something for the pebble watch? :D the watch only has three buttons but maybe something cool can be done in combination with the ringbow... yes an accelerometer would be amazing. then i could e.g. control my pc, when connected to the tv, via the ring. I am currently using the logitech mouse mx air, which allows just the same thing, steering the mouse by gestures... cannot wait for this to come out. i really like the look of the slate black one. seems very interesting, and useful. i really hope it gets fully funded!! is possible to integrate an accelerometer? that would be great and would open a new way for many more possibilities. like a ring airmouse, and games. Wowzers. Sounds like a fab tool - how does this not exist already. Genius move. Can't wait for it to come out. How long is iOS support out? I'm hoping it'll happen before backers will receive their Ringbows as I only have iOS devices. hi ringbow people! This looks awesome. I dont play games really but i think now i might start! but anyway, looks really useful for other things, especially for controlling my phone while running. i have a name for the grey ring: Theon Greyjoy, or just Greyjoy. good huh?! Such a good idea. This is the sort of thing that will finally wean me off the keyboard for good. Awesome. Really excited about this little gadget. I want a green one called God Save The Green (it ain't no human being). I met Efrat yesterday at a MeetUp event. The prototype of Ringbow is cool and functional. I cannot wait to see what apps will support it. As someone glued to my iphone at all times, I'm really excited to try Ringbow out. I definitely want to try it for games like Draw Something! OMG Pop should make it happen. I think it will also be really useful to answer calls when driving. So many uses. Love it. Good luck guys. first time i've had a gadget named after me, not sure what it does but got myself 5 of these bad boys Re: 'name game' in the updates - I think the names are great. What about 'purple nurple'?! I have pledge for the limited edition. Great idea, beautiful product. Definitely one of the important developments in the decade to come. good luck. you guys are doing a great job. I loved the idea, I pledged for one :) Good luck!! Allready pledged for one... Looks promising, Good Luck guys!! Sounds GREAT... Looking forward to getting my piece Thank you and keep up the updates. is this project already death? Project owner doesn't answer any questions of their backers. Only one of my questions answered thru new FAQ section. A little bit concern about their support in the future if this project funded. Honestly, this is going to get paired with every device I own. Provided that it works as an HID device. Does it? Watch your back !!!! i am there with the rest of the BACKERS... Great product, tons of potential, The revolution of mouse to pc is the revolution of ringbow to touchscreens.... Looks liket the platform for the next "angry birds" manic, I'm in! Could you please give us more technical details like what material are you using, what kind of battery, Bluetooth version, does the ring adjustable etc....I can't find any of those technical info in here and your website. Or I missed something? I love this project and the idea. I don't like this so much for games, but the idea of being able to control stuff with a ring is insanely exciting to me. Seems something that could be really good! :) My kids are pushing for another ringbow- please get this into the market ASAP! this has potential although the games look rather silly and not worth it at all. however the other funktions named, such as drawing, remote for tv, scrolling while reading sound quite good. will it support a windows pc with bluetooth? it would also be nice to be able to switch tracks and change volume while listening to music at home (itunes, mediaplayer or winamp on a pc). the same ofcourse with phones...beeing able to switch tracks while jogging for example. any chance of clipping the current design to clothing/a bag or is the spring mechanism not strong enough? can the phone trigger the light on the ringbow, if there is an incoming call or message waiting on the phone to be read? can this connect to a standard pc with bluetooth? The idea is a good one, but what really sold me is the fact that one of the colors is named "Blouis C.K." I backed almost exclusively for that, lol. I'd love to see this baby in the market, creating all sorts of mayhem on mobile platforms. Let's get you there! Oh yes, go Ringbow! Amazing idea. Each time I tell people about it, they get excited.. Let's think about all potential applications in Healthcare (scans, radiology, robot surgery...), design, gaming, and maybe even the fashionistas (the ring looks nice in all these colours)! My wife would like you to partner with Tiffany's... Great idea! sign me up for 5 piecs Looks great, I've been wanting something like this. Good luck!! This looks awesome. Pledged for 2!! Greate idea, wishing you lots of success ( and of course I have backed you :-) ! My kid, age 8 used the prototype and just loved it. Good luck to the team with this project! Great Product! I've used their prototype myself and was very impressed. Good luck Efrat and Saar!