Thank you to all our backers! We smashed it on day 1 :) Our Kickstarter campaign is now over, but you can still place an order for Sammy Screamer at BleepBleeps.com Check out the rest of the BleepBleeps family and sign up for updates on our website. Join the BleepBleeps journey on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @BleepBleeps Media enquiries: please email <email> - high resolution assets are available here: bleepbleeps.com/press Fancy working with us? We’re hiring! Email us: <email> Investors, distributors, retailers and potential partners please email <email> Everyone else hit us up on <email> we'd love to hear from you! Sammy Screamer is a movement sensor that connects to the BleepBleeps smartphone app. Stick Sammy on the stuff you want to keep an eye on - like a door, a bag, a kid’s buggy or your fridge. Use the BleepBleeps app to set Sammy’s sensitivity and volume. Then if your stuff gets moved Sammy screams and sends a notification to your smartphone! PLAY Sammy Screamer - features: Movement sensor with audible alarm Magnetised back and loop fixing Push notification to your smartphone Bluetooth LE - up to 50 meter range Adjustable settings on the BleepBleeps app Where would you use Sammy? Where would you use Sammy Screamer? Click to tweet or share on Facebook. The Smartphone App Use the BleepBleeps app to activate Sammy and control her settings. Select how loud you want her to scream and choose how sensitive to movement she is. Super-simple user experience: Universal iOS and Android: Rewards for backers Now we need your help :) We are raising funds to launch BleepBleeps and make our products a reality. Making hardware is hard! First of all we have to design the product and build the smartphone app. Then we have to source and pay for all the different components inside Sammy like the accelerometer and Bluetooth unit, the battery, the speaker. And we have to design and make our own unique printed circuit board to connect all the components. Then we have to work with a manufacturer to produce the very expensive tooling to make the plastic case. Then everything has to be assembled, shipped to BleepBleeps, tested and finally shipped to you. A complicated and expensive business. We've tried to be as fair as we can with rewards below. It's important to us that our backers pay a reasonable price. We've included free worldwide shipping on all rewards. And some of the lower pledge levels have fun free stuff like pin badges and t-shirts. And there's some early bird prices for our speediest backers! Stretch Goals We've made a great start by smashing our goal in the first day! And now we've unlocked Android at $30,000, the Universal iOS app at $40,000 and the Mini-lanyard at $55,000! Our final stretch goal was $90,000. We made it and have unlocked "Crazy Colour Countdown” and the new BleepBleeps Blue colour. You can now choose any colour combo you like in the post-campaign survey. That means whatever you’ve selected you can swap and change to get exactly the colours you want including the exclusive Kickstarter Green AND the brand new BBBlue colour. Thanks for making it happen! Sammy Screamer is the first device created by BleepBleeps. BleepBleeps are a family of little friends that make parenting easier. A bunch of cute, connected devices that help you get pregnant, give birth, look after your baby and raise your child. Each of the BleepBleeps characters has a face, a name, and a unique bleep bleep sound when activated, hence the name BleepBleeps! Meet the whole line up in this video or check out our website. PLAY The Design Story Our design language is inspired by the simple geometric shapes of kid’s building blocks with a sprinkling of Japanese vinyl toys and hat tip to the Alessi brand. PLAY Then we started showing people! Here’s Tom demoing Sammy Screamer to His Royal Highness Prince Andrew, Duke of York at the World Innovation Summit for Health in Doha :) Who is BleepBleeps? We are a small (but talented) multidisciplinary team that straddles innovation, branding, communications, new product development, digital, software/hardware development and user experience. We have extensive experience running creative businesses that build brands and ship world-class products that consumers love. Here’s the cast, in order of appearance: BleepBleeps friends and extended team A huge amount of people have helped us along the way - and continue to! Here’s our list of hackers, hipsters, hustlers (and His Royal Highness): Jessi Baker, BERG cloud, Michelle Bower, Peter Buckley, Matt Burniston, Linda Byrne, Diana Caplinska, Mark Cridge, Peter Hames, HRH The Duke of York, Greg Jarrett, Owen Lloyd, Felix Manley, Vibol Moeung, Cathy Olmedillas, Ronnie Renton, Shane Richmond, Tom Rogers, Al Scott, Jenny Scott, Lee Stickler, Amanda Thirsk, Emma Vanstone, Matt Webb. (Did we miss you? Gutted! Email us: <email>) Project Timings Thank You! Thanks so much for taking the time to find out about BleepBleeps. Please back us and help make our brand and products a reality :) Much love, Team BleepBleeps x Hi gang, Long time no speak! Since our last update we’ve launched Suzy Snooze into the world AND today we’re really proud to show you the latest addition to the BleepBleeps Smart Family. Meet Benjamin Brush - the Smart Music Toothbrush for everyone! Benjamin Brush is the world’s first electric toothbrush with an integrated music store – designed to get the whole family brushing (and dancing!) for two minutes, twice a day. He also turns brushing into a game so that you can compete with your friends and family. Have a look at our latest Kickstarter campaign to watch our new video and find out everything Benjamin can do. We’d love your support to bring our next product to life. Thanks guys! Tom &amp; Team BleepBleeps Last chance to back Suzy! Dearest Sammy Screamer backers - thank you all for your incredible support across our latest campaign. It’s been so amazing to see your reaction to Suzy Snooze and so nice to see so many of you back both of our projects. We really appreciate it! We're so chuffed that our second campaign has been successfully funded and we have one more product out in the world that makes parenting easier . In case you missed it, Suzy is a Smart Nightlight, Sleep Trainer and Baby Monitor - all in one. She's an innovative sleep companion for the whole family - helping babies, children and adults get a good night's rest. We really appreciate all your love and support. Check out these awesome free gifts for backers and friends: Every one of our backers will get 2 free exclusive downloadable BleepBleeps colouring sheets and some super fun parenting hacks! Check it out... Oh and have you seen the BleepBleeps Blog ? We've been creating some awesome content recently! ( Parenting Hacks , Spotify Playlists , our weekly design round up The Loop , Life Stuff with Shaun Keaveny and Erol Alkan , Five Minutes of... ) it's all going off! Check it out! Catch you soon x Tom and Team BB Dear BleepBleeps backers! We've had a smashing first day on Kickstarter with our latest creation Suzy Snooze Wow - we've created a real buzz today! Some great pieces from all over the world , including Dezeen , Digital Trends , Design Boom , Curbed and too many more to mention. We would love love love your help sharing our latest campaign. Just a couple of clicks here and you can... Share Suzy Snooze And did you know with your help we can make Suzy a Spotify Connect speaker? Yes we can! If you... Back Suzy Snooze Thanks so much :) T&amp;TBB psst, here's what Suzy looks like - she's a real looker x Dear BleepBleeps backers! We've had a smashing first day on Kickstarter with our latest creation Suzy Snooze Wow - we've created a real buzz today! Some great pieces from all over the world , including Dezeen , Digital Trends , Design Boom , Curbed and too many more to mention. We would love love love your help sharing our latest campaign. Just a couple of clicks here and you can... Share Suzy Snooze And did you know with your help we can make Suzy a Spotify Connect speaker? Yes we can! If you... Back Suzy Snooze Thanks so much :) T&amp;TBB psst, here's what Suzy looks like - she's a real looker x We are so excited to announce the latest addition to the BleepBleeps family! You helped us launch our very first project Sammy Screamer and now it’s our pleasure to introduce you to Suzy Snooze: a Smart Baby Monitor, Sleep Trainer, and Nightlight all in one. She’s the first of her kind, an innovative sleep companion that helps babies, children and the whole family get a great night’s rest. We’ve created Suzy with the mighty Mumsnet - the UK's biggest parenting community, and Professor Colin Espie - Chief Medical Officer of Sleepio . We are so excited to show off everything she can do. Take a peek at our Kickstarter campaign to watch our new video and hear what Mum’s (and babies) think of her. If you like Suzy we’d love for you to join us and help bring her to life! Thanks! Tom &amp; the BleepBleeps team We are just about to push the button on something BIG! We've been very quiet recently. We've been busy... Over the past year we've brought together the UK’s biggest parenting community , a Professor from the Nuffield Department of Clinical Neuroscience at the University of Oxford , a legendary electronic music producer , and Creative Review 's Agency Of The Year to create something truly special. Stay tuned - we'll be back in the next few days with more info... Sleep tight ;) Tom and Team BleepBleeps Thanks for all your feedback! We really enjoyed reading all your responses and finding out all the weird and wonderful ways you guys are using Sammy to keep an eye on your stuff. We read every single one of your surveys and really appreciate your comments. There is an overwhelming demand from everyone to extend Sammy’s range. You have spoken and we listened! So today we are announcing… BleepBleeps Cloud BleepBleeps Cloud will be the platform that connects and controls all our little guys! BleepBleeps Cloud will give our customers worldwide remote control and global alerts from their Sammy Screamers AND also manage all future BleepBleeps products :) Introducing Sammy Screamer - Cloud Edition. Global remote control and worldwide alerts. BleepBleeps Cloud will allow our customers to extend the range of Sammy Screamer by using a second mobile device as a bridge. Keep another iPhone or iPad within range of Sammy (e.g. at home) and receive notifications on your primary iPhone anywhere in the world. We're working on it! BleepBleeps Cloud will be a subscription service, requiring customers to register and pay a small monthly fee. We'd love your feedback and we're looking for beta users - sign up here: <email> . (Don’t forget to let us know your OS.) So who won the Apple Watch? Last month we ran a little competition to get your feedback. We had so many survey responses it was difficult to choose a winner. But there was one Sammy super-user that really stood out… Maria is blind with a young boy. She explained to us how Sammy has really become part of the family in her household and daily life. Maria uses Sammy to keep an eye on her stuff like everybody else but what really intrigued us was how Maria uses Sammy’s “bleep" function to locate her things and her toddler too: "I just absolutely love her. I am blind and use her to locate my purse at home. When I go out she goes to my toddler. He feels so privileged to babysit. Shhh... it's a secret. He doesn't know Sammy's job is to let me know of his whereabouts (close vicinity of course.) Before Sammy: If I wanted to know he was close by and called out for him... Well, he'd figure it was a great opportunity to play hide and seek or catch me if you can. Luckily for me I always travel with a sighted counterpart to take over the wild goose chase. I don't rely on Sammy to keep my baby from getting lost but to keep from asking my partner, "Where is he?" every five minutes. Since Sammy: I command her to bleep and magically he comes running to me, "Sammy crying!" Gotcha!!!" Maria also complimented us on the accessible design of the BleepBleeps app: "It is super friendly with Voice Over. I don't know if by design or by chance, but it just works!" We made parenting easier for Maria! "Sammy has been invaluable in my ordinary day-to-day activities. And I use invaluable and ordinary in the same sentence because what may seem simple and ordinary to the sighted can prove to be tedious and quite a challenge for a blind individual. but when Sammy bleeps to say, "Here is your purse." or "Relax, here's your baby just a few steps away." -- Now that is priceless." So one Apple Watch is on its way to Maria right now. We’re not sure how accessible the Apple Watch is for blind people but I'm sure Maria will have fun finding out! Thanks again to all those who took the time to give us feedback and enter the competition :) Much love, Tom and Team BleepBleeps Sammy on tour: London, Paris and New York. We have some lovely retail partners in some great cities: MoMA Design Store NYC , Design Museum Shop London and Colette Paris . If you'd like to see Sammy in a cool store near you let us know: <email> Android Lollipop Version now available! Bluetooth behaves differently on Android version 5.0 than it does on 4.0 and we've been working on fixing these issues. We finished today! The new BleepsBleeps Android app has just been released and is available to download from Google Play . Thanks for your patience :) Cheers for now... T&amp;TBB Dear Android 5.x peeps, We are working on a Lollipop version right now! We've actually already made a Lollipop version and were hoping to launch with it but Android have changed the way Bluetooth works on version 5.x and it affected the way we connect to Sammy. So we had to launch with the Android 4.x BleepBleeps app But it looks like a lot of our backers (being early adopter types!) have the very latest gear and are lollipopped up! We are hoping to have an updated Android BleepBleeps app compatible with v5.x around the end of May. Thanks for your patience! Tom and the Android BleepBleeps Team (p.s - if you use an iPhone, file this update under irrelevant gobbledigook!) So nice to see Sammy arriving in people's homes - looks like she is already part of the family :) Follow all the latest Bleepiness on Instagram And... We are working on an Android Lollipop version! We currently don't support Android version 5.0+ yet. Bluetooth behaves differently on version 5.0 than it does on 4.0 and we are working on fixing the issues right now. We hope to release a new version of the BleepBleeps Android app that is compatible with 5.0+ in late May. Keep Bleepin' T+TBB All orders despatched! Sammy is making her way to you on a planes, trains and automobiles :) ETA: UK 2-3 days US 3-5 days ROW 5-7 days And we've been working on app version 1.0.1 - live on the App Store now... Can't wait for you all to meet Sammy! Much love T&amp;TBB We had approval from Apple today and are ready to ship! Shortly you will receive the "48 hours to go" email from Backerkit asking you to confirm your address. Please check we have the right address for you on the system. If not, it's simple to change on Backerkit or just email us or message us on Kickstarter and we will do it for you :) Here we go! Thanks so much for your continued patience and support - it means the world to us... T&amp;TBB All of your Sammy Screamers are sitting patiently in our fulfillment partner's warehouse in the UK... As soon as we get iTunes approval from Apple we can push the button on shipping. We hope this will be late next week! Here's a little sneak preview of the app in action: Looking forward to landing Sammy on your doorstep! T&amp;TBBx Here we go! Just a quick update to let you all know we have finished testing Over The Air Updates and are now waiting on Apple to approve the BleepBleeps iPhone app. They have Sammy in California and we are waiting in line for... iTunes approval Rumour has it Apple are quite busy with their Watch. I'm sure they'll get to us soon. Thank you all for your continued support and patience :) Not long now! T&amp;TBB ps. did you see us at the Design Museum? We are chuffed to be there! Don't forget to get all our latest updates on Instagram . Don't forget to get all our latest updates on Instagram . Just a quickie to let you all know where we are... ☑ 28,000 components ordered and delivered ☑ Printed circuit boards assembled ☑ Product packaging arrived ☑ UPC-A barcode number allocated ☑ 10,000 magnets manufactured ☑ Product Labels printed ☑ Battery Pull Tab created ☑ 7,500 plastic case mouldings here ☑ Fulfilment packaging finalised ☑ Firmware complete ☑ Product assembled ☑ iOS tested and bugs fixed ☑ Android tested and bugs fixed ☑ Submitted hardware to Apple ☑ Over The Air updates implemented ☒ Over The Air updates tested (this week) ☒ Final firmware loaded (next week) ☒ Apple iTunes approval (we're waiting on them) ☒ Sammy starts shipping (beginning of March) Over The Air updates We want Sammy to have a long life. So it's important for us to be able to update her software remotely. That means as we continue to improve her functionality you can update her using the BleepBleeps app. This is not something we promised in the Kickstarter campaign but we believe its better to make Sammy as future-proof as possible and have been working extra hard to make it happen. It's not simple! And it turns out this particular aspect of the Bluetooth component we're using isn't very well documented. Plus we've had some extra stress as this particular Bluetooth component manufacturer was acquired very recently and dropped off the radar in terms of support for their products leaving us high and dry for a few weeks. It's all sorted now. But it's put us back a couple of weeks. Made with love in the UK Proud to be flying the flag for British manufacturing :) Apple iTunes Approval We've sent Sammy to Apple HQ in California so they can approve the BleepBleeps app to release on to iTunes so all you lovely iPhone users can download it easily. We are now in their hands... (All you lovely Android users will be able to download the BleepBleeps app from Google Play as soon as Sammy ships as there is no approval process.) That's all for now! Tom and TBB :) Dear BBbackers, This will be one of our last updates :) :( Sammy is all ready for production! Check out this video on Instagram... ☑ 28,000 components ordered and delivered ☑ Printed circuit boards assembled ☑ Product packaging arrived ☑ UPC-A barcode number allocated ☒ 10,000 magnets manufactured (Friday) ☒ Product Labels (Friday) ☒ Battery Pull Tab (Friday) ☒ 7,500 plastic case mouldings arrive (Monday) ☒ Fulfilment packaging finalised (Monday) ☒ Firmware complete (Monday) ☒ First batch pre-release product assembly (Monday) ☒ iOS tested and bugs fixed (9 Feb) ☒ Android tested and bugs fixed (9 Feb) ☒ First batch pre-release ships (12 Feb) ☒ Over The Air updates tested (16 Feb) ☒ Second batch product assembly (16 Feb) ☒ Apple iTunes approval (21 Feb) ☒ Sammy starts shipping (end of Feb) So very nearly very nearly there! We've delayed our production a tiny wee bit more as we wanted to add something really special to Sammy… Over The Air updates This means that we can continue to improve Sammy and add functionality in the future. So rather than having a product that stays the same as you receive it on day one, you'll get a product that can be improved and updated as we go. We can ask you guys what you'd like (within reason!) then build it and then you can update Sammy’s software using the BleepBleeps app. We feel this extra magic is worth waiting for and we’ve always wanted Sammy to be as useful as possible. This is a great way to extend her usefulness and ultimately her product life, bless her. Apple iTunes approval Unlike Android apps on the Google Play store Apple actually vet and approve every single app on iTunes. This is slightly more complex for app enabled hardware as we have to send Sammy to Apple so they can approve the BleepBleeps app before they make it available to you for download on iTunes. The approval process for a standard app takes a week and so we have allowed 2 to 3 weeks for this approval process because of the extra complexity. So by the time we begin to ship Sammy at the end of February Apple will have made the app available on iTunes. We hope. Can’t wait till end of February? Quite techy? Pre-release Sammy Screamers for pioneers available in a few weeks... If you simply cannot wait for Over The Air (OTA) updates and iTunes approval we have a first batch of pre-release Sammys available. This product will have finalised hardware with firmware version 1.0. Because this version will not have OTA updates you will not be able to update this firmware and benefit from all the additional functionality, improvements and support we will provide to our customers without sending your Sammy back to BleepBleeps HQ in London. And if you are an iOS user you will have to register with TestFlight to install a beta version of the BleepBleeps app until it is approved by Apple and available on iTunes. If this sounds exciting to you email <email> and we will send you your Sammy in the next few weeks. Stay right up to the minute with BleepBleeps on Instagram As usual, we'll be sharing our progress on Instagram , Facebook and Twitter as we start to ship Sammy. Plus we have some very exciting news to share about our next products and crowd funding campaigns we want to share with you! Here's a sneak peak of Suzy and Basil - can you guess what they are? We'll be back very shortly with more Sammy updates - thanks to every single one of you for your continued patience and support - we genuinely appreciate it. We can't wait to get Sammy to you! Tom and Team BleepBleeps. Dearest BleepBleeps backers, We're very nearly there! This week we received the first production samples of Sammy's injection molded plastic cases from our manufacturer in Shenzhen in China. The cases look great but we have a few snags to work through (which is entirely normal at this stage) and we'll be working over Christmas to get the final cases produced and shipped to the UK for assembly in January. Sammy's guts (the electrical engineering, printed circuit board and components) have been finalised and ordered ready for assembly in the UK over the coming weeks. We're just finishing off the firmware (the software on Sammy that makes her work) and we'll be ready to assemble the final electronics into the plastic cases in time to start shipping in January. Final certification and testing has been booked at one of the world's leading test houses. They will zap, smash and set fire to Sammy to make sure she is 100% safe for you and your kids. Lanyards (in three contrasting colours) have arrived ready to be attached to Sammy to help you hang her on your stuff. Packaging is ready to rock... App is looking good (on Android and iOS) <url>’s battery cover to include an additional screw fixing. We didn't have to change the design - but we wanted to make Sammy the safest she could possibly be. We could have pushed Sammy through a different (less stringent) certification category without changing the design and kept to our November ship date. But we didn’t. We want Sammy to be the safest she can possibly be. And we wanted to pass the most stringent and contemporary safety category available. So (despite being in production) we’ve changed the design - which has been expensive for us and meant we’ve had to work around the clock to get the new design sorted. Shipping in January This design change means we’ve had to push the ship date back from November to January. We hope you agree with our decision to prioritise safety and quality over speed and profit. And just maybe, we can surprise some of you with a Sammy in time for Christmas :) we’ll do our best! Other bits and bobs... Look out for Sammy in Colette (Paris) and the Design Museum Shop (London). A warm welcome to our new stockists… get in touch if you’d like to see Sammy in a store near you: <email> DesignJunction We had a great time at The London Design Festival . Thanks to all those who swang by our stand at DesignJunction to say hello! App coming on nicely... That's all for now - see you back here for our November update :) Cheers T&amp;TBB Dearest nearest, Come and see us during The London Design Festival! We'll be exhibiting at Designjunction 18-21 September at The Sorting Office 21-31 New Oxford Street "Designjunction showcases the very best in furniture, lighting and product design from around the world, presenting world-class brands against stunning industrial backdrops of a centrally-located 1960s Sorting Office. The show presents a powerful line-up of renowned international brands, smaller cutting-edge labels, pop-up shops, large-scale installations, eateries, flash factories, seminars and screenings across three floors of the impressive 120,000 sq ft venue." Come see us on stand G24! Sammy ship date We're still on target to ship Sammy in Q4! Our latest challenge has been around volume of the device. We've been working really hard to balance Sammy's loudness without affecting the battery life too much. We've had to tweak our PCB design to add in a driver to squeeze the most juice out of our current set-up. That's all done now and we're glad we've prioritised battery life over loudness - we think it's better for you guys. Our best estimate for shipping is late November - we can't wait to get one to you! We're on the map with Wired Magazine Lovely to be featured in Wired Magazine's map of London Hardware companies - can you spot Olivia P. Sticks? Thanks for your continued support! We'll be back in October with our monthly update, byeeeeeeeee x Team BB Hello dear BleepBleeps backers, We have lots of things to update you on... Firstly: Free gift boxes for everyone! We've been working really hard on the presentation pack for Sammy and we’re so happy with we’ve decided to include one with each and every Sammy we ship. It’s a very clever cardboard engineering design, cut from a single piece of cardboard. It holds Sammy nice and central so you can see her the moment you open the box. A little welcome message with download instructions on the reverse of the lid. There’s a little hole top left for the mini-lanyard to poke through and... there’s a really cute little BleepBleeps icon when you take Sammy out :) Sammy ship date... Q4 :| We've had a few challenges to work through with one of the components we’re using inside Sammy. We built the Sammy prototype using a particular Bluetooth component on a development board so we could write the code to make Sammy work. Now we have that component in the final production-ready PCB (printed circuit board) we've had real trouble getting our code onto that particular component. It turns out we're not alone and lots of people have been having a similar problem with that particular component (mentioning no names!) and the manufacturers have been working through these problems with many developers around the world. We've solved the problem now but it’s taken us a long time and has had an impact on the production of the rest of Sammy. We're really disappointed but we're having to push back the delivery date of Sammy. We're not quite sure of the full impact yet but our estimate is a couple months. We're really sorry about this and we're doing everything we can to accelerate delivery. We'll be back with more updates soon and hope to ship Sammy in Q4. We can't wait to get one to you! ßayter/ßeeter The BleepBleeps Beta group is still open. This strictly limited group will get free early access to Sammy (and other devices soon) and the BleepBleeps app on iOS and Android. If you want to be a part of the family email us on <email> and let us know your name, address, phone and OS. The BleepBleeps Family We just had to share this with you! This is the beautiful box that holds our entire range of cute, connected devices. Lovingly handmade from blockboard, white vinyl and felt. The exterior has foil-blocked branding on the upper. The interior is white felt with a debossed logo and the devices are held in place by layers of felt in the BleepBleeps colours. The base colour underneath each device matches the device colour! Super-awesome. We get around… We’ve been spreading the BleepBleeps word all over the planet from Denmark to San Francisco . Tom has been speaking at various design festivals , conferences , briefings and even had breakfast at No10! We've also been regular faces in the emerging London Hardware scene with meetups like Hardware Startup Lab , London Hardware Collective and IoT London . Tom is also doing some more intimate talks at creative agencies. If you fancy hearing the BleepBleeps story at your place, drop us a line at <email> and we'll see what we can do! We'll be back with more production updates soon :) Tatafornow Tom and Team BleepBleeps Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ Δ ΔΔΔ Sammy is coming! ΔΔΔ Dear BleepBleeps backers, long time no type! Everyone over here at Team BleepBleeps has been head down cranking away to make sure Sammy is the best she can be. We are investing every last cent we raised on Kickstarter into delighting you guys, the people that believed in us right at the very beginning. Production-wise everything is on track and ticking along nicely and we wanted to share a few things with you. Here's a couple of production Sammys in red and blue. Check the retro speaker grill mouth... sooo coool :) The colour-coded mini-lanyard will slip through that little hole at the top. ßayter/ßeeter We'd love to hear from you if you're interested in being part of the BleepBleeps Beta group that will help us test our devices and software. This strictly limited group will get free early access to Sammy (and other devices soon) and the BleepBleeps app on iOS and Android. If you want to be a part of the family email us on <email> and let us know your name, address, phone and OS. iOS 8 Homekit and Healthkit - we're all over it! I'm sure many of you were as excited as we were to hear about Apple's move into connected home and health on Monday. This is great for BleepBleeps and great for you guys as it means it will be easier than ever to connect and control your BleepBleeps devices with iOS 8: HomeKit lets your home accessories connect seamlessly to better manage your home. HomeKit delivers a common protocol, secure pairing and the ability to easily control individual or groups of devices throughout the house including integration with Siri®. For example, you can tell Siri you are “going to bed” and it could dim the lights, lock your doors, close the garage door and set the thermostat. Exciting stuff! Watch this space :) Pre-orders still available You and your buddies can still pre-order Sammy for the pre-tail Kickstarter price of $65 and Kickstarter backers can add additional Sammys for just $55. Head on over to Backerkit or share the link . Do we have your address? If not, nip over to Backerkit and fill in the form pls We'll be back soon with more updates as we get closer to the big day... Tatafornow Tom and the Bleepers x Closing up our Kickstarter post-campaign survey VERY VERY soon! If you haven't already please fill in the simple form at <url>" the best department store in the world" Selfridges Imagination Shop, in the uber-luxury zone that is the Wonder Room : Pre-orders now available! Just a reminder you can pre-order more Sammys during the survey or right now with just a couple of clicks here: BleepBleeps.com We'll be back soon... Tom and Team BleepBleeps :) Thanks so much everyone! We just unlocked Crazy Colour Countdown so you'll be able to choose any colour combo you like in the post-campaign survey. That means whatever you’ve selected you can swap and change to get exactly the colours you want including the exclusive Kickstarter Green AND the brand new colour: BBBlue :) There's still time to add an extra Sammy for just $55 Keep it bleepy x Tom and Team BleeptyBleepBleepBleeps Can we do $666 for $90k in 90 minutes? Can we? Help us get to Crazy Colour Countdown :) T&amp;TBB Double Down Quickstrike! Add an extra Sammy for just $55 With just a few hours to go we are offering all our backers an extra Sammy for just $55 - simply increase your existing pledge by $55 to make it happen :) And if we reach $90k (just $3k to go!) we'll unlock Crazy Colour Countdown and you can choose any colour you like in the survey... Also, don't forget you add our super cool Gift Box to any Sammy by increasing your pledge by just $5! Quick! Let's do this! T&amp;TBB x Thanks for getting us this far :) Just 2 days to go - last chance to boost your pledge and help spread the word! We have a new stretch goal! $90,000 will unlock "Crazy Colour Countdown” and the new BleepBleeps Blue colour. If we reach $90k you’ll be able to choose any colour combo you like in the post-campaign survey. That means whatever you’ve selected you can swap and change to get exactly the colours you want including the exclusive Kickstarter Green AND a brand new colour... The next stretch goal will unlock a brand new colour: BleepBleeps Blue Get Sammy in our signature BBBlue colour for $65! Plus BBBlue will be available for just $50 extra if you’ve already pledged for a Family Unit (3 pack) Boost your pledges now and help spread the word to help us get there! By popular demand… Sammy Gift Box Lots of people have been asking about packaging and gift boxes so we've created a super cool BleepBleeps Gift Box you can add to any pledge for $5 to make your Sammy extra special. Let's do this! Thank you so much to all our backers for making BleepBleeps a reality! T &amp; TBB x 2 BIG things Lots of you have been asking about extending Sammy’s range through WiFi or connecting to a home hub of some sort. And lots of you have been asking about extending Sammy’s capability by integrating with third party services. We love these ideas. And today we want to share with you our plans for the future. First of all… We are dedicated to openness and integration. We want Sammy (and all BleepBleeps products) to integrate with as many other systems, protocols and services as possible. Imagine setting Sammy up so that if she gets moved the lights in your living room change colour. Or a certain song plays on your home music system. Or your garage door opens. We love the potential of these ideas, but there are so many services, devices and platforms to choose from. We need your help to decide which ones we prioritise! IFTTT Wigwag Pebble Windows Phone Mac/PC (Desktop app) iOS Bridge (Remote iOS device connects to local iOS device) API Raspberry PI Arduino SDK The integration of each of these options takes time. We will release significant updates to the app post launch that contain extra features. Let us know which which features you'd like us to prioritise. And if there is a product or service you'd like Sammy to integrate with please let us know! Sammy Screamer 2.0 [WiFi Experimental] We want to make a WiFi version of Sammy Screamer. Right now, this is hard. Power consumption and battery life are a big issues. We are working with the latest components as they come to market and we will engineer a second version of Sammy Screamer as soon as it is technically possible. We're offering the opportunity to our most dedicated backers to join us on that journey. If you're brave enough, pledge at $150 to join the Beta Group and you will receive the first prototype of Sammy 2.0 as soon as physically possible. Here we are on stage announcing Sammy 2.0 at Launch Festival in San Francisco last week: More tweets and pics here . And btw did you see the video Mashable made about us?! Thanks so much for the love and support JUST 4 DAYS TO GO! Tom and Team BleepBleeps x Check the new Sammy Family Unit - Citrus Pack Brand new pledge level for our new SAMMY SCREAMER FAMILY UNIT - CITRUS PACK [Orange, Yellow &amp; exclusive Kickstarter Green] • Free smartphone app • Free worldwide shipping. Check it out! Lot's of buzz in the comments about further connectivity and integration! We are glad you are as excited about Sammy as we are :) We will have updates on all this next week. We are having some great talks with our team and interesting partners... stay tuned! Muchos Team BB x Here's the latest BleepBleeps app for Sammy Screamer on iOS Universal and Android - doesn't it look great? We are able to make this happen because y'all unlocked our stretch goals at $30,000 and $40,000! And we've just unlocked another stretch goal at $55,000! That means everyone gets a Mini-lanyard colour-coordinated for each Sammy! Now... what should our next stretch goal be? We have some ideas but we'd love to know what you guys think! Please post comments and let us know :) Tom, Sammy and Team BleepBleeps x Colour-coded loop-fixing for all backers... We would love to include a colour-coded loop-fixing (mini-lanyard) with each and every Sammy. Get us to a mini stretch goal of $55,000 and make it happen! Plus, if you love design and have a phone... you'll love this (mini) JUMP Cable With only 9 hours to go! Native Union has come up with a super cute mini battery and charger combination. JUMP charges your phone, has its own battery to provide you extra juice, fits in your coin pocket (mini!) , and nicely cleans up your mess of cables. It's perfect for those always on the go - check it out! Mini love bb x Happy Monday everyone! Lots of news today... We've reached $40,000 and have unlocked the Universal app for iOS . We'll announce new stretch goals soon, stay tuned - but in the meantime we are very excited to announce... A Kickstarter exclusive! Just add $60 to any Sammy pledge and get this exclusive Kickstarter Green Sammy Screamer. This green colour will not be available anywhere outside of Kickstarter so be quick and snap her up - just boost your pledge by $60 or if you haven't pledged already why not get... Sammy Twins in Lemon &amp; Lime A very citrusy addition to the Sammy line up - the twins feature the exclusive Kickstarter Green colour with a brand new Yellow Sammy too. Yours for $125 - grab em while you can :) Keep it bleepy T, S &amp; BB x Hmmmmm colours, colors, couleurs... erm, umbala... What do you think? What colours would you like Sammy in? Post a comment! We will see what we can do :) Oh and btw, check out this awesome low energy designer light bulb from PLUMEN It's your last chance to nab one before they end soon - check it out! Have a great weekend! Team BleepBleeps (Yes we did use the Zulu word for colour, thanks for noticing!) Great stuff everybody! We unlocked the first Stretch Goal at $30,000 for the Android App. We would love love love to make the iOS app Universal . You know, so it resizes nicely on an iPad instead of that tiny iPhone size version in the middle of the screen, or a big X2 scaled up version? That's our next Stretch Goal at $40,000 - keep 'em coming! Much love x Tom, Sammy and the Bleeps We've made a great start by smashing our goal in the first day! If we keep growing we'll unlock some great features and products . Plus some cool secret stuff planned! First up is Android App at $30,000: Thanks everybody... Let's do this! Tom and Team BleepBleeps x We did it! We hit our target in just one day! We are all over the moon here :) Especially Sammy. Thanks to all those backers and sharers - you made it happen and we are eternally grateful. More updates and stretch targets coming very soon... The good ship BleepBleeps has set sail. Oh wow oh wow Tom and Team BleepBleeps x p.s. we made onto Techcrunch and got retweeted by the Duke of York - what a day :) Wow! 4 hours in - and all of our SAMMY SCREAMER early birds have gone! From all at team BleepBleeps: a massive bleepy thank you to all of our backers! So what next? How about a new early bird price? Check it out: $60 for the next 250! Much love x Team BleepBleeps :) Bless you Bruno! Latest comment ever :) Where have you been!? We'll email you through the BleepBleeps helpdesk and get you fixed up... Hi Deborah, we're sorry you haven't received your Sammy yet. It looks like you haven't given us your address. We've emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk :) Thanks Simon! We are currently working on 3 new products and BleepBleeps Cloud :) full steam ahead! What! Simon we're so sorry about that. Shipping error. We'll email you now. Hi Jack - we've emailed you :) Oh no Clifford! You must have slipped through the net! We've emailed you from the Helpdesk - apologies for the delay and thank you for patience. You're welcome Stephen - glad we fixed you up :) Hi Stephen - we've emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk Oh dear Marco there must be a shipping problem - we've emailed you from <email> @Brad - strange. We've messaged you through Kickstarter... @brad we emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk on Thu, 2 Jul at 9:37 AM. We have just resent the message :) @brad looks like we missed that one. We'll contact you asap through <email> @Ion we've emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk at <email> Hi Pietro - we shipped a while ago so there must have been some kind of shipping error with your order. We've emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk. And congratulations on the birth of your daughter! Sammy will be there soon too - don't worry :) @Joaquin sorry about that! We've emailed you through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk We've emailed you Vinston :) Oh that is strange spongefile. We'll email you... Yes Jonatan you should have received Sammy a few weeks ago. We'll email you through the Helpdesk @Christoph nearly there! We have partially rolled out to Google Play. Full rollout happening in a few hours after we are sure the first batch are crash free :) Hi Temu, we've replied through the BleepBleeps Helpdesk - you should have an email from <email> shortly Good news Temu! Thanks for letting us know :) Hi Mark, Sammy should've been with you by now - we've emailed you from the Helpdesk Hi Temu, that is not normal! We've sent you an email from <email> - in the meantime please follow the reset process: <url>ão - we'll email you from the helpdesk Hi Laurent - should be any day now :) If nothing turns up this week let us know on <email> Hang tight João should be any day now :) Yay Sarawuth, Temu, Max and Christopher! Thanks for letting us know! @Christopher - Android Lollipop version coming end of May :) She's coming @Brian :) we've had word from as far and wide as San Francisco and Australia today. @joseph oh that's good to hear, glad we've got you fixed up :) @joseph how peculiar, our apologies. We'll email you through the BleepBleeps Helpsesk :) Thanks @Brian - glad we got you working! @mark don't stress :) Sammy is winding her way to you! We are still hearing of backers receiving in the US and even the UK so NZ will be any day now! Yesssss! thanks @Kyle - much appreciated. Even more appreciated with you having backed 68 projects :) #expert @Brian - sorry about that we'll contact you through the Helpdesk :) @Borja should be any day now - you are one of 24 Spanish backers :) We don't have tracking I'm afraid but Sammy is dropping in the U.S. since last week: <url>� <url>#SammyScreamer :) @Marc sorry about that. We'll contact you through <email> and get you fixed up! Yes we have word from the California - Sammys are dropping: <url>ão for our Kickstarter fulfilment we opted for Royal Mail Max Sort and Standard Airmail options and I'm afraid we can't provide tracking codes with these options. However any purchases made from our website will get a tracking code :) @João we've asked our fulfilment partner if tracking numbers are available. Will update you asap :) @John thanks for your comment! Correct, we currently don't support Android version 5.0+ yet. We've actually made a Lollipop version but can't release it yet as Bluetooth behaves very differently on Android version 5.0 than it does on 4.0. We are working on fixing the issues right now and hope to release a new version of the BleepBleeps Android app that is compatible with 5.0+ in late May. <url>"design" (as you suggested @P.H) they approve final apps (mostly functionally) and then publish them on iTunes. The app has been built in tandem with the physical product over the last year but couldn't be finalised until the hardware was completed too. App approval is the last piece of the puzzle and we are having some positive dialogue with Apple as of last week. We hope to get approval any day now so we can start shipping to all our backers around the world. Can't wait for you all to meet Sammy! Tom and Team BleepBleeps @thurman we are using Backerkit to manage surveys and shipping addresses. You can edit your info here: <url>ánchez Ramírez: Android App is ready to rock and requires no approval so will be instantly live on Google Play when we start to ship. Shouldn't be much longer now, thanks so much for your patience! oh thanks Sydney! Click on nay of the images or just go here: <url>’re due to ship in January - all the details are in our last update: <url>’re due to ship in late November - all the details are in our last monthly update on September 16: <url>’t wait to get one to you :) Hi guys, monthly update is a great idea! (sorry, thought we'd replied to this - sometimes commenting through the KS app doesn't work.) We're working on the next update now and will post in the next few days. We're still on target to deliver in Q4 as mentioned in our last update: <url>"we hope to get approval any day now" is correct and the next update is NOT "Apple want us to make some minor modifications to the App" With a projected ship date of seven months you have now almost doubled that. Really disappointing that this still has not yet shipped. I get that Kickstarter is not a store, but well over a year after funding makes me really question the integrity of the creators. The app design couldn't have been sent to apple in the last 14 months of waiting? Really hoping that the next update says shipped, not another excuse and delay. Were surveys sent for this? I never filled one out, and when I look at 'Surveys' under the 'Backed Projects' page, I see this: "The survey for this reward hasn't been sent by BleepBleeps yet." I can't imagine that you already delayed for over 6 months and now it's even more due approval from Apple. I don't have any background in projects but i would expect working on software in line with hardware. In addition you post this same picture of the warehouse where you holding your products on 12th November. Then are they ready or excuse with ITunes is cover story? (<url>"in a few weeks", anything more specific now that a few weeks have passed? Regards. Instagram link not working. Well it has been a year since the project was funded. Any update to when the Sammy's will finally start to ship. Any chance that you will get them out before the end of the month? I'm near to forget I bought this near two years ago. I had time to build a door alarm with arduino that message me if it opens <url>"no news, is good news". I would however like to get a conformation that this still holds true for this great project? @BleepsBleeps I will be moving in Aug. I have updated to my new address though Backerkit. Possible to ship it so that I will only receive after Mid Aug? My new place will not receive anything for me before I move in. Thanks! Looking forward to holding it in my hands... and hearing it scream!!! Please use a postal service like USPS and DHL, UPS or the like. And please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. Your product is a reward for our pledges. And please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. Thank you and good luck with production and distribution. Cu, Robert Looking forward to my award August 2014 - Red is a hot color! Keep up the good work. @BleepBleeps Thanks for the quick response! I'll look forward to the update :D Any updates on production or progress? Thanks! The link you posted for the basestation did nok work :( Congrats!! :D Congrats! Great job! Awesome, thank you! getting close to the stretch goal :D It would be nice if there was a level where for can get one of each of the colours... I am already signed up for the family pack. I agree with Kai.. get some last minute offers in there :P for us $55 backers I thought about rising my pledge for another Sammy Screamer but your 55,-$ offer is only interesting for Early Bird Kickstarters. If I rise my pledge of Twin Sammy Screamer with 55,-$ I will receive three of them for 180,-$. This is more than the Family Unit will cost. You should think about some other offers for your non Early Bird Kickstarters in the last hours if you want to reach the next stretch goal. Best wishes Would you consider making a base station that plugs dirrectly to a power source, that ultimately could connect over all you upcomming projects? And sends it to the phone via wifi?? Backer #1000 Would you post on your site a video with sound that offers us a sample of the sound the Sammy Screamer - Motion Alarm will make? Will we be able to choose from one sound verses another sound. Is the sound loud and disturbing? Or just email me the sample. In order API Pebble Mac/PC (Desktop app) iOS Bridge (Remote iOS device connects to local iOS device) API Raspberry PI Arduino SDK Sorry. I meant iphone App. Thank you 1. App feature: send email when an event occurs. Thank you 1. Pebble 2, IFTTT IFTTT is definitely a must-have Mac/PC, Pebble or IFTTT 1. Arduino 2. SDK 3. IFTTT 4. iOS Bridge I would love Bergcloud integration. 1. App feature: send email when an event occurs. I would connect Sammy to a spare iOS device at home. My main device, my phone, could receive the email notifications of motion events while I'm at work. This small feature would make Sammy long range. 2. IFTTT Hi, support for IFTTT would be really useful. Thanks Ability for Sammy to 'talk' to Arduino/Raspberry Pi that have BLE add-ons would be very good. IFTTT, Pebble &/or Mac would be great. Great to see a post about support for other services/platforms. The platform I'd like to suggest is node-red (<url>"unused" old smartphone. This smartphone is always within Sammy's range and will receive the initial alert, but then relays the message to me via email. I see it says you can adjust the volume on the app. Does that mean it can turn the volume down on the screamer or is it referring to the phone volume. Please please consider a simple "low tech"version of Sammy for those of us who don't have "smart devices" or would find it inconvenient to have to have a compatible app device to operate Sammy. There is a HUGE unmet need among caregivers of persons with Alzheimers and other forms of demential for a friendly device that alerts them if a patient or loved one has wandered out of their room or the building… particularly in the middle of the night… sometimes getting lost just trying to find the bathroom. While there are battery operated LED motion detector lights on the market, they don't give an audible alarm if someone has gotten out of bed. There are security door alarms - but they are extremely loud and may scare the beejeeezies out of an elder who is just trying to find the bathroom. The gentle bleep bleep of Sammy is so much more "friendly". Perhaps Sammy can have a companion "monitor" (like a baby monitor) so he can be heard by a caregiver in another room in the house or building. Perhaps Sammy can also have a companion LED motion sensitive light so the person can see there way without tripping at night (falling/tripping is one of the major safety hazards for elder Alzheimers/dementia patients!). But please - simple tech. Perhaps there can be different iterations of Sammy -- Sammy Jr/Sr or Sammy 1, 2, 3… at various price points? Is it possible to produce a Simple Sammy ASAP? Thank you for the opportunity to comment & provide input. Interesting point about the server app. Perhaps it comes down to offering a bleepbleeps API with some examples (arduino/sparkcore/raspberrypi/...) of how to create your own 'server' for pushing bleepbleeps data to addressable external services (Xively/bergcloud/opensense/..) WiFi is ok, but how could the bridge talk with the smartphone. This would need to configure a fixed ip in the bridge and add this ip to the smartphone app and this is not as easy as connecting sammy through bluetooth. There are only two techniques available to make it easy enough: a) Like Eye-Fi Card the bridge generates its own WiFi. This WiFi is only available if an alarm needs to be send (so the smartphone is only offline for a short period). This solution is very nice in theory, but as I'm having several Eye-Fi cards I know that the smartphone does not choose the new WiFi in any case. There would be a solution by scanning the wifi signals constantly, but this costs battery lifetime. b) Every Sammy has an ID and sends alarms to a gateway server hosted by BleepBleeps. The smartphone app checks constantly for new alarms at this gateway with this ID. This works without hassles, but costs money and maintenance time at BleepBleeps. I would prefer option B. But instead of creating a new hardware it would be better to create a "server app". This means a smartphone or tablet needs to be connected through bluetooth with sammy and forwards this information in a much more flexible way. e.g. by: 1.) Wifi/3G to the BleepBleeps gateway 2.) Wifi/3G to a cloud service (WebDAV, Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 2.) SMS 3.) email 4.) ??? As it is not expensive to buy a used android or rather most of the people have multiple devices this would be the easiest method. Hope you like it. Do like the idea of a BLE/Wifi bridge, I'm imagining it as a charging pad for the whole bleepbleeps family I agree with Christopher re a basic BLE/WiFi bridge add-on and was thinking along similar lines myself. Here's a suggestion. How about an add on device as a stretch which bridges from bluetooth to wifi. So you don't have to to change the core unit to handle wifi and the extra power requirements and could have a plug in device that Sammy talks to which then does the wifi alerting? Not sure if this is technically feasible but I guess you guys are the experts ... +1 wifi please. Alternate workaround. To send an email from app directly automatically when triggered +1 wifi pleaseeeeeee +1 on WiFi connectivity. Proposal: $100k target: built-in battery with usb charging. I hate coin batteries ;) Nice news on reaching 55K! Regarding additional stretch goals, if Sammy would be connectable to existing gateways (bergcloud for example) - I think it could be a real plus. Question will be how achievable that is within the existing footprint. Another, perhaps more accessible, stretch goal is the inclusion of additional attachment materials. (Add some Sugru+magnets, velcro or removable cable ties...) I like the red the most. Would be great to have a silver one, to match the colour of my car, which is where my Sammy would leave, to alert me if it ever gets stolen. Got my vote for wifi. This will be a great security device for hotel stays. Just in regard to the comments below, I 100% sure that I'll at least double my pledge for wifi functionality if there's going to be one. If you could further develop Sammy Screamer into wifi connectivity that will win over all security devices in the market. If we could use our phone to help setup internal wifi settings and by sending Push to phone, that will be way more better. I'm thinking that 50 meters are actually how far I could see. If this could make me know if my kids open the cupboards for games while I at work that would be fairly more useful than 50 meters. I understand wifi technology is battery drainer but this could be the future. Just to think about it if there's any chances we could get near that point. Love your product design by the way~ can't wait to get one. Very clever. I can think of a million places I could put these. I recognize the concern from other people, if it is only bluetooth, could it keep a notification in some sort of internal memory until your smart phone reconnects? Or WiFi…that would be ideal. Either way, I'm super excited to see this product. This is a very cute idea; I love it! I would like to know if it is waterproof and/or shockproof? Thanks! Can you tell us how loud Sammy can scream? Decibels? Comparison to something? A full volume video with no background music (and a warning message if necessary)? Blue or green! blue Can we have a stretch target for a wifi version? Or a web version, so connects via wifi to router and sends an alert to a web site which tracks or alerts? I'm sure people would increase pledges to get a wifi version if available. Black please! "If your phone goes out of range Sammy goes into standby automatically and the app lets you know." 1.) Scenario: For several seconds the smartphone looses connection to Sammy and exactly in this moment a motion alarm fires. What happens now? Was Sammy in standby or was he able to catch the motion because of a timeout? If yes, how long is it and am I able to change it through the app? 2.) How do I wake up Sammy if he is in standby? "You can override this in the app’s settings and keep Sammy armed when out of range but this is not recommended to protect battery life." 3.) Referring to the 1.) scenario: What happens here? Will the alarm delivered once the connection is established again? What if the next connection takes e.g. 20 minutes? Neutrals: black, gray and white Green and Blue!! Yellow please Green please GREAT JOB! I think the BEST colors would be Red and Yellow. Continued success. Hopefully, you will offer Sammies to your supporters at the end of the campaign. We've just passed the first stretch goal, congrats! Any thoughts on more stretch goals? Maybe a KS limited edition color? Very much looking forward to this product! Sammy, thanks so much for the answers in the faqs. I'm really looking forward to having you to protect us, you luscious little thing. Thank you for adding the target amount of the android app. I'm sure you will reach this target. I've raised my pledge to the family package ;) I think this Sammy screamer is a good idea, the design of a portable motion alarm that can alert you by phone is genius. but there a few things that need to be answer in order for this project to be fully realize (for example the app compatibility and the Bluetooth range), but right now I support this project. Worried regarding the bluetooth range - any chance of including WiFi aswell? WiFi direct e.t.c.? Awesome. Launch it now! (Father of a 6 week-old boy) First target is 20.000? This is confusing as in the details targets list ist only question mark. So nobody knows how much is needed to reach this target. Android please. And I am concerned with the volume of the beep sound. Please make it louder. No android, no pledge. I don't want to buy it today and wait 2 years until I'm able to use it. You should announce a release date. With my newborn son planning to create havoc around the house, I can't wait to test a Sammy Screamer out! Fingers crossed you guys smash you goal as the other BleepBleeps looks awesome too! Sammy would be classy in petroleum blue. But I quite like the available orange as well! Is the Bluetooth range 30 or 50 metres? BleepBleeps are awesome! Can't wait to get my hands on Sammy and the rest of the family. Good luck guys! Wow! I understand that Sammy is a product in its infancy, however I wonder if you could speak to battery type, ability to replace the battery, and I was going to ask about projected times for the battery's useful life, however I recognise that this would be dependent on a number of factors. This seems like a really neat product. Thanks!