We at Everything Epic Games bring you a new Action Adventure board game set in the 1930’s Pulp Era. Secrets of the Lost Tomb incorporates similar mechanics to games like Arkham Horror, Betrayal at House on the Hill, and Mice and Mystics with thematic inspirations from the worlds of H.P. Lovecraft, The Da Vinci Code, Pirates of the Caribbean, and of course Indiana Jones! Click here or go to EverythingEpicGames.com to Preorder or for More Information! Like us On Facebook! <url>’s in the Core Game Box:* Rulebook 4 Adventure Scripts (Double Sided) 50 Tomb Room Tiles 8 Character Sheets (More in Stretch Goals) 8 Custom Laser Etched Dice Over 250 Cards Including: Story “Adventure/Misadventure Cards” (Over 50 Double Sided) Tomb Cards Tomb Monster Cards Elite Monster Cards Boss Monster Cards Item Cards Artifact Cards Room Search Cards Character Status Cards Objective Cards Over 200 Full Color Die Cut Tokens Including: Monster Damage Tokens Audacity Tokens Attribute Bonus Tokens Rope Tokens Script Objective Marker Tokens Personal Quest Objective Tokens Search Marker Tokens Item Pile Tokens Action Tokens Plastic Dial Connectors (Used for Character Sheet Spinners) Character Standees 8 Character Plastic Stands 15 Monster Plastic Card Stands Player Reference Cards Comet Track/First Player Marker Spinner *Final contents could change. (Most likely more items will be added because of stretch goals) Cool Updated DoubleSix Dice Prototypes! (These are Approx. What will be Included in the Game! Replacing the Regular Shaped D6) Prototype Design! Subject to Change and Improvements! :) Prototype Design: Subject to Change and Improvements! :) Core Game Adventure Scripts: Boss Monster Artwork For The Adventure Scripts- See Stories Below! Core Adventure Script Descriptions: 1. The Pharaoh with the Blue Eyes (Rhaz Azul) - He was the first Pharaoh of Egypt, the great Immortal Pharaoh. An alien being who was entombed by his High Priests 6000 years ago. Now he has arisen in the Tomb, poised to take control of the Earth and enslave humanity! 2. The Forsaken (The Forsaken Lion King) - Long ago, Hippocrates discovered a cure for Lycanthropy. This cure was stolen by Ethiopian Pirates, who were cursed for eternity to live as Were-beasts inside of the Tomb. The Order has entered the Tomb to recover the cure, but the Forsaken Were-beasts stand in their way. 3. The Rise of Herathulhu (The Herald of Cthulhu) - A dying cultist reveals that the true Gatekeeper for the Old Ones has come to this world. He is Herathulhu, the Herald of Cthulhu. It is his duty to open the way for the Elder Gods to return. Your job is to use the Elder Signs to prevent the portals from opening and releasing Cthulhu into our world. 4. One if by Land, Two if by Sea (the Colossus and the Kraken) - In 1781, George Washington summoned a Land Colossus to combat the Sea Kraken that Lord Cornwallis had brought to America in a last attempt to turn the tide of the American Revolution. Now the Kraken is breaking free of its bonds inside the Tomb... can you gain control of the Colossus to fight the Kraken before it destroys all in its wake? Adventure Pack 1 Men of Bad Intentions **ART UPDATE FOR NAZI SUPER SOLDIER!*** Updated Artwork for Nazi Super Soldier ABOVE!!! Hope you ENJOY! :) (Link to Shane Braithwaite's Deviant Art Site! Go on Over and Show him Some Love!) Script A: Nazis want to Steal Holy Grail. Among their finds is an ancient journal that tells the actual story of the Grail and where it has been kept for the past 2 millennia. They have also obtained a map of the Tomb, pinpointing the exact room the most sacred artifact is in... Script B: Blood is Thicker than Gold. After the Head of the New Orleans Mob has been burned to death, a band of his best men break into the Tomb. Their mission is to resurrect Antonio “Red Eyes” Mullens, a Vampire who ran the Mob over 100 years ago. Includes: 2 Adventure Scripts, 2 Special Tiles, 2 New Characters, and a mixture of 15 Cards (Story Cards, Items, Artifacts, Monsters and Elite Monsters) Adventure Pack 2 Mythological Origins Script A: Medusa and the Curse of the Comet (Medusa). The original incident that created the Order, special circumstances have come together, and the Gorgons walk the Earth once more! Can the Eternal Order of Perseus manage to stop them before everyone is turned to stone? Script B: The Wrath of Arachne the Spider Queen. Long ago, She ruled over much of what is now Africa. Her entire race was destroyed, save for the Queen and several thousand of her children and millions of her eggs. Trapped inside of the Tomb, her minions have finally found a way to release her. Includes: 2 Adventure Scripts, 2 Special Tiles, 2 New Characters, and a mixture of 15 Cards (Story Cards, Items, Artifacts, Monsters and Elite Monsters) Adventure Pack 3 Ancient Evil Among Us Script A: The Brotherhood of the Drakkus. Their reach extends deep into the history of every civilization. All they are lacking is enough Draconian leaders to reinvigorate their dwindling numbers. A group of acolytes set forth to rediscover the original Tomb of the Draconians. Script B: The Golem of Hell. Once the Guardian of the Chosen people, the Golem awakens and seeks a new Master. A priestess of the Dark has begun the rituals that will give her total power over the unstoppable Golem. Includes: 2 Adventure Scripts, 2 Special Tiles, 2 New Characters, and a mixture of 15 Cards (Story Cards, Items, Artifacts, Monsters and Elite Monsters) Adventure Pack 4 The Great Apocalypse ***See Large 4 Horsemen Individual Artwork Below! Keep on Scrolling*** Script A: The Seven Seals and the Mayan Discord. There are Seven ancient seals that keep Discord from overtaking the world. Now, a set of evil men have begun to undo the seals. As each is broken, more horrors are released. Can the Order stop them before the end of the world? Script B: The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse. When the 7th Seal is broken, it releases the 4 Horsemen. They must not be allowed to mount their horses and ride out or the World will be engulfed in true revelation… the Apocalypse. Includes: 2 Adventure Scripts, 2 Special Tiles, 2 New Characters, and a mixture of 15 Cards (Story Cards, Items, Artifacts, Monsters and Elite Monsters) UPDATED 4 HORSEMEN OF THE APOCALYPSE ARTWORK! (more coming soon) #1 THE WHITE HORSEMAN: Pestilence Pestilence! THE RED HORSEMAN: WAR! Famine! Death! All Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse! Check out Shane Braithwaite's Deviant Art Page and Show Him some LOVE for his Amazing WORK!!! :) <url>’s Resurrection Device worked too well and it was locked away in the Tomb to be forgotten. Trouble is, it started once again, creating a horde of hungry, bloodthirsty zombies that threaten to spill out and bleed into the world. Includes: Zombie Apocalypse Script, Monsters, Special Game Modes, Special Rules, and Zombified Character Artwork. *Some Final Artwork as well as Final Components could be subject to change. (More items may be added) Bonus Adventure Packs: BONUS: All Pledges of "The Adventurer" and ABOVE will Receive the "High Seas Adventure Pack" Featuring: "Barbarossa's Barbary and The Bounty of Black Beard" Included in their Pledge Level FREE! Barbarossa's Barbary and The Bounty of Blackbeard... Prepare to have the adventure of a lifetime on the High Seas... and in the TOMB! ***Kickstarter Exclusive*** Included in Glory Seeker Pledge Levels Secrets of the Lost Tomb, is great with a group and also great for Solo Play! You can play One of Two Ways: You can choose Multiple Characters (depending on the level of difficulty you are looking for, determines the amount of characters you may choose) OR we provide a “Special Solo Character” that can be played as a “One Person Army” similar to how Indiana Jones would Raid a Temple… Each one of these methods is explained in the rules. But to quickly explain here: If you decide to play with Multiple Characters, you simply use the Exact same rules as if it were Multi-Player and play with 3-6 characters at once (Recommended) 1-2 normal characters would probably be pummeled. *Just a Sample (Not Final) This is to Note that Attributes will be Higher (This will Be Updated Soon) The Solo Character “The Most Adventurous Gamer in the World” (Kickstarter Exclusive Edition) has ramped up Attributes, Skills, Items, awesome Abilities, and Extra Actions to get him Balanced and Ready to take on the Tomb in an Epic Way! He also comes with his “Sidekick Allies”. These are a set of his Friends (Similar to Item Cards with flavor and Abilities) that come along with him that give him extra HP, Attributes, and Other Powers that he can use Exclusively for Solo Play! This allows a player to jump into a Deep Story and Thematic Gameplay using their personal Strategies, and their Own Direction to be able to have a fun, Gamer VS Tomb experience. One of our biggest dreams and stretch goals is to create our Highly Detailed Miniatures. We've had our extremely talented 3D artist create amazing sculpts and now we need your help to make these miniatures come to life! If we hit our goal... some of these will be included in every core copy of the game. See the pictures below for an idea of the high detail and awesome flavor that our miniatures will bring to the game. Tomb Expansion Packs: an Up-Close Look *Included in "The Glory Seeker" Pledge Level (The Vault of Perseus) The Meridian of Medusa is a level that is above the Tomb! You find a secret passageway into the Pyramid with the Green Eye that has been activated by the coming of the Three-Tailed Comet! Travel around these special and unique Triangle Shaped room tiles with extremely Unique Effects from Secret Societies, Ancient Religions, and MORE! *Included in "The Glory Seeker" Pledge Level (The Vault of Perseus) The Lost City of Atlantis... Finally Discovered! One of the Greatest Archeological Finds in all of History... These Majestic Room Tiles lead to Level 4 of the Tomb, the lowest most Subterranean level! Some of these tiles are filled with Water and other Dangers... but also treasures and Stories that await your discovery! Extended Tiles: an Up-Close Look (Included in Some Pledge Levels. Pricing Above) Deadly Trap Tile Pack (x10 Additional Game Tiles) Extended Tomb Tile Pack (x20 Additional Tiles) Miniature 3D Printed Sample Prototypes: (Not Final) ***Miniatures Not Final... These are Just Samples! Used for Sizing and Testing Purposes!*** Backer Avatars: (Use as your Kickstarter Avatar to Help Promote Us!) Why Should You Pledge on Kickstarter and Join the Eternal Order of Perseus Now? The Kickstarter Discount: The "early-bird" pledge levels and regular levels are all at a steep discount compared to its MSRP of $75 and Up! Our Team Cares: We will be prompt with any questions or concerns our backers have... "Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, for the Gamer..." we care what our gamers care about! The Kickstarter Exclusives and Stretch Goals: Check out our Awesome Stretch Goal Progress! This will make your Kickstarter pledge one of a kind! Our Dream… Your Reality: We've already internally funded the cost of the graphic design, art, 3D art, playtesting, advertising, and other design costs for Secrets of the Lost Tomb, but we can't manufacture and ship the game without your pledges. Like us on Facebook: <url>“The Librarian: Quest for the Spear” and two more films following and 4 seasons of “The Librarians” TV Series! We've licensed it for a new game!&nbsp; The Librarian is a protector of “The Library” an extra-dimensional vault where ancient artifacts and powerful magic is stored out of the hands of mankind! For those of you who are fans of Fantasy Adventure like Secrets of the Lost Tomb, or Fans of The Librarians, Indiana Jones, or Non-Collectable Card Games like Arkham Horror the Card Game or Marvel Champions the Living Card Game and others like it, you’ll LOVE The Librarians Adventure Card Game! It’s a fully cooperative 1-4 player Adventure Card game with Custom Dice and replayable scenarios that take you through the epic adventures of The Librarians! <url>’ll love it! :) PS: Secrets of the Lost Tomb shall Return LATE 2021! You're STILL the BEST Backers in the World!&nbsp; Hey Backers! We need YOU to get us FUNDED! Come and support the long awaited sequel to Secrets of the Lost Tomb! Come and join the WILD RIDE of a "Choose your Own Adventure-Like game with Cthulhu in Space!" :) We only have about 60 hours left and we're nearly funded! Help us make this dream a reality! CLICK AND CHECK IT OUT! <url>’s the “One Bag to Carry it All!” An economical, simple, &amp; affordable bag solution that you can get NOW on Kickstarter for as low as $10! Help us make this EPIC Game Bag dream come true! Go to the Kickstarter! LINK! Thank you for all of your support! Hey Backers ! Come see us at Gencon at Booth 1952! Here's a simple Map: We will have all SotLT expansions, dice, and minis in stock for sale at Gencon! (Very LIMITED stock!) Come see us Early in the weekend! :) We have some awesome promos and other goodies as well! Also limited supplies :) Big Trouble in Little China the Game - if you haven't heard... we're making it! Check out some prototype Big Trouble in Little China the Game Minis :) Coming Soon 2017! Here's some links to web article announcements about the game: <url>#1 <url>"Traitors of the Lost Tomb", launches Tomorrow at 10AM EST! There will be a Special EARLY Bird that's in place for all of YOU! :) All backers of the Elite Missions Campaign and other pledge levels will be able to jump into a special discounted level! This is our way of saying Thank YOU for being the Best Backers in the World! ... Also... All Pledges will include Special PROMO Characters... (Special Announcement Below!) So... Let's get down to Business! What is Fate's Fortune? In Fate’s Fortune, as you explore the Tomb, each adventurer will begin the game with a Fate Card sending you on a secret quest, that upon completion, allows you to flip your Adventurer Sheet to essentially "Level Up"! On the back of each Adventurer Sheet, you'll find your Ascended Adventurer with their own unique equipment card, upgraded attributes, abilities, and courage track! In addition, all Ascended Adventurers have their own NEW Alternate Artwork and standee, an additional reward showcasing the player’s successful completion of their quest! As a New Optional Mode of Play, your group may decide to include a “Traitor Quest” that would be included into the secret Fate Card pile and randomly dealt one of the players at the start of the game. When that player completes their Traitor Quest a harsh crisis will fall upon the other Adventurers as the newly revealed Traitor turns on their former friends and joins the side of Evil in the active scenario and their win condition now is tied to the other Adventurers Losing! The Fate Cards add a whole new dimension to the already rich gameplay bringing a more personal motivation for completing your own goal. With a great new power comes greater challenge: As players Ascend and complete their quests leveling up their characters, the game gets harder making the creatures in the Tomb Stronger and making even more of them Spawn! There's even new Scenarios in this Expansion! One more Amazing Announcement! Vampirella Joins the E.O.P! Our friends at Dynamite Entertainment have sent us an outstanding ally against the forces of evil in the Tomb! Vampirella and Adam Van Helsing! Here to join the E.O.P as Members and Adventurers to dive into the Tomb with you! These promotional characters will be available FREE With every Pledge of this new campaign. They may be available in very limited quantities after the campaign (depending upon stock quantities), however they won't be free :) Thanks so much for all of your support! Be sure to jump in and grab your copy of Secrets of the Lost Tomb: Fate's Fortune! LINK TO THE NEW KICKSTARTER WILL BE SENT OUT TOMORROW 10AM EST! ;) You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! The Elite Missions Expansion Kickstarter has 24 hours to go! If you're not already a backer come join the Adventure! Also, if you'd like to help in another way, please share with your friends and on social networking! Let's have one big hurrah for the final 24 hours! What an adventure these Elite Missions have been! Can't wait for you to get them and add them to your adventures! The Surprise... Spoiler Alert! Everyone who backs this Elite Mission Kickstarter gets a Special Coupon for -$5 Off the new Traitors of the Lost Tomb Expansion Pack for our next Kickstarter! We will be making a special early bird pledge level just for YOU in the next Kickstarter to reward you for backing us here and believing in us! The Coupon is on the back of the "Traitor!" card that comes in every Elite Missions Expansion Pack! New Artwork! Also... Here's some more new artwork! The Spoils of your awesome Backing! :) These will complement the Epic Sides of their Corresponding Characters for the Traitors of the Lost Tomb expansion for when your Character levels up! Also, New artwork for the New Expansion in November: Prince Kamir Chota Singh mid-teleportation! Thanks for your support in our final 24 Hours! Thanks so much again! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We promised to share the pics of the Elite Mission Proofs! There's only 6 days remaining to get in on this fun Kickstarter for the Elite Missions and if you're interested in Upgrading your Pledge we have multiple different pledges to help you do that so you don't have to get doubles of anything! :) Over 900% Funded so far! :) We're so excited that Cardstock and the Print Quality of these came out GREAT! We're very happy with the Color contrast and Readability of the cards and we think you will be too! :) Take a look! We've Signed with Ship Naked! What does this mean? This means we will be shipping and fulfilling using their very reasonable flat rates worldwide! I've updated the links on the Kickstarter Main Page and I am also sharing them here. You can see their rates that are Weight Dependant! <url>"Add a copy to your collection" near the bottom of the page. 2. Rate the game if you have had the chance to play it: This also helps us raise on the Hotness level as well as helps other people make a decision about the game if they're interested in it! 3. Leave a comment about what you think about the game: I've been seeing some amazing comments about the game here on the Kickstarter and via Email... posting to bgg will really help because once again, this is one of those things that helps other people, when they're researching the game, they can read your comments and see if it's something they really would enjoy! 4. And last but not least. one other way to help us get back on the hotness so other people can get their eyes on the game by Clicking the Green Thumbs and Commenting on some of our new Picture uploads of the Game Components! Here's a couple for you to Click On but feel free to go through any that you like and thumbs them up! Any help is a big help: Link: The Secrets Box Link: The Elite Missions The Elite Missions Kickstarter It's going Great! Nearly 900% Funded! What does that mean? That means that the next Kickstarter in November for The new expansion that will highlight a new Secret and Personal Quest Mechanic that when completed will level you up, EPIC versions for all Adventurers as well as a new Traitor Mechanic that will act as a new optional way to play, inspired by great games like Battlestar Galactica, Shadows over Camelot, and of course Betrayal. We've already got some of the new Epic Alternate Artwork to show you! Go check it out on the Elite Missions Update HERE! Note to AU Backers: An email has been sent out to you all regarding your shipments! Keep hope! They are still on the way! Thank you so much for all of your great support! We will be back shortly with even more news! You're the Best Backers in the World! Here's the Link to the new Kickstarter! <url>“Dilemmas” that will cause players to plan ahead and strategize more than ever before! There are various pledge levels starting at the Elite Missions Expansion itself, to limited quantities of The 1st edition Expansion Packs as well! We also have full pledge levels including the core game and more! Let your friends know who don't have Secrets yet! :) Everything ships quickly! The Elite Missions print in the US so they will have fast turn around time! I'll send one more update out tomorrow morning at 10am Eastern Time to send you the link to the Kickstarter! :) For those of you in the AU or other remote places in the world, thank you for your patience, your games have either just arrived, or are about to arrive shortly! Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We've created a Full Components Checklist for you so you'll be able to check if you have the proper components in your boxes. We've created this, because there are a few misprints regarding exact numbers of components so we wanted to create a proper master list to prevent any further confusion! Please use the Link below for the Google Drive to View the Google Sheets Document. You'll be able to view all of the Tabs for all Expansions in the game! <url>… and many of you are now receiving your packages!!! (Which is very Exciting!!!) To help clear up many questions and for those of you wondering what’s coming in what box, I’m going to break it down simply for all of you! Below will be a list of all potential items you may have received! (Actual items depending upon your actual pledge or order) Here’s the Link to our Sell Sheet that will give you a list and description of all of the items that we have shipped out! You can download this and take a look at it to compare to your items to have a better understanding of what you got :) LINK HERE: <url>#!distributors-and-retailers/c7q7 Below is a List with extra info to help with some questions: Secrets of the Lost Tomb Core Game - This special and limited edition Kickstarter version includes all Core Game Components. All KS Stretch Goal Characters and Special Ops Characters are included (One to mention that has a different name is: Most Adventurous Gamer in the World is now named “Lord Harrison Quatourmanus the 13th” and he is the Solo-Play character! *See his special rules in the back of the Rulebook*) There are also tons of Companion Cards added to the game for Solo Play, for discovery in the Tomb, and for use when playing with specific numbers of players to help scale the game! Core game also now includes the KS Stretch Goal Scenarios: High Seas Adventure are now named (The Collective and The Bane of Blackbeard), The Legend of Muramasa is now called: Onmyodo, the Legend of the Masamune Swords. The special modes of play: Grail Quest, Survival Mode, Solo play etc are in the Rulebook and are also included. Quick Errata: The Rulebook has 42 Base Creature Cards, but that is a misprint, it’s actually 39 Base Creature Cards included. Also you’ll notice that there are extra tokens, That is OK! We included them on purpose to give you some extras in case you lose any :) Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion Pack 1 includes: Men of Bad Intentions, Mythological Origins, and Ancient Evil’s Scenarios are now all named and are all included in this pack: Holy Grail… Bloody Grail, The Syndicate of Sangue, Mission: Nautilus, The Rise of the Draconians, The Crown of Serpents, Gods Save the Queen, new room tiles, new characters etc! The Great Apocalypse Expansion Pack 2 includes: The Journey to the Tomb Pack, The Zombie Apocalypse scenario pack now named: Da Vinci’s Macchina Diabolica, The Beginning of the End (Scenario Starring the horsemen “Death”, The Last Ride of the Four Horsemen (Scenario of the Four Horsemen), new room tiles, new characters, Special Zombified Character Standees (for all Characters in the Game) etc! The Reign of Terror Expansion Pack 3 includes: The High Emperor Drakkus Pack now named: “Enter the Drakkus” and the Valhalla Rises adventure pack: now named “ The Viking Princess and the Crown of Fortune”, this pack also contains (one of my favorite things) The Epic Adventure booklet 48 pages of Campaign Booklet!!! The Epic Adventure script allows you to use any scenarios and turn them into campaign mode! It also has a Create your own campaign for use with it. You create your own special character in the Epic Adventure which you can progress and use in each adventure scenario in the campaign (You use a separate Character Sheet to track info on and choose one of the other Adventurers to play during the scenario! *See the Rules in that booklet for more excitement :) The Passages and Perils Tile Pack 1 Includes: The Trap pack and the Extended Tomb Pack are both included in this heavy box filled with amazing giant Tomb extenders!!! This also has a rules page to give you the info on how to use them with the rest of the game! (Very simple to just add them in for much bigger tomb fun!) Atlantis: Mystery of the 13 Tile Pack 2 Includes: Atlantis Adventure Pack and Medusa’s Meridian! The Room tiles and Special Rules for these tiles are all included. Also some special creatures that go with Atlantis and some other extras and special tokens are also included! Miniatures: (All as they were shown in many many updates :) Core Adventures Core Bosses Ancient Myths and Legends Minis (Adventures and Bosses) The Great Apocalypse (Adventures and Bosses) Reign of Terror (Adventures and Bosses) *If you got Painted Minis Upgrade, they will be in there instead of regular minis :) Extra Epic Dice Pack of 12 Dice - Same as the Title :) 12 Epic Dice! :) Extra Rulebook and Extra Core Scenario Booklets: Also, if you haven’t noticed, for each Core Game you’ve received, you should have been given 2 extra booklets that are packed loose in the box. These are the corrected Rulebook and Core Scenario Booklets and you should also have an Errata sheet explaining to you that the Rulebook and the Core Scenario Booklets have their Covers switched! :( So, we had the factory reprint these booklets so we can do right by you all and give you the proper booklets! (So now you have 2 of each) If you want to fix the original ones that are in the core game box, you simply have to just take the cover pages and pull them off their staples and switch them with their books. No Expansions are affected by this issue, only the core game. But we have provided the proper books for you! :) Quick note about Tutorials, Errata, and FAQ: We will be posting tutorial videos that are updated as soon as we can (this may take a few weeks. We have filmed the footage but we now need to do the VO’s for them) Errata and FAQ will have it’s own page on our website ( SecretsoftheLostTomb.com ) and it will be a LIVE Google Drive doc that we will update frequently! As Always, I (Chris) will be as active as possible to help with questions on the BGG Forums! ( HERE: <url>’m also available at <email> :) Scenario Submission Event: We’re extending the deadline 2 weeks! September 15th! :) <url>’t gotten tracking yet, don’t worry! Packages are still being shipped all weekend and through Monday as well! Our fulfillment company told us that all EU and International shipments should be going out end of day Monday! So… stay tuned! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Many have gotten their tracking numbers already, but if you haven't... Don't worry! Our fulfillment center has promised to have all Packages out (over 1000 are being shipped!) by next Monday! (Including International!) Here's what the Shipping Set-up boxing zone looks like : Thanks so much! We're almost there! And don't forget to submit your scenario ideas soon! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for getting us all of your finalized addresses in so quickly! All of the product has been unloaded from our shipping containers and is in the finalization process for becoming organized and prepared to ship out of our Fulfillment Partner, Greater Than Games' Warehouse in St. Louis, Missouri! I had an excellent and informative conference call with them today and went over the following important points about shipping information that I am going to share with you now! All shipping is going to begin no later than a week from today! (8/17/2015) Shipping will start with the packages from USA and Canada, then to the EU, and the the Rest of the World! (This is done in these stages in order to keep everything moving smoothly without any errors!) All Canadian Shipments will be shipped from the US to Canada and then disbursed from within the Country! All EU Shipments will be 100% EU Friendly and will be shipped in mass quantities to the EU and then disbursed from France throughout the EU and UK! All international shipments will be done separately and individually. All shipments USA and CA will be going through Fedex Smartpost. In the USA this means that the packages are picked up and distributed by Fedex and then final delivery is dropped off by your Local Post Office. All International and EU Shipments are completed by Fedex All Shipments will have Tracking Numbers Emailed to you from Fedex! You get your Tracking Number immediately from within the USA. If international, your Tracking Number Arrives once the packages arrive to your Continental Location. I.E. if you're in the EU when it gets to EU you get Tracking. If you're in Australia, you get full tracking when it reaches Australia, etc... Once Shipped: all USA Shipments will take between 3-5 days to reach you! (Depending upon your geographical location within the USA) Once Shipped: all International Orders Vary in time to arrive. Keep in mind however that Fedex is much more reliable than other shippers so it should not take as long as you might expect, but certainly longer than USA or CA. Thank you so much for hanging in there with us! We really and truly can't wait for you to get your games, crack those boxes open, and have countless adventures! We really look forward to hearing what you think of the game and seeing pictures and hearing tales of heroism and audacious feats of courage! Please feel free to let us know if you have any questions at all! My Direct Email: <email> Thank you again so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! I just wanted to give a final 24 hour "Last Call" on any and all Address Changes. If you need to change your address, but did NOT change your address on or before July 10th, please email to confirm your address to <email> (PLEASE ONLY EMAIL IF YOU NEED TO MAKE A CHANGE. IF YOU DON'T NEED A CHANGE, YOU'RE ALL SET AND NO EMAIL IS NEEDED :) ) Jim is taking care of getting all addresses finalized for shipping which should begin next week, and because of the sheer volume of orders and amount of expansions etc, will take about 2-3 weeks to fulfill.(International will take slightly longer to receive.) So by 7pm Tomorrow evening, all Addresses are 100% Finalized and will not be able to be changed. An additional Note: If you're interested in contributing any of your ideas for our upcoming Scenario Submission Event, Reminder that the Deadline is AUG 31st. See more info about that here: <url>#!scenario-submissions/ctm8 Thank you so much! We really look forward to you getting your games very shortly! You're the Best Backers in the World! If you're here at GenCon come see us in the tomb booth 2237!!! Hey Backers! #1. Huge News! As of 6/25/15 our Games (All 12 Different Boxes of Stuff!) Are in a 40' HQ Container on a Boat in the Pacific Ocean! The Games are set to arrive in our Fulfillment Partner (Greater Than Games') Warehouse, on July 24th. Because of Gencon, (Basically the biggest game convention in the World) Fulfillment preparation is set to begin the First week of August. USA Backers should start receiving games soon after the fulfillment begins and EU and other International Backers should begin getting their games by the end of August early September, depending on where you are in the world. Keep in mind it's a rather large process of over 15,000 boxes of product that must be sorted, inventoried, stored, and then prepared to ship out to backers! So, You've been patient up to now, delivery is just around the corner. #2. Backerkit Reminder! If you haven't yet filled out your backerkit, or you think you might need to update your address, Now is the Time! Don't wait! All backerkit info is being locked down and all of your shipping info is going to be sent over to our fulfillment to make sure you get your shipment asap! All backers and If you're an international backer especially, be sure to add your phone number into the shipment. This number will NOT be shared with anyone other than the Shipping Company (fedex) in order to help expedite your order! If you have any issues at all using backerkit, do not hesitate, Email <email> for anything you might need and they'll get back to you as soon as they can. If you need any other assistance, feel free to email me directly at <email> ANYTIME! I'm here to help!!! #3. Special EARLY BACKER ACCESS to our Scenario Submission Event! Ever Dreamed of Making your own Game? Want to contribute to the amazing Pulp Action Adventure Universe of Secrets of the Lost Tomb?! Here's your Chance to have your ideas considered for publishing in our next upcoming expansion! All of our Backers (YOU) have special Early Submission Access to our Scenario Submission event that is connected to our upcoming Secrets of the Lost Tomb Expansion Pack called "Traitors of the Lost Tomb" (The Name Speaks for itself) coming to Kickstarter this Fall! (Estimated Early November) By Going to this LINK: <url>"SCENARIO SUBMISSIONS" You can Submit your Scenario to us. The link takes you to a Google Form where you can access all of the materials, including rulebook, sample scenarios, Creature, Item, Artifact and other lists that you'll need to write your own scenario as well! As we said Above, this is your Early chance to submit your ideas to us to make a scenario with! You'll have an entire 30 days more than anyone else will to write your ideas and create! Just follow the LINK and have fun with it! If you have any questions about the form or anything else, feel free to email <email> anytime and he can help you make your dreams into a reality! Thank you so much for all of your ongoing support! We can't wait to get these games into your hands! We will have all of the production copies very soon, (Mid-July) and we will send pics of that once we get them! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! All is going smoothly with production! We want to remind you to Login to your Backerkit that you've already filled out when this Campaign ended originally and be sure that your Address is up to date! Double Check if you're not sure! We don't want to ship your games to the wrong address! :) Click HERE to go to Backerkit! If you have any issues at all, please email <email> for Any Help you might need! They can walk you thorugh the process of logging in or changing your address etc! Also, if you have any add-ons you might want, you can go to our website directly HERE to our New Online Pre-Order Store. Be sure to email us any questions you have at <email> Some quick pics of Production: Our Factory has reported that all items are Printed and that they're just doing some final Die Cuts and getting ready to assemble everything! So that's great news! :) So... We will be in touch again soon! For now, double check your Backerkits! We hope to have more news soon! Thanks so much! :) You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! All is well in the Lost Tomb and Hello from China! All proofing has been completed for a couple weeks now and all materials for our game items have arrived at our factory in China. They're finishing up the Die Cuts on all of the boxes and other items and are in full production now. Our latest Ship date from China is June 20th. We're pushing for June 10th so that our product will arrive at our warehouse in Missouri to get everything shipped out to all of you before Gencon craziness begins! (Late July Ship out to August Ship out) Here's a few pics of the Proofs that were taken by Jim during his China visit for us! Thank you all so much for waiting so patiently! But it's now time to GET EXCITED and GET PUMPED UP! The Adventure of a Lifetime is nearly here!!! Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Now that we're in production, I can now focus on the Backerkit and getting some early information out to you folks! Regarding production, according to our manufacturer, we have about 30-45 days for printing and then 3-4 weeks for shipping! Then games will be in the mail and out to you! We will let you know if anything changes and we will keep you updated as to all progress as we hit manufacturing milestones! But for now, let's show you some awesome Pre-painted minis! Rulebook: DROPBOX DOWNLOAD LINK: High Quality Downloadable/PDF Rules To those who are interested in beginning their studying on the rules and getting any questions out there in the open early, here's an Early Access link to a printable copy of the Final Rulebook! Thank you so much for your great support through this monumental project! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Great news! We've updated the files to make them just a bit brighter and sent them back to the factory. We should hear back about them receiving the new files by Monday! Once they have them, we should then have the updated files printed and re-sent to us for final proofing and approval for mass-production print within about 1-2 weeks! What does this mean for the timeline? When will you get your games? Manufacturing will take about 30 days (barring any issues *fingers crossed*) and Shipping from Factory to our Distributor will take about 20-30 days. That means games will ship out to YOU in the US mid-june and the rest of the world you should be getting them late June or early July. I know it has been a long time coming, but we thank you for your generous patience and support through our finalization and manufacturing process! “The light is at the end of the tunnel” so to speak, and we will be able to arrive through the front door of the Tomb’s Entrance very soon! Thanks so much again for all of your Epic Patience and Support throughout this Adventure! Another update will be coming soon after we hear back about all of the printing files and with Pics of Pre-Painted Minis and also a Sharable updated file with the Rulebook in it so you can start reading up!!! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Just a quick note to you all wondering what's going on! As I said in the last update, Chinese New Year would be a dark time of no production... But that doesn't mean we've stopped working over here! We've been completing and finishing all layouts and color checks, scenario proofing, and all text edits/proofs before we go to print! Printing proofs from our factory should happen in about 1 Week and soon after that full production shall begin! (Hooray!) :) I'll be sending a much longer update with more to discuss about full timeline once we send those proofing files out to the Factory to get our full print proofs and then hit print for the mass production! (Keep in mind, the miniatures have already been started and once they open back up, that should be the first thing that will be all finished!) Please comment with any questions! I'm always here as usual for anything you may need! Very excited to get this to print! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Here’s an Update to keep you in the Loop as to our Progress towards production!!! Overview: 1. New Box Covers 2. Timeline to Print 3. How are the Minis Doing? (Pre-Painted, Plastics, and Dice) 4. When are you Getting Your Games? 5. Convention Update (Where are we going to be this year?) Expansion Box Designs!!! Here’s the New and Exciting Expansion Box Designs! If you've Added them on OR if you’re a glory Seeker you’re getting all of these! They’re a gorgeous design by our new Freelance Graphics Designer Scott Nicely! He’s done a spectacular job taking our Vision and putting it into reality in these boxes! Creating a fully immersive look and feel. Each Expansion box looks like a Tome or a large Book filled with the Stories of the Eternal Order of Perseus’ Adventures! Timeline to Print Currently, we’re still laying out the final booklets and implementing the final edits on all of the cards, room tiles, and rulebook. Then we’re going to final proof the scenario guides. (Over 450,000 words!!!) (Yeah… lol… it’s a lot) Then simultaneously, the punchboard will all be finalized… Here’s a quick punchboard sample to look at… we’ve been testing the interlocking tile system we’ve custom created for this game…. Check out the final pieces! How are the Miniatures Doing? The miniatures are going really great… (we just got the near final samples and we’re currently testing the final plastic… Not too hard… (Prevent breakage) not too soft (to keep form and detail). That should be all done with the Dice Final Molds this week (17mm 12 sided d6X2 Dice!!!) The prepainted miniatures are still being sampled properly… we’ve gotten our first samples and then we need to have them apply the proper colors and dip for the shading. When are you getting your games? The best way for us to give you a proper exact date is once we’ve gone to print and gotten the games on the boat here. It honestly looks like we’re going to be abutting the Chinese New Year which, will cause delays which are beyond our control. Because of quality control, we’ve not rushed the printing process to make sure that the game looks and reads properly. We are holding ourselves to the highest standards like the Big Game companies like Fantasy Flight and Wizards of the Coast. We’re doing everything we can to make this the best game it can be. We want to be sure that when you get this game in your hands (Approx. New Delivery end of March or Early April) that you can open the box, read the rules, and Experience the Adventure of a Lifetime! The Proofreading team has done an amazing job finding the small errors that would be annoying to find while playing, so we’re fixing those up now! This way we will have the most premium possible product to produce for you! The rulebook will be released as soon as it’s complete! We will make it available to all backers! We appreciate all of your very supportive comments and patience while we finalize this process! We will keep you in the loop as new info arises and as we complete new parts of the project and get these proofs to print! Convention Update (Where will we be this year?) We currently have plans to go to Dreamation, Origins, Dexcon, and Gencon. This may expand as we go… As soon as the game launches, we’re also planning on having an awesome Release Party in NYC! (More details later!) Thank you so much for all of your great support and patience with this process! We really look forward to getting this game out and to you as soon as possible! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Seasons Greetings to you all! We've been hard at work here making huge leaps and bounds of progress. We’re nearly there, but in order to maximize our time and get the best possible product, we need YOUR help! To give you an idea of the scope of the project, and where we currently are, I’ll give you the quick breakdown! Status Update: Firstly, we’ve finally completed the layouts of all of the Cards in the game! This includes the Story Cards, Base, Elite, and Boss Creatures, Companions, Items, Artifacts, Soul Monger, and Status cards! (That’s a TON of cards!) We’ve also completed all Room Tiles in the game! (119!) That’s all Square Tiles for Core Game, Expansion Scenario Packs, Atlantis, Secrets Passages and Traps Packs, and the Triangle Tiles for the special Medusa’s Meridian! (This is where the proofreading will begin!) The rulebook is nearly complete with it’s layouts, but until those above files are 100% Proofread, it’s not the greatest idea to put them into the rulebook for layouts because then we will have to do it again if any changes will be made. (Proofreading the rulebook will be stage 2!) Scenarios (100’s of Thousands of Words!!!) The editing process is in Full Swing and we’re about 60% complete. It’s expected to be 100% Done with Scenario Editing by the 23rd of December, as per our editing team. Calling all Proofreaders! So what we’re looking for is an elite group of Backers to help Proofread the Components of the game before we go to print! This is going to be a fast and furious process in which volunteers will be chosen to read through the PDF Files and let us know if we missed anything. There’s no compensation for helping, it’s on a volunteer basis only. However, we will be issuing a special thanks to those who help and any help you contribute will help us create the best game possible! We’ve created a Form so that you can sign up to become a Proofreader! Please go HERE to sign up! Separate Sign-Up LINK: <url>’d like to start the printing process as quickly as possible! Note: You may need a google email account in order to use the Form and View the Files which will be shared on Google Drive. Shortly after we’ve done the sign-ups and chosen volunteers, you will be contacted via email and given links to view the files. Then you will be able to give us feedback on these files in the following categories: Spelling, Grammar, Rules, Info, and Other. All artwork in the game is final at this point, so we’re not looking for Art feedback. We’re only looking for understandability, spelling, grammar, and anything that might hinder a gamer from comprehending how to use a card or play the game. We really appreciate your help with this process and look forward to printing the game and getting it into your hands in March! Manufacturing Process: Our manufacturer has completed all of the Miniatures Molds and are going to be injecting them this week to begin the Pre-Painted Process. (1 week to do all samples, then after we approve, all production on injection and painting can begin creating the actual Painted and Unpainted Minis Immediately!) After we've Completed all Scenario Editing and all Proofing has been complete, we will send the finalized files to the Printer (Approx 2-3 Weeks From now) This gives us an estimated Print Start Time of January 10th. (After Printer Approves all Files etc) This way we can get these games to the US and shipped out to get in your hands by March! Sidenote: BGG Most Anticipated Game of 2015 is here: feel free to second our Nomination for us! :) <url># 22… If you thumbs it up we will get nominated then we can get Voted in! :) We were highly anticipated for 2014… but as you know… delays happened to perfect and upgrade the game… so here we are! Thank you all so much for you help and assistance in Proofreading these files, and for all of your patience and support! We wish you a happy and healthy Holiday Season! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We at Everything Epic wanted to wish you a Safe and Happy Halloween! Without Further Ado... the Zombie Eternal Order of Perseus Variant Artwork! These are used in the Zombie Scenario with Davinci's Reanimation Machine... "La Macchina Diabolica" ( All Characters Uploaded to the Website HERE: <url>#!minis/c1c75 ) Here are Some Samples to Check Out: Check out ALL Of the Zombie Pics on our Website HERE: <url>#!minis/c1c75 Once again... Have a Happy Halloween! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thank you all so much for your kind words and support through the process! We've gotten the Proofs for the New Molds for all of the New Miniatures in this week! All 26 Unique minis and they came out great! (In white for proofing process) Everything came out really great except Emperor Drakkus needs a Base (See Below) And we felt the Spider Queen needed to be a little scarier (larger) so we scaled her up a little bit. Dice Work.... We got a couple different sizes of Physical Samples of Dice... we want your opinion! Please take a look at the following pictures! 20mm 18mm and 16mm Sizes What do you think about the sizes? Let us know in the comments!!! New Freelancers... We've hired new Freelancers and Contractors to help us get this game to print as soon as possible! They're here to help us perfect and finalize the assets for printing! They are helping us with templating all cards, tokens, room tiles etc.... and make sure that all symbols, text etc... is in the right place and then making sure that they're all readable and then getting them in files for print! The Pathway to Printing! As the Molds are being created, so are the printing templates. As soon as they're done, we'll be getting proofing samples, that we have to approve. While that's happening, we'll be approving the pre-painted miniatures, and then, when all those are approved, we will be in full production! The Molds! I've put in an email to our manufacturer because of a request for pictures of the actual physical miniatures Molds! I hope to have some pics of the actual molds for you to see next week! Interlocking Tiles Sample We're working on getting that sample created! We hope to have that as soon as possible in order to show and proof the actual interlocking mechanic. :) Here's what the Punchboard Sample Looks like: As always, we appreciate your Patience and Patronage through this process of creation and production! Thank you so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Progress is going Really Great! Check out the New Dice Prototypes Below.... (The Base color is not the Final Base Color but they Look Great so far!) First Two Pics: DICE! Below are Samples of what We're making the Base Dice color for final product...(The final product will not be a regular 6 sided die like below... it will look like above, with the cool black and silver marble look like below) If anyone has a favorite set of dice or style they'd like to share, please share in the comments here! Other News: All Glory Seekers and Other Backers! The other kickstarter is going great! All Glory Seekers in THIS kickstarter are getting all Miniatures and Stretch Goals from that Kickstarter included in their pledge! That's right, all the BOSS Minis are Unlocked! It's really amazing! Only 4 Days left! You can still Upgrade your Pledge and/or get Pre-painted add-ons if you want! LINK HERE: <url>#1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) (TONS OF COOL NEW PICTURES TO SEE ON THERE! :) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! I'd like to see 30 thumbs up and some comments on all of the new pictures in a day or so, that should push us on the hotness. And if we're in the Hotness going into Gencon, that should be a big help for us to get enough backing to complete this campaign, make these miniatures and paint them too! Examples of Pics that Need some Love: <url>"SWARM" Mechanic as well as the "SOUL MONGER" Mechanics! You can also ask me anything about the game and we can talk! It will be in the Forums! HERE: <url>#16549903 And Here: <url>#16549926 Please like us on Facebook CLICK HERE and Follow us on Twitter @EEpicGames Your help is very important! Your support is much appreciated! Thank you so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Kicktraq Popularity (Click Link Below) Please help us by clicking here: HERE Here's more Pre-Paint Renders for you to check out! :) I really hope you enjoyed these renders! Please let us know what you think in the comments! Also, please go on Board Game Geek and do some Commenting and Thumbing! Please help us out on BoardGameGeek.com #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! Thanks so much for your great support and help getting the word out! We're ramping up for GenCon! We hope to see you there! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We've gone ahead and invested in having our 3D Artist Vitaliy Burov do color renderings of the Miniatures! These Color renderings are what will be sent in to the Manufacturer so that they can be painted to match! Notice that we've included the Black-Wash that has been Recommended by many backers! ;) This will bring out the Details in the miniatures. These samples will show the colors used and the details and are not 100% Final, however, they are meant to be a very close representation of what the Pre-Painted figures will look like! Vitaliy is working on coloring them all now and should be done soon... As I get new updated artwork, I will definitely update you and share more and More! Also, our manufacturer has mailed our samples out, we should have them in a few days and when we get them, I'll take pictures of them the best that I can and share those too! Thanks so much! Please let us know what you think!! We still need help getting on that Hotness List to help gain some more traction in the campaign. Please help us out on BGG and on any Blogs you might know! Our BGG Site: <url>"E.O.P. Upgrades Pledge Level" which is $10. If you want to upgrade from your original Pledge to the Glory Seeker Pledge OR if you want to Upgrade your Glory Seeker Pledge to a Pre-Painted Glory Seeker Pledge level, here are the Prices you need to "Over Pledge" into the Pledge Manager in order to obtain the Glory Seeker or Pre-Painted Glory Seeker. In order to Specifically upgrade your pledge from Original Glory Seeker to Pre-Painted, all you have to do is pledge the $175 in the upgrade pledge level (Total). Any other pledge levels are upgraded to Glory Seeker by using the list above! All Glory Seeker Pledges get all of the perks from This campaign and the NEW campaign! I.E. all Miniatures and Stretch Goals from Both! Please let me know if you have any questions or if you need help with an Upgrade. All Current Glory Seekers from this original Campaign don't have to pledge anything additional to Receive the new Miniatures! They are, as promised, Included in your pledge! From Original and New Kickstarter! You get both! All we ask is for your help to spread the word and get us funded so that we can give you all of these cool new Miniatures and help Enrich our Universe! If you have any spare time, please share the Kickstarter and go on BoardGameGeek.com and help us get on the Hotness List which will help us get more Backers! Here's how to do it: Here's how to get on the Hotness List: #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! For the Step-by-Step Walkthrough of how to go on BGG and Help, Please see our Original Update LINK Also share on Facebook, Twitter, and Tell your Friends! :) Thanks so much for your help and Support! Any time you can spend on this is much appreciated.... if you have 2 mins, Great! If you have 10 even better! Every little bit helps! We have a Special Artifact Pack to give everyone when we hit that Additional 50 Backers point! We need your help and support to get us there! Thank you so very much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Adventurers! We're over 35% Funded now! You guys are doing great! Today's Sunday and I know what you're thinking...(Oh No... we didn't get to the Legendary Artifact Pack...) Have no Fear! We're always trying to find new ways of getting the word out about Secrets of the Lost Tomb and once again, we're calling upon your help to get us "Kickstarted" by spreading the word! Once we've gotten to 150 backers you'll be awarded the Legendary Artifact Pack! (All backers who get a Core game get this Pack) How to Get the Word Out: Social Networks: There are many ways for us to get more backers.. Such as, Share the Game on Facebook and Twitter, on Meetup.com (share with your BoardGameGroups!) on Blogs that you go to that have BoardGamers.... and of course word of mouth at your Local Game Store! One of the best ways is by supporting us on BoardGameGeek.com ! The reason why it's so important is because on BoardGameGeek.com they have a special Hotness List that if your board game get's on it, it will become ultra visible and very noticeable by Board Game Fans! And we need as many eyes on the Kickstarter as possible! How to get on the Hotness List: #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! Our Facebook: www.facebook.com/everythingepicgames Our Twitter: @EEpicGames Thank you SO Much for helping us share!!! In Other News: We are now a Proud Member of the Indie Game Alliance! They're always looking for new "Minions" to help playtest games and demo games at conventions! If you're interested in helping out or if you're a game's publisher/designer and would like to join... go to <url>"Tavern Brawl: A Fantasy Bar Fight Game" Check out their kickstarter link here: <url>’re already over 25% Funded but we need to go All the Way! In Order to do that… we need You! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are offering you a very special Artifact Legendary Pack to include with EVERY PLEDGE THAT INCLUDES THE CORE GAME... ADVENTURER and ABOVE ... You do NOT have to be a New Backer of the NEW Kickstarter to Get this FREE REWARD.... All you have to do ... Is Help! :) Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive Quest: This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (As Quickly As Possible)! When we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who’s Pledge Includes the Secrets of the Lost Tomb Core Game will receive the Ultimate Mythological Legendary Artifact Weapons Pack! 5 AMAZING Legendary Artifact Weapons: Mjölnir, Thor's Hammer Zeus' Bolt Death's Scythe Excalibur, Sword of Kings The Spear of Destiny (AND As a special part of this new campaign, for Every special Promo Pack we Achieve... we will Release another Promotional Pack Incentive! The more you achieve, the more opportunities will become available ! (We want to give you guys MORE Rewards for your Help!) Just like any good cooperative game... It's not Easy... But if we Work together... we will WIN! So... here's how we do it... In order to get in the Hotness List on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the following things: 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page( <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far on kickstarter etc… Your rating can always be changed later ;) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! I’ve also created a Step by Step Picture Reference added Below for those who are NEW to BoardGameGeek.com We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get FUNDED and into the STRETCH GOALS :) Every comment and thumbs up is important... So, if you can do only 1... or if you can do All of Them.... we appreciate it! If you have any additional questions about how to do this Please Send me a Message and I'm more than happy to help ! So... even though this original Campaign is Over... you can Still get More Great Rewards added on FREE just by helping us out with this new Campaign! :) Thank you so much for your help and support with this! This will make a huge impact on the project! We thank you for your time and we promise that this will only help make the project even better! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for your Amazing words of Encouragement and for coming out to Support us in getting these New Miniatures Made and in Spreading the Word about Secrets of the Lost Tomb! Dear Glory Seekers: I received over 100 Emails today from Glory Seekers, confirming and asking me things like "Are you sure? Are you really going to give us all of those Miniatures from this New Campaign?" And Yes indeed! Just to reconfirm with all of you backers... For those who also may be confused or Unsure.... Yes! We are including all Miniatures + Stretch Goals from the New Campaign to Every Glory Seeker Pledge or Glory Seeker Upgraded Pledge (New or Original) That means that if you're currently a Glory Seeker, you may not know what to do? You may be wondering.... how Can I help? Well... if you're interested in upgrading further, you can go for the Pre-Painted Miniatures Upgrade! (Many of you have already opted for this Upgrade, which is awesome!) Want to Upgrade to Glory Seeker Now? That's easy! All you have to do is check out the New Kickstarter page and Upgrade your original Pledge using the EOP Members Upgrade section! (Instructions are on the Kickstarter page) Link to New Kickstarter: <url>"Glory Seeker Complete" campaign and once funded, will add ALL NEW MINIATURES from this campaign and the original campaign go to ALL GLORY SEEKER Pledge Levels , Including ALL ORIGINAL Secrets of the Lost Tomb Kickstarter backer pledges . (Yes, that's right... we're keeping our promise!... WHY? Because you're the Best Backers in the World!) I repeat... all Glory Seekers (even original pledges get ALL MINIATURES in this New Kickstarter!) Check out our New Line (Including our Original Line) of Miniatures for the SotLT Universe! Also.... Backers who have backed in This Kickstarter on other levels, will now have an opportunity to become a Glory Seeker in this New Kickstarter! You'll also have a chance to upgrade your Glory Seeker to a Pre-Painted Option! Thanks so much for checking out our new Kickstarter and Please be assured that the new Kickstarter will not Delay the original timeline of this fall's release! Thank you so much for your support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers!!! Optional Mission: Start the Music Below before Scrolling Down too far... <url>"James Bond-Themed" Interactive Game Experience, a LARP in New York City and we will also be running some of those events at Dexcon as well... See our Website <url>"Tomb Base" Thanks so much !!! We're still on schedule for Late Summer Release!! (Late August/Sept Shipping for the game!!!) After Gencon and before Essen is our plan so we're still on schedule for that! Our plans for the Miniature Expansion AKA the "Glory Seeker Complete" Kickstarter is coming along very well and only needs the rest of the 3D Modeling to be completed... that is scheduled for August completion and should be able to be up on KS to end some time near Gencon! NOW A QUICK AND FUN POLL!!! We've been working hard finding ways to make our Miniatures Unique and as Awesome as possible... We've developed a Custom Base... we're trying to pick the Thickness... The base also comes with the name engraved (if we can definitely mould it) on the bottom! Check out the picture and let me know what you think! Do you like the THICKER base? Or Thinner Base? It's shaped like the Tomb with weathering and the Tomb symbol on top and Character Name on bottom.... What do you think of this Cool Custom Base compared to simple Circle base? (See more pics of Christopher St. George.. Below: Lionman Thickness Example Pic) Go to this Poll and Answer :) LINK: Here's the link to the Google Poll! Click Here! (or above pics) Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! This update is intended for Kickstarter Backers and anyone interested in Secrets of the Lost Tomb and other Everything Epic Games Productions. Thank you for your interest and your continued support! Hey Backers! I am very proud and honored to present to you.... the Glorious... "Atlantis Discovered Tile Expansion Pack!" Now that it has been completed... final graphic design (Danger level of rooms and room effects will be graphically added in...)*** But since our excellent artist has finished this work... I Could not WAIT to show you! From the Lowest bowels of the Tomb, under the structure... The origins of the Power of the Tomb's Mysterious Magic and supernatural ties to otherworldly influences and random disappearances and appearances... When you ask where the Tomb came from... to find the Truth... to Realize the Secret of the Lost Tomb... you must Discover... Atlantis! *** Remember... These tiles will be only about 3.5 inches square with interlocking mechanisms... Meaning... the artwork you're seeing is FAR LARGER than it will be in final form... some things are created in a specific way to help translate in a small room tile :) Try to keep that in mind when checking out the art! We hope you enjoy! Some more News... We were at Pax East as many of you Know! There was a Recording of the Panel I spoke in about Crowdfunding! You can listen to it here: <url>"level up" with cool items and skills! Pledges for the full game start at 45 bucks and I've played it... It's Fun and easy to learn! :) Check it out! And if you're so inclined... and like the game... pledge! :) <url>"Secrets of the Lost Tomb" gaming session! If anyone's interested.. please comment here and let me know and I'll try to run a "Backer Only" session if possible!!! Thanks so much everyone.... You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! This is your Reminder that if you have not yet completed your backerkit to please login and complete your backerkit survey/add on any add-ons you desire, as soon as possible. Thanks in advance for your Help getting all of this done! We really want to make sure you get your games to the proper address and that you get all of your add-ons etc properly! :) For those of you who have already completed your Backerkit, THANK YOU VERY MUCH! Your help is much appreciated! :) If you have any friends who want to Pre-Order, please share with them this LINK: <url>—" Remember these rhymes to tell the difference between the two snakes: "Red on yellow, venom fellow; red on black, safe from attack." or "Red on black, venom lack; Red on yellow, killer fellow". Red touches yellow, kills a fellow. Red touches black, friend of Jack. Red touches yellow, kills a fellow. Red touches black, venom lack. Red touches yellow, death says hello. Black touches red, keep your head. Yellow touches red, you be dead. Red touches black, eat Cracker Jacks. " LOL I had to share these rhymes so many different ones! Thanks so much everyone for your amazing support! Please let me know if you need help with the BackerKit! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! I've been getting lots of emails about Dice, Gripmats, Miniatures and Other Add-Ons! Let me help out and make this simpler for you guys! THE DICE: We've explained in many updates in the past but with so much other info in the updates, sometimes things get lost :) So here's the easy way... We are now exclusively using "DoubleSix Dice" Custom Made by our Manufacturers Specifically and Especially for Secrets of the Lost Tomb and Everything Epic Games! 8 Dice are included in EVERY Core Set and 12 Dice are included in the "Extra Dice Pack" All Dice are Uniform, meaning All Dice in our Entire Game System are "Double Six Dice" (D12s that roll as d6's) It's unique, rolls much more nicely than a Cube, and are very COOL! Here's the Final Style that we think looks the best, pops the symbols the best, and is Easy to Read! These Dice roll the results the same as a d6... they are d6 two times on one die! :) Let us know what you think of the colors and symbols in comments! THE GRIPMATS: To help those of you Looking for Gripmats , I have Created a Special WebPage with all of our GripMat Designs on it in large picture format to help you pick what you like! Here's the Link! <url>#!secrets-of-the-lost-tomb-gripmats/c1ito THE ADVENTURE PACKS AND ROOM TILE PACKS: For information on those, please read the descriptions on the BackerKit OR go to the Main Page of the Kickstarter itself. If you look through our updates, you can also find out lots about the Packs too! If you have any special or specific questions about them, please email me directly. <email> ... I'm always here to help!!! LASTLY, THE MINIATURES: Here's the Link to our Miniatures page on our Website! <url>#!minis/c1c75 Thanks so much for your support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! It’s the Update Many of you have been Waiting For!!! The BackerKit, Survey and Add-On Pledge Manager is HERE! (All Backers Must Register on BackerKit to Get Their Pledge!) This update Contains a Quick Overview of: 1. How to Upgrade your Pledge. 2. Available Add-Ons 3. Contact Emails if you need ANY HELP! (We're Here to Help!) 4. Links to Help you be Reminded of Add-ons. 5. Link to the Pre-Order on Backerkit Link for your Friends who want to Pre-Order 6. Instructions for Retailers (Contact us Directly <email>) INSTRUCTIONS FOR BACKERS WHO WANT TO UPGRADE THEIR PLEDGE: As soon as you Login to the Backerkit, there is a Dropdown Menu . It will allow you to upgrade to higher pledges and pay the difference! We’ve made it simple… Three Upgrade Options! The Adventurer at $60 Core Game and Regular Stretch Goals! The Fortune Hunter at $150 Core Game and All Regular Adventure Packs and Stretch Goals! The Glory Seeker at $250 Core Game, All Adventure Packs Regular and Vault of Perseus, All Tile Expansion Packs, Epic Adventure Script, Stretch Goals and Miniatures!!! Also we have TONS of Add-Ons!!! This "Get It All" Pack Includes : All Adventure Packs! Order of Perseus Exclusive Adventure Packs! Tile Expansion Packs! Tile Expansion Packs, Epic Adventure Script! Extra Custom Dice Pack! After You've Chosen your New Upgraded Pledge, you can also Add-On any Additional Items you may Want and then you can pay any difference in costs through BackerKit Directly! You can even Purchase Additional Core Games and Entire Pledge Levels at a Small Discount. Overview of Available Add-Ons on the BackerKit: Being a Kickstarter Backer YOU GET EVERYTHING FIRST!!! A Note About Waiting for Retail: All Adventure Packs, Tile Packs, Miniature Packs and Extras will be released in Waves after all Pledges have been Shipped. Core Game is Released to Retail First, then Expansion Packs will be Released separately at different times. So... If you really want the Adventure Packs, Tile Packs, Miniatures, or Any of the Cool Expansion materials... Get it Now and Get it FIRST! Everything is going to be printed at a limited quantity for this first printing so now's the time to grab what you know you really want before it releases and is sold out in Retail. Wave 1 Miniatures Pack! ( Boss Monsters and Stretch Goal Characters (Click to see pic on our website ) Expansion Room Tile Packs (Atlantis, Secrets and Passages, Traps, ETC) Adventure Packs (Apocalypse Pack, Mythological Origins... ETC... ) Extra Dice (Set of 12 Custom "DoubleSix" dice) Additional Pledge Levels/ Core Games (Add-On for your Friends or Family get Holiday Shopping done Early! ;) Tee Shirts (Small-XXL, Green Rhaz Azul Shirt! Minor International Add Shipping) AND MORE!!! Emails for Help , Questions, and Support: Email us Anytime! Chris@EverythingEpicGames <email> (Question about BackerKit Online System, Email Backerkit... question about Products Email Me!) Link to Updates With Room Tile Pictures and Other Artwork that's Available in Add-Ons: <url>"CHOOSING TWO ADVENTURE PACKS" Please go back in and Try again... the Issue has been fixed! Thanks! Thank you so very Much Backers!!! You're Truly... The Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We Currently have our New Micro Game called Raiders of the Lost Tomb on Kickstarter Now! Be sure to check it out! You can back us for as little as $3 to $5 SHIPPED ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD FREE :) It's a fun Micro version of Secrets of the Lost Tomb! We're Nearly Funded! Help to push us over that edge!!! Thanks for your support! Link: <url>"To hold you over" until Secrets comes out, Raiders of the Lost Tomb can give ya that quick Tomb feel when you're on the go and while you wait till this summer :) As you can see we're still working very hard to get Secrets complete and we're still on schedule. I'm currently working hard to get the scenarios all polished off... Some really amazing and Unique storylines I can't wait for you guys to enjoy! Please check out the Micro Game and share with your friends :) Link Below too: <url>"Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, For the Gamer!" The game is 100% Complete, Playtested, and Ready to Go! (Rules may need some minor editing) but the game is fully developed and has been in the Queue for a while so it's finally time to let you guys enjoy it! It's perfect for putting in your wallet / pocket / car / bag ... etc... and all you need is some Pocket Change to play! We're in the works of getting a video up and online in about a Week... but in the meantime I really look forward to hearing what you backers think about the Print and Play version... (One-Sided Simple set-up version of the Full Game! Full Rules Included) If all goes well the game will be up on Kickstarter with a 3 Dollar (5 dollar suggested pledge) shipped to Anywhere in the world Free and it will Ship Out within 2-4 weeks of the Kickstarter! If you missed the Link here it is! <url>"Dreamation" Game Convention here in Morristown NJ this past weekend where Players got to Experience the Capture the Grail mode of play as well as Demo our new Micro Game "Raiders of the Lost Tomb" a competitive d2 Based Tomb Diving game for 2 players! :) I'm going to Upload this Pics ASAP and share with ya soon! For Now.... you'll have to Settle with some AMAZING new Tomb Art and new Character 3D artwork! :) Hope you Enjoyed!!! More Coming Soon!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers!!!! I've got a ton of new artwork for you to see!!! New "Tomb Expansion Room Tiles" New UPDATED THEME AND NAME FOR THE "TOMB EXTENSION" "THE SECRETS AND PASSAGES PACK" (Included in The Glory Seeker Pledge Level and Also Available as An Add-On)* * May also be a Trap Tile below as well hehe... Check out the New Artwork Below! (Let's start with a Huge Round of Applause for Ninjace!!!) WHEU.... That was a Ton of Work so Far!!! Making AMAZING SPEED and PROGRESS!!! A Round of Applause for our Resident Miracle Worker... NINJACE!!! (AKA Jim) And now for something Completely Similar....;) There were Two Special Pledges that had Custom Tiles Created... Here are the Fruits of their Dream-Inspired Tomb Tiles: I just Love all of those NEW TILES! (Let me know what you think in the Comments Below! In Other News we're still working on some of the Character 3D Models! Check Lady ROCKET out... BOOOOMMM!!! Lastly, the BackerKit is ALMOST COMPLETE!!! I should be sending that out VERY SOON!!! Thank you So much for your Support Backers!!! I really can't wait to get this game in your hands!!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Check out some Awesome News! We were voted the 22nd Most Anticipated Game of 2014! Check it out! LINK HERE! Only a Couple Votes Away from Top 20! Which is awesome since we've only been around for a couple months! The Really REALLY Amazing Part is How well we did in our Nominated Categories! Check THIS out: Most Anticipated Categories (Out of 15) Horror Games of 2014 5th Place!!!! Original/Innovative Games of 2014 15th Place Cooperative Games of 2014 11th Place Solitaire Games of 2014 6th Place Strategy Games of 2014 9th Place Thematic Games of 2014 15th Place Sci-Fi Games of 2014 11th Place Fantasy Games of 2014 8th Place There you have it Backers! We placed in EVERY Category we were Nominated For! WOW! I am so Proud Backers! Thank you so much for your undying support! Amazing job supporting Secrets of the Lost Tomb.... one of the most Highly Anticipated Games on BoardGameGeek.com for 2014! Keep on Supporting us on BoardGameGeek!!! If you haven't yet ... please Become a Fan! Check out the PnP Free Download and also Check out the Pics!!! "Thumbs Up and Comment on Stuff! :) Our Page Link: <url>"Lost Adventure Scripts" that we did not get to during the original Campaign! (I Know I'd Love to get those Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse Minis! Wouldn't YOU?) What Do YOU Think?! Please comment Here in the Update! I want to hear what YOU Think! AND NOW... NEW 3D ARTWORK for Minis!!! Preview of "The Land Colossus" from "One if by Land, Two if By Sea" the Adventure Script !!! This Is not a Boss Monster... it is actually to be controlled by the Player Characters against the Sea Kraken! And a Preview (UNFINISHED) of James T. Temple's Character! Enjoy! Thanks so much for your support! Please let me know what you think about a Miniatures Kickstarter! You're (Still) The Best Backers in the World! Backers! You are the Greatest! Less than 90 Mins left... In case Anyone is Interested... we have a bunch of "Epic Demigod" pledge levels left! (Help Design Your Own Tomb Tile!) You have done such an Amazing Job... and the Game will be a Testament for what you've accomplished for all eternity! It's because of you...That our Dream becomes a Reality! You've done an amazing job! We've hit stretch goals and pushed through in this campaign! You've really come through for us! So we promise to come through for you! We will make the best game we possibly can! Use the best components... highest quality minis, perfect rulebook, and best possible story lines for you to enjoy! We will make sure you have the best looking artwork upgraded and amazing before printing the final game! We will keep you UPDATED (not spammed) but in the loop so you know whats happening with your game as it's being finalized! :) If you have any questions.... need anything at all... we are here! Message me anytime or Email me at <email> We are not going to disappear.... We have some great plans to help you Fans get even more great content! (I.E. Minis and Other Stretch Goals that were not hit yet) When those plans are final, you'll be the First to Know! Like us on Facebook: <url>"Add-Ons" so... I am going to give you a quick "How It Works" description! There are TWO WAYS you can "Add Things On" 1. First, you can ADD ON THE FUNDS TO YOUR PLEDGE. To do this... you go to the "Manage Your Pledge" button on the kickstarter... and you (Add Up the Money Cost, Including Shipping if you're international) and then you Increase your Pledge to the amount that would include all of your add ons. Then what happens, is we send out a special "BackerKit" Pledge Survey, and then you Specify your Add-On Choices... and BackerKit gives you "Credit" and you Choose all the Stuff you want for the Prices that were on the Add-Ons. and... 2. The Second Way you can do this is you can "Wait for the BackerKit Survey"... when you get the Survey... you will be able to do the Exact Same Thing as Listed Above...(choose all Add-On Options and Specify What you Want Exactly) Only Difference is... You Must Pay for it Through BackerKit's Payment System Separately! AND These may not (we haven't decided yet) count towards the Stretch Goals. :) (Currently the GripMats are Shipping Separately so for International Buyers there is a Small Extra Fee) (DoubleSix Dice ship With the Game... The DoubleSix that Are Custom Etched Dice will be In the Box as the Main Dice, if you're a GlorySeeker... you get an Extra Set of DoubleSix Dice!) (If you do or have already Done a DoubleSix Dice or Any Dice Add-On, you'll get these Cool Dice!) Very Simple Options!!! :) If you have Specific Questions about these... feel Free to Message Me or Comment about it! Also! Very Important... Please Vote for Us on BGG Most Anticipated Game of 2014! (If you haven't Done this Already!) Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"EB #3 Glory Seekers" if Anyone's Interested in Pledging Up and Saving a little money :) We have Less than 2 Days to Go so for us to hit more stretch goals... we need your help to Spread the Word! Tell All of your Networks, Friends, Gaming Groups... Anyone you might thing is interested in Secrets of the Lost Tomb! :) Share away and help yourself and your fellow backers get even more awesome Cool Stuff! :) If you have Any Questions about Anything! Please don't hesitate to Message me or Comment! I'm here for you! Thank you So Much for all of your Amazing Support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! As Promised... Play the Video... THEN SCROLL DOWN LOWER!!!! <url>"6" Critical Hit) what do you guys think? Comment below.. . Also: Don't forget to add your Gripmat if you're interested! (Either add it on to your Pledge NOW OR Use the Pledge Manager on BackerKit to get it Later! :) Thanks so much Backers for your Support!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We're ALMOST at our 90K Stretch Goal for Brig Gen. Patrick Drake to join the Team! :) Also, Keep in mind the Voting is Still Open: If you haven't Voted Yet... Please Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. Link ONE MORE TIME BELOW : <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. Link ONE MORE TIME BELOW: <url>#item2999145 This is Our Nomination to Make sure we will be in the Running! Your Thumbs will help us become Nominated and Eligible for the Voting Process! (Which Begins TOMORROW! I will Remind you! :) Here's the Link! Click it and Thumbs up Our game! :) It's Super Quick to Do! The Link again... <url>#item2999145 Special Thanks to Peter Dorney and Paul C for Starting the Nominations for us! :) Also, just a Reminder if you haven't already... Please Help out Our BGG Hotness and Visit our BGG Page! <url>#1! Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World! HEY BACKERS!!! I'VE GOT HUGE NEWS!!! 80K STRETCH GOAL HAS BEEN UNLOCKED! Dr. Heidi Dupont New Character and Her Miniature is now on the Team! :) ALSO! EVEN BIGGER NEWS! TWO NEW VAULT OF PERSEUS ITEMS HAVE BEEN ADDED! First... You Get: Valhalla Rising! The Daughter of Lief Ericson has returned with the Tomb to reclaim the New World... for Honor, for Glory, for her FATHER! Will the Eternal Order of Perseus be able to find out what she truly desires before she is able to activate the powers of the Viking Gods? and Second... You Get: The New and Exciting EPIC ADVENTURE SCRIPT! The Origin of the Tomb! Learn where the Tomb came from and how it came to be in our world... How did some of the most powerful artifacts and supernatural mysteries come to be in the Tomb... Find out in this Epic Adventure Script! The Epic Adventure Script is an All New way to Play! It's a longer, more detailed campaign-like mode (cooperative) where players have the opportunity to play through the game in an even more involved way than before. The Epic Adventure Script is like a traditional Scenario Adventure Script in the way of some objectives, however, once you've completed a section (or major objective) there will be " Choices ".... The Players must agree on one of these choices according to what they believe is the best for the direction they would like to go in... Very Similar to a "Choose Your Own Adventure Book!" ... Every Choice will have Effects, Outcomes, and Consequences! This gives this Adventure the Ultimate Replayability and Player Options! The Epic Adventure Script comes in a Booklet Format with More Story and More Great Details for you to Immerse yourself in! ***Help us get to NUMBER 1 on BoardGameGeek.com !!! Please Comment and Become a Fan and Rate us! :) Comments on Pictures and Thumbs up HELP ALOT! :) See Update #34 For Instructions on how YOU can help us get more stretch goals! Click This link to see Update #34 for more Information on how YOU can help! :) THANK YOU SO MUCH BACKERS! KEEP UP THE AMAZING WORK! KEEP ON PUSHING AND DO THE BEST YOU CAN TO SPREAD THE WORD! STICK WITH US AND LET'S GET TO THOSE AWESOME BOSS MONSTER MINIS AND THROUGH EVEN MORE STRETCH GOALS! YOU'RE THE GREATEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! Hey Backers! You guys really did an amazing job! Thanks so much for the hard work so far!!! See Update #34 For Instructions on how YOU can help us get more stretch goals! Update #34 Link! Click Here! You all certainly earned the Samurai Adventure Pack! Happy New Year and Congratulations to all! I hope you all can still go forward and help us push just a bit more! We only have 6 days to go... and being at #1 Will help us get noticed by even more Board Gamers! Lets help people find the game before the end of the campaign! Lets get even MORE gamers get us to get those stretch goals made!!! :) Thank you all for all of your support! I really look forward to you getting this game in your hands soon!!! Doublesix Dice FAQ: We know that their schedule says August delivery... we when making our custom DoubleSix Dice will be able to accelerate the creation schedule to have it on time with the manufacturing of our game so Secrets of the Lost Tomb will not be delayed by dice creation. You're the Best Backers in the World! Thanks for Spending the New Year with US! :) Hey Backers! We've Done it Before... let's Do It AGAIN!!! Let's get that Free Adventure Set for All Backers who Pledged the Adventurer and Above! (Shown Below) <url>"Sword of Honor... Sword of Doom" In an age long forgotten, there were 2 Master Swordsmiths. Masamune had no peer in his craft until Muramasa was born. Muramasa became the greatest student of Masamune, willing and able to learn from the Master himself. As he matured, Muramasa’s skills and innovative modern styles began to eclipse those of Masamune in the eyes of the public. While Masamune showed nothing but unending praise for his Pupil, Muramasa was always green-eyed with envy because he never truly felt satisfied with his work compared to his master’s. Their Shogun, in his great wisdom, proposed a contest to ease the growing tension between the two men. The contest was simple. Each was to slice one of the shogun’s mustache hairs from end to end as many times as possible. An impossible task to complete even once, or so the shogun thought. To the amazement of the audience, Masamune was able to slice the hair exactly 1 more time than his mentor. Enraged, Muramasa attacked Masamune when his back was turned. Masamune defended himself masterfully and thoroughly, while Masamune attacked with no regard to his own life or his master’s. Both men were killed in the Epic Battle. Muramasa’s sword, decreed to be cursed, as it was used to kill in cold blood. Masamune’s sword was held in the highest honor, having defended an innocent. Neither sword would be ever be wielded again. They were each encased in Jade, Black Jade for that of Muramasa’s sword and White Jade for that of Masamune’s. When the time was right, they were taken to the Island of the Eternal Lotus, where they were hidden from all but the most worthy and also perceptive. Our Kickstarter Partners: DoubleSix Dice: Check out our Dice Partner DoubleSix! :) GripMats: Don't Forget to Add-On Your Gripmat! :) (You can do this Now by Over-Pledging OR later In Backerkit Survey! ) Thanks so Much for All of your Continued Support! You're the Greatest Backers in the World!!! HEY BACKERS!!! Time for us to Go Viral again! We want to get EVERYONE Great Stuff FREE!!!! We’re Ramping up for the final 8 Days of the Campaign and We want to get these Even MORE stretch goals Unlocked for Everyone! :) In Order to do that … we need You ! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are going to offer another GREAT Special Backer Reward! It's Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive! This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (In the next 48 hours )! If we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive: "The Tale of Two Swords, the Legend of Muramasa" Adventure set! "The first of the swords was by all accounts a fine sword, however it is a blood thirsty, evil blade, as it does not discriminate as to who or what it will cut. It may just as well be cutting down butterflies as severing heads. The second was by far the finer of the two, as it does not needlessly cut that which is innocent and undeserving." In order to get on the Hotness Chart on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the steps below: (There are a lot of steps below... do as much as you're able... if you can do a couple comments and a couple thumbs... cool! Thanks! If you can do everything... AWESOME! :) 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com (If you aren’t sign up for free) 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page ( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Takes some Time but Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery. e. Rate our Game (I know some of you haven’t played yet, but use your best judgment! And feel free to download the print and play mini game! (which is also on the BGG Site! <url>"Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me: I have included a special In Depth WALKTHROUGH to BoardGameGeek use! Here’s a Link! : <url>"Push Wallet" A Must-See project we think you should know about: The World's First automatic smartphone wallet, is also the slimmest. It's a wallet that'll blow your minds. Push – Your Wallet at the Touch of a Button • <url>’s an elegant, discreet and ultra-secure wallet protective case, all-in-one. World Famous artists are contributing their artwork for exclusive Kickstarter only Specials. So we encourage you to check out the rewards. Thanks for Looking Backers! I can't wait to share more and show you more AMAZING STUFF SOON!!!! :) WOO HOO!!! Only 10 Days Left!!! Let's keep this Momentum GOING!!!! Hey Backers! 1. Important Survey! This is a Very Important Survey that we need you to take! It's quick but Important! It can help us choose how specific game components will be chosen and more! <url># Have a Wonderful Evening and Christmas Day! You're the Best Backers in the World! -Chris Hey Backers! Just wanted to wish everyone a Merry Christmas Eve! And with that, I wanted to share some New 3D and Other artwork I just got in! Bianca Sinclair! AND: <url>#22 for Step by Step Instructions! Thank You So Much! You're the Best Backers in the World! :) Hey Backers! We're getting so close to that Stretch Goal for the Core Minis! Lets Get There! .... And Now... for MORE Horsemen!!! The Black Horse! Famine! "And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; Zech. 6.2, 6 and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine." Enjoy the Music Below with the new Pic! <url>"And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see. And there went out another horse that was red: Zech. 1.8 ; 6.2 and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword." ....... : BEHOLD! WAR!!! New Video Song to Listen to While you Look! :) Enjoy... <url>"And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see. 2 And I saw, and behold a white horse: Zech. 1.8 ; 6.3 and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer." — Revelation 6:1-2 Some Johnny Cash Music to go with the Pic Below: (Turn on the Music then Scroll down to the new Art! :) ENJOY!!!! <url>#1 PESTILENCE! 3 MORE HORSEMEN COMING SOON! Thanks everyone for your Undying Support! We're continuing to bring you Great New Updated Artwork!!! Hang In There my Friends!!! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! --Chris Hey Backers! As Promised, Here's the Preview done by Tom Vasel of the Dice Tower! <url>"Alligator" MacPhee!!! Here to help us Get There!!! All Core Games now Include this New Character! Congratulations Everyone! Great Job! Other Exciting News.... I had an Interview with DJ Grandpa and it's Live and Ready for your listening enjoyment on free podcast... DJ Grandpa is the Voice of Kickstarter and he and I have a great discussion about the game with a little more of an insider look at myself, Chris the head designer here at EEG :) <url>’ve been working VERY HARD for You !!! We’ve been spending the last three weeks , ever since the campaign has begun trying to find a way…. ANY way to get these Miniatures in your awesome Hands, so that everyone can Enjoy! We’ve found the way!!! To make this Happen for You, we’ve decided to split the miniatures up into “WAVES” … Instead of doing it all in one giant BUMP ($250K Stretch Goal) We have found a NEW method of breaking it up so that you can be GUARANTEED to get Minis no matter what! We have Re-Structured the Stretch Goals and the Kickstarter to make this happen! Here’s what we’ve done: We’ve compressed the existing stretch goals into more easily attainable goals: Alligator MacPhee is now only a couple dollars away only 65K!!! Core Character Miniatures: $70,000 Stretch Goal!!!! When we hit 70,000 We will Include All Core Game character Miniatures in Every Game! That includes all "Core Characters" and all Stretch Goal "Core Characters" that are coming up in the stretch goals! (When we’ve hit the 70,000 Stretch Goal it will be 10 Minis!!!) We then Give New Minis (for The Glory Seeker and for Add-Ons) Almost EVERY $5K!!! Check out the NEW UPDATED Stretch Goal Picture Below and on the NEW UPDATED Kickstarter Page!!! YOU'RE THE BEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! THANKS FOR STICKING WITH US! THIS WILL ONLY GET BETTER! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for checking out this Important Update!!! 1. We have opened up a New Adventure: As you saw in last night’s Teaser , there’s a new Evil in town! The High Emperor Drakkus, the Son of the Dragon and Past Leader of the Brotherhood of Drakkus…is buried in the Tomb and so is his Still-Beating Heart separated from him, locked away in a Vault Sealed with Powerful Magic and Guarded by Ancient Forces. His Draconian Brothers are on their way to find it, and revive him so that he can lead them to Victory… the Eternal Order of Perseus cannot let this happen… at least not without a fight! (We’re adding this to the Vault Picture later today) (See Update #19 for the Picture) 2. EU Friendly Shipping Announcement I attempted to announce this in the body of the game and throughout the campaign but I don't believe I've truly hit the nail on the head yet.... We are formally announcing EU Friendly Shipping and International Fulfillment that will help Backers get their games without extra fees and in a faster more efficient way! Here's to you international Backers! 3. For The Holidays we Give you: More Fortune Hunter ($145) and More Glory Seeker Early Birds at ($235). Tis’ the Season of Giving! Tis’ the Season of Generosity! Tis’ the Season of more Early Birds at the $145 and the $235 Pledge level! Have No Fear!!! Anyone who’s pledged at the $245 level, I have taken a list of each of you… you may switch down to the $235 level at Any Time during the campaign even if it fills up… just by contacting me. I have taken your name and pledge level down. We will keep the momentum going and moving in the right direction and so we’ve decided to open up more of these early birds in hopes to drive more traffic and more early Backers to the campaign to help it grow so that we will be able to get to miniatures sooner! There’s 28 Days to Go … let’s make each one count! Please feel free to Message me directly if you have any questions about this change. We hope the added savings to those at $245 will be worth the inconvenience of adjusting your pledge level. 4. Name A Tile Pledge: EVOLVED! Now the "Design A Tile" We’ve decided to go a bit crazy and work with you guys to help design the game! The "Name a Tile" pledge is going to change and now become a “Design a Tile” pledge. We will work with you and your likes/dislikes and ideas about effects of the tile (in the scope of the world of the Tomb) to work together to Create a Tile that you’d love! Our game designers and Artist will work with you to create the Tomb Tile Room of your Dreams ! The Name a Tile has been removed and a New Pledge Level has been added! This is a very special Tier that comes with Glory Seeker Level rewards and the Immortality to have your very own personalized Tile in the Tomb. * * Game Designer and Artists have Final say and word on any tiles created. Will do their best to create the tile of your dreams within reason and scope of the tile type. 5. Game Previews Coming Soon: Undead Viking Videos: And: The Dice Tower: with Tom Vasel Thank You So Much for YOUR support! We Can't Do This Without YOU! You're the Best Backers in the World! Presenting: Emperor Drakkus, the Son of the Dragon "Through the Millennia, a still-beating heart pumps... locked away from it's owner's body... a sunken city , where the Dead now reign... the wings of doom and the teeth of death now rise to seek out their M aster ... The Brotherhood has waited Long Enough ..." Coming soon to the Vault of Perseus! (And to the Adventure Sets / Add-On Menu) Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World! HEEEYYYY BACKERS!!! It's been a Crazy Week! We held on to boardgamegeek.com #1 spot for over 3 Days! Amazing Job! I hope you guys, if you haven't already, hop on there and become a fan and comment on some pics to help raise our Rank some more on the Hotness ! :) We've Completed and Unlocked our 2nd Stretch Goal the "Capture the Grail" Competitive Move of Play! Every base game will receive extra Items and Artifacts as well as special rules for this NEW and COOL Mode of play! And Third of all.... THE VIDEO IS COMPLETE!!!! <url>“Lady Rocket.” In the summer of 1926 Soviets troops enter the area where she lived, intent to return those who fled back to Russia. Emma and her family made their way to Switzerland. In Geneva, Emma was approached by the EOP and offered a chance to develop new equipment and inventions for the US military. She flew to Roswell, New Mexico and been working for EOP ever since. Next Stretch Goal: Special Competitive Mode of Play "Capture the Grail": This Mode has a classic Capture the Flag feel with a Modern/Tomb Twist! Players run into the Tomb and explore until they can reach the bottom level where they must grab the Grail and Run out! As soon as the Grail is Touched, Traps, Monsters, and Friendly Fire are now ACTIVE! So from there on own it's an all out War to see who can escape with the Holiest of Relics... This Mode of Play Includes: Rules, Special Items, Artifacts, and Trap Cards that will be Added to Every Core Game adding even more Replayability and Fun to the Tomb! You Guys are Amazing and I really Appreciate your Comments, Suggestions, and Support! I really Appreciate you all Posting on BGG and Helping us Stay #1 On the Hotness which will DEFINITELY help us get to our Stretch Goals and to the Minis Quickly! Keep Posting and Thumbs Up-Ing in the Comments! Help us stay #1 for the Campaign!!! We are going to be adding more to the Stretch Goals Soon from 100K to 250K (We will add that in) We have also Added in a Description of Solo Play into the Body of the Kickstarter in case you or someone you know wants to know a little more about how Solo Play will work in SotLT. And once again, Gameplay Video Coming VERY SOON! (We're working really hard to make it Great!) Gameplay Previews are also coming soon... I'm printing up More Prototypes to Send out! So in about 1 week-ish we should have some Cool Previews to show you guys! Thanks so much again for everything! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers (Best in the World), Outstanding Job on the 100% Funding! So happy and grateful that we're fully funded in only 1 week from when we launched! This just goes to show how much people care and how much they have pushed to support our project. We highly appreciate it and we hope you know how much it means to us that you're helping make our dream a reality . Here's what you get: This adventure set, "Barbarossa's Barbary" is a part of a set of 2 (The Bounty of Blackbeard) that we released for Black Friday's sale and added it on this weekend and we hope to make sure that there's more amazing fun stuff to come soon! Now all pledges, The Adventurer and above receive these two FUN Adventure Sets included in their pledge. Also a reminder: Anyone who's interested in Pledging and Backing us for a Holiday and/or Christmas Gift we will Happily provide a very special E-Card to send you our gratitude and to give you something that you can give the gift recipient. Once again, Thank you so much for helping us get to this point in only 1 week! We hope to make it to our big stretch goal of the Miniatures at least by the end of the campaign... We really appreciate your help and ongoing support in our project and in us! Keep on Spreading the Word, sharing online, telling friends, and Most of All, commenting on Board Game Geek :) Thank you again for being the Best Backers in the World! We Can't Do this Without You! Friends, Allies, Backers... Lend Me Your Ears! (Or eyes in this case) You all did a Fantastic Job getting us to the TOP 3 on Board Game Geek in a short amount of time... We are on the Verge of being funded and it's been only a little more than 6 Days! You know that we here at Everything Epic Games LOVE giving our Backers (The Best Backers in the World) Awesome Free Stuff... Extra Stuff.... MORE STUFF... and that's why ... because of your efforts... we believe that it will be tomorrow, (Monday) that will be the day that we are funded.... One Week from our Starting Day.... One Week to Fund! Therefore to make sure that you guys get the very unique other half to the Pirate Set (Barbarossa's Barbary) we are going to keep pushing it until Tomorrow Evening to be funded and this way we can give you this Second Part of the Adventure Pack! So what can we (Awesome) Backers do Until Then You Say? Lets Stay on that Hotness List! Let's take the #1 Spot! In Order to do that... all I ask is that you: 1. Be Member of BoardGameGeek.com (If you aren't already one :) 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page ( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get Funded and to the Miniature Stretch Goal ASAP! We will be adding some more stretch goals very soon and once the funding gets rolling ... more Vault of Perseus Stuff!!! :) Quick Update on Gameplay Demo Video and Preview Videos: We're Rendering the Video Now and it has a little more Editing Work that needs to be done to it... This is a time consuming process... but we want it to be really good for you Backers.. so we need just a little more time to get it finished for all of you and posted here on the Kickstarter! So It's Coming Soon! Preview Videos are being prepared and will be coming soon within about 1 week or so... So I hope you all Look Forward to Those! :) Thank you so much! Can't wait to be fully funded and moving in on those Miniatures! :) You're the Greatest Backers in the World! Hey Expedition Members! (AKA Backers!) We had an awesome time tonight preparing the Game Demo Video for you which we hope will be finished being Edited by tomorrow evening. (Big round of applause to our Editor Jim (Ninjace) We did a GREAT Job getting on the Hotness! So let's keep those Comments coming and keep pushing up and UP to get to the TOP!!! (I think we could Surpass Eldritch Horror and Heroquest... Don't you? :) Some More News... We gotta keep pushing tomorrow to get to our Funded Goal! If we make it by end of the day tomorrow (Monday Morning) we will give EVERY BACKER (Adventurer Level and Above) the Scenario Script Adventure Set "Barbarossa's Barbary" which is a Black Friday Special Promo which has evolved into a Get Funded Promo! :) Everyone has already received "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure Set because of our new Hotness Glory... so let's complete the Pirate Adventure Pack with a BANG and add in the next Set! Miniature News: We have a Brand Spankin' New 3D Model for you all to enjoy! With Great Pleasure... I now Present to you... "The Forsaken King!" The Lionman! Let me know what you think! :) Thanks so much once again for all of your amazing support! We Can't Do this without you! You're the Best Backers in the World! Good Morning Backers! You wanted it! Now you got it! "The Bounty of Black Beard" Himself Shall Be Yours! Thank you so much to everyone and their hard work in getting our name out there! Remember, It's not over yet! It's only just begun!!! Now that we're up there in the Hotness Lights... we need to stay there and continue to Rise reaching up for those Minis! So please continue commenting and thumbs-ing on Board Game Geek ... start a page about us even for fun... Chat about the game :) and if you haven't yet already... Please see Update #9 on how to help us get to BoardGameGeek.com Fame! :) We're on the Hotness now so let's keep rising to the Top to help Secrets of the Lost Tomb get those miniatures and more great stuff for everyone! Don't forget the second part of our Promise... We will give you the "Barbarossa's Barbary" when we become Fully Funded by the end of this weekend! Only about 13K left to go!!! So let's keep-on a Pushin' and getting the word out in all the forums, social media, and to your friends! :) Thank you so much for supporting us the way you are... this really means a lot to us... You're the Best Backers in the World! More To Come Soon! Stay Tuned! --Chris Hey Incredible Backers! You all did a Fantastic Job Today! Really Great Work on BGG as well as with spreading the word during this very busy shopping rush! We really appreciate the great Push, Awesome Comments, Ratings, and Thumbs up!! The More Comments, Thumbs, Mentions etc.. The Better! We will Hold On to the Results for the BGG Exposure Reward until tomorrow when everything on their servers Reset! If we hit the Hotness Then Everyone will get that Reward! Because of an Amazing job working together! If by some chance we did not get on the Hotness on BGG, we are going to give everyone an EXTENSION ! This is not a contest, this is Teamwork! This is all about making this project the best it can be by getting it to the people who haven't yet had the chance to see it! If we all keep working together... once we get to where we need to be... (Hotness List) we will still reward Everyone (Adventurer Level and Above) "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure set! The more People who can see the project the better! Because the sooner we get Funded, the faster we can move towards the Miniatures for ALL Stretch Goal! That's Not All!!! There's More... We would like to offer our backers another opportunity to Obtain the FULL Pirate Adventure... Tell everyone you know about the project... Post on Forums you Like, or Find, about the Project... post the Link to Secrets of the Lost Tomb where ever you deem appropriate. Because... if we are able to be Fully Funded by the end of this Weekend... by Sunday Night 11:59pm... we will give everyone the other half of the Black Friday Promotion! We will offer the Entire Adventure Set of "Barbarossa's Barbary" FREE to all Backers Adventurer Level and Above! This is a THANK YOU for the amazing Help you've given so far... and a Thank you In Advance for Helping us through the Rest of the Campaign! You're the BEST Backers in the World! --Chris AWESOME BACKERS! Thanks so much for the push so far! We've got lots of new comments and thumbs on BGG... The Online Sales, and the Long Lines in the Store can't stop Our Amazing backers! You Guys Rock! :) Keep on Pressing Forward! Great Progress! Lets keep it going! As many comments and Thumbs and Ratings, forum posts, and publicity that we can get on BGG will help! Keep on Commenting and Thumbing! Each person who contributes is helping us get even closer to those miniatures!!! We've gotten about 16 new backers today and we gotta keep it going! We only need about another 34 new backers (Adventurer and Above) to get us to one of our goals! Keep on Spreading the Word! :) Thanks so much! We have 47 Fans so far On BGG and about an average of 3 Comments on Each Picture... lets keep that going and get as many comments as we can get! If we all pull together, we can really get this game to Victory ! :) Hey Backers! Time for us to Go Viral! On Black Friday we want to get EVERYONE Great Stuff FREE !!!! We’re Ramping up for Black Friday after our Thanksgiving Dinner we are Very Thankful for all of our Backers and we’re thankful for being over 60% Funded and we want to get completely funded and to the Big Stretch Goal as Quickly as we can so we can go beyond for YOU! We want to get these Miniatures Made for Everyone! :) In Order to do that … we need You ! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are going to offer 2 Great Pledge Rewards for Black Friday for 24 Hours Only!!! Pledge Reward 1 : Backer Push Incentive! If we get 50 more backers (In the next 24 Hours) on top of our OVER 170 current backers… EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the “Barbarossa’s Barbarism” Adventure set. Pledge Reward 2 : Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive! This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (In the next 24 hours) ! If we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure set! In order to get in the Hotness Chart on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the following things: 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get to the Miniature Stretch Goal! Thank you so much! You're the Greatest Backers in the World! Holiday E-Card Provided! Anyone who would like to Back us and Pledge for someone as a Gift for the upcoming Holiday Season , we will provide you with a Free Backer Pledged Holiday E-Card for you to give to the recipient of the Board Game that Keeps-On Giving! This way they’ll have something that they can receive as a gift that you can print yourself when the giving time comes. Example Below: Thank you for your help! We can't do this without YOU! The best backers in the world! Hey Backers! Hope everyone is enjoying Thanksgiving and We're very excited to announce that we're 60% Funded! We want to keep this going and we are going to be giving some amazing Black Friday incentives coming up starting at Midnight Tonight! We are going to be offering some great stuff for EVERYONE! Details are coming soon! It's the Holiday Season so we're going to keep pushing forward with you to get to our stretch goal and get those Miniatures Made!!! I'll be in touch later with another Exciting Black Friday Update! Added some more info to Board Game Geek and more Pics of Characters and some Gameplay (waiting for it to be approved by BGG Admins) Interesting Insight to our Prototype Games that you'll be able to view! Gameplay Video Coming Soon! Have a wonderful day everyone and keep on spreading the word! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! What an amazing first couple days! Lets keep the momentum going! We're over the 50% mark and we gotta keep the steam going... We're moving into Thanksgiving and we have a lot of plans for PR, Advertising, and anything that can give this campaign a Boost towards the big stretch goals and the Miniatures! Here's the BGG Site... <url>"The Vault of Perseus"! The very SPECIAL additional Content for the Game and included in every "The Glory Seeker" Pledge Level and above! And we will keep on adding more content as the Campaign Grows! :) Currently Including: The Meridian of Medusa: A Tomb Expansion Pack (Special Unique Triangle Tiles) AND Atlantis... Discovered!: A Tomb Expansion Pack (Level 4 of the Tomb Explored!) SEE THE PICTURES BELOW! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT! YOU'RE THE GREATEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! THANK YOU EVERYONE! MORE TO COME!!! A Short Update: Firstly, I want to thank each and every one of you for Pledging so far… We’re really making great progress and growing! To those who pledged the first EB Glory Seeker... Thank You Very Much! The Glory Seeker Will Get Better and Better as the Campaign Grows! We have added another EB Glory Seeker at the price of $235 because of the High Demand! We have added some text to help to clarify what is included in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level to help alleviate confusion I.E. The special “The Vault of Perseus” Add-On Menu which we will be adding extremely soon! (All items in “The Vault of Perseus” Add-On Menu are INCLUDED in All “The Glory Seeker” Pledge Levels! All “The Glory Seeker” Pledge Levels include the same items.) NOTE: (Pledge Levels of Adventurer Level and Higher will have access to this Special Add-On Menu.) Thank you so much for Your continuing support and interest in our project! We won’t let you down! You’re the Greatest Backers In the World!!! Dear Backers! We Really Look Forward to an amazing Kickstarter with all of YOU! We can't do it without you! Here's an Updated Picture of our Rhaz Azul T-Shirt! :) More Art Coming Soon! And More Updates! Please share our Kickstarter page with all of your friends and family! We really appreciate each and every one of you! ---Chris Everything Epic Games www.EverythingEpicGames.com @Dubois I have also tried to contact him for a long time and he doesn't answer. :( feel free to email me directly and we can talk about next steps. Thanks Chris @Adam - Emailed you separately, however, just in case others are wondering... The Gripmat guy is nearly done with them... If you see their campaign, he sent an update recently where he describes the upgrade materials etc :) Hopefully you'll have that bad-boy soon! Chris @kris excellent news!!! So glad to hear you have your game!!! We really hope you enjoy! @james awesome news!!! All ks exclusive and extras are packed in the boxes, nothing is loose. Thanks, Chris @Terry Please email me directly <email> Feel free to send me a quick picture of everything you got so I can help! Thanks! Chris @Todd Woo Hoo! Please enjoy! Sounds like those models were ready to go on an Adventure! Chris @adam if it's too much longer, please email me so I can help you. Chris @adam the gripmat guy almost got them all in his possession... Its taken him quite a long time to get them... Id take a quick look at that Kickstarter to find when He's shipping. Thanks, Chris @stephen feel free to email me for any assistance, thanks, Chris @steve boom Excellent news sir! The Zombie pack is included with The Great Apocalypse pack and the outdoor pack (journey to the Tomb pack) is also in there ;) We really hope you enjoy the game! Chris @Stephen I am extremely glad to hear that you got it! Thank goodness! :) All other AU folks, please post when you get it! Chris @stephen please email me directly so I may research and assist you. <email> Thanks @Adam I'm literally on the phone with Shipnaked right now. They said that all of the orders should be on the way to you this week. I'm waiting for that confirmation from BT to know they shipped. However, I do not believe you'll get a tracking number. Also, just to confirm, we won't ever be using them to ship again (Blue Tounge) Please email me AS SOON as you get some SotLT in the mail! Thanks so much! Chris Hey Todd, This is the exact quote of the email I got from them on Monday: "The Packages are going out early this week Thanks" That's it. I'm waiting to hear back again from my email to hear when exactly they are going out. --Chris @adam I'm also extremely frustrated and infuriated by everything that has gone on with AU shipments... I will contact Aetherworks asap for all future shipments. Thanks so much for your help and the information! Chris Indeed, Please let me know as soon as someone gets something! Chris @Adam and Steve I just received word from Blue Tongue that shipments have begun as of yesterday and should all be out by the end of this weekend. Please let me know as soon as you get a tracking number or receive anything! Thank you! Chris After a long wait, we finally got an update from Blue Tongue Games for the Shipment for the AU Backers. I've sent out a direct email to you all. Just to post here, in case some of you don't get it, They said that all of your shipments should go out next week by the end of the week. Starting Monday, ending latest on Friday. I hope you all get your games soon! Chris Thanks Todd, I've been assured by ship naked that they emailed the Blue Tounge guys a couple times and we're all waiting for a response at this point. I really hope to hear back very soon! Chris @Todd I'm still waiting to hear from blue tongue. I emailed and called twice yesterday. I'm impatiently waiting to get a reply today. Sorry for the continued delay... Chris Hey Terry! ;) Hope all is well!!! :) Chris @dubois please email gripmat directly if you can :) They just put up an update fairly recently about new mats arriving :) AU guys, I just got an update from Shipnaked, They said blue tongue is on Christmas break and should return after new years... Ill let you know as soon as I hear from them. Thanks for your continued patience. Chris Adam, I found the same info, I'm continuing to push for info and shipping response. I don't know what the holiday season is like there but I hope they get to work asap. Chris @Adam I'm getting pretty annoyed that I haven't heard from Ship Naked's AU partner "Blue Tongue Games" yet... they're handling the shipping from within the AU. They have the games in their possession right now... now I just need them to ship out! I've been emailing daily... but no response. Ship Naked has also emailed, just waiting for the response... They have everything they need... They just need to ship them out... I'm working on this... I wish I could fly to the AU and make it happen ... As soon as I get a response from AU I'll let you know! Chris They have confirmed reciept of the goods, and inventoried it... Now we're just waiting for an exact delivery date... I've been emailing daily for the answer, in all honesty I'm Really pushing them, but they're really quite slow... I'm hoping to hear deliveries starting Monday! Ill definitely let everyone know for sure. I don't know why it's taking so long... Chris @adam I've emailed three times and did an address change for a backer. I'm waiting for an answer on when they're shipping. Thanks, Chris @Adam Me too! I wish you had it and I wish we could have been there!!! I hope to come down under in the future! Adam and other AU backers, I got an email last night from Ship Naked saying that (and they confirmed this) that finally, the shipment is on its way to the actual distributor to be shipped. I'm not exactly sure of the exact distance between customs and the distribution warehouse, but once it arrives, it should not take long to actually ship. I am going to email them daily to keep pushing till it's shipped and in your hands. I hope you can have it before Christmas, but I won't know until the first package goes out. Thanks so much for your amazing Patience AU backers! Chris @adam not fully no reply... They requested the Factory invoice info from us, which we promptly replied with, now waiting for reply on that for the past couple days... Ill keep you informed as new information comes in. Thanks, Chris @Adam On my daily crusade, I emailed gtg last night and they told me that they're processing the customs payment and that they turned over the responsibility to Shipnaked. My contact at Shipnaked emailed me last night as well and he's now working directly with the customs broker to get our stuff the heck out of there. I pressed for more information now waiting for a reply. Thanks Adam! Chris @Todd I agree with you 150%! We're daily pushing to get this through. I am going to email you all to give you the more detailed information right now as a direct email so you all know what's going on. Thanks for your patience and your comment. You're definitely not being Rude :) This is frustrating on all ends and very upsetting for us because all we want to do is get you your games ! We really are literally on top of them and we will be sending you more details right away via email now. Chris We're keeping on them. I was hoping to have a quicker response for you guys but because of the Thanksgiving Holiday we haven't heard back here. Hopefully Monday we should have more info for you. Thanks for your patience, Chris Hey Adam and Steve, Have you been receiving the direct emails I've been sending to Australian backers? At second glance Dan, your card concerns below I believe are all addressed in the FAQ / Errata Doc on BGG ;) Thanks ! Chris Hey Dan! Please email me directly for any part concens ;) I'll be more than happy to help in any way I can ! Thanks <email> Hi Dan! Here's a link to our FAQ doc here on BGG <url>"Two Large Missing Bits of Evidence" Bhahahahaha!!! Email me directly for any questions about potentially missing cards, because we've discovered a couple component number misprints. I can let you know right away if you have any suspicion just email me directly. <email> Thanks! Chris Paolo, It's going to be a little while longer before Tracking gets to Rome! Sit Tight on that! Zombie content Is exclusive to 1st printing which is a VERY limited Run! We printed 12 boxes of stuff all at once. We couldn't literally afford to separate the stuff into little Mini prints of random extras so we had to Logically box things together. If you Selected The Four Horseman and Men of Bad intentions, you'd be getting The Great Apocalypse and Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion boxes! (Which is awesome) Everything is on the way, but takes longer to get over to the EU, Add +1 Week at minimum to all EU shipments compared to US because Fedex and USPS is faster here. Thanks so much! Chris John GT: SO awesome you got all of your stuff!! :) I am unsure about the Hot water method with the Paint, however, it is very strong paint, so if you dont boil it too long it should be ok, but I'm really not sure about it, so perhaps a couple questions for google? For the ARM devices, I haven't heard any issues with their punching yet, please email me a pic so I can see what happend. Please email me directly with name address and email so I can check all records if you have anything missing... Keep in mind, in this 1st edition, there are a couple component number misprints. Core game has one I believe and atlantis also has one. They say more than they're supposed to, but feel free to email me and I'll let you know! :) Thanks so much for your support! Cant wait to hear about your adventures in the Tomb! Chris Thanks so much Roy for your Support! We couldn't have done it without you and the other backers! This happened because of you! :) Thanks so much! Chris Hey Robert, No new news other than it takes time to get overseas and then time to distribute around EU... Tracking doesn't come until it's in your actual country of origin and it's about to ship etc... Thanks! Chris @Backers Talking About Our Fulfillment Company (Greater Than Games) - We are definitely aware of this issue and we are extremely disappointed, let down, and well... other emotions I am not going to type in here... I agree with all of your assessments and comments and if was closer to their warehouse I would have gone there... but alas, they're in the Mid-west (St. Louis MO) so that's not possible... The project was more Epic then they were prepared to handle, even though they assured me it would be, it was just a bit higher on the Epicness Scale then they're used to... I am very sorry that your packages came in so beat-up etc... and I wish I had more control over it. Please know that I definitely will be keeping ALL of your feedback in mind and of course all of the issues in mind for all of our future projects!!! I will keep my eyes and ears open and I am in very close communication with them. I have already told them about the Tape issue as soon as I heard about it and they told me they have changed their Taping Method to the "Hand Tape Method" because apparently they were using a machine taper before... Not that any of that info helps you guys now... but I have been very closely monitoring everything and letting them know all feedback. Thanks so much for everyone letting me know about their packages and please email me directly if you need anything specific to you only. ( <email>) Thanks everyone for your patience and understanding! Chris Bryan, The Zombie Apocalypse is in the Great Apocalypse Expansion pack! See the last couple updates :) Thanks, Chris Hey David and Matt! We found that THIS Awesome Plano Tackle Box fits an Entire Glory Seeker in it! It's called "Plano Angled Tackle System" <url>#!distributors-and-retailers/c7q7 If you want me to let you know exactly what was in your pledge David, please email me directly and I'm happy to help you! Email me at <email> Thanks! Chris Lol Corey! NO, just Rip it open and Explore the Room Tile.. I mean... the box, maybe it's a Trap, maybe it's not! Good Luck! lol Lol You Guys! It could be a Carnivorous Scarab Swarm unleashed by Rhaz Azul'ahamet's curse of the Tomb caused by the packaged being Jostled around too much in transit! ROFL Hey Folks! Everything is moving along as shown in last night's update! As I said there, there's over 1000 shipments to go out so it will Take a few days for all shipments to go out. Stay tuned for that tracking :) Chris Lol Matt!!! Hey Adam, Steve, and Gaides, We were told by our warehouse that all shipping will begin (USA First) Starting this upcoming Monday the 17th! Thanks, Chris Awesome Kevin! That sounds great! I hope it makes it to you before you're off so you can get the game cracked open and punched and ready to play! Chris (Just a re-thought, You could use CLEAR Sleeves!) :) Also, Carlos, as a major Sidenote- Many of the cards are Double-sided! (All Creature Cards and Story Cards!) That's the majority of the cards! I highly recommend you check out the components when you get them and then decide what you want sleeves for after that! --Chris Hey Carlos! In the entire Glory Seeker Pledge there's Poker Size- 183 and Small size- 324. Let me know if you have any other questions! Thanks, Chris Hey Anthony! Thank you so much for your support and for your wonderful compliments!!! And David, thanks so much for the complements! We really work hard to give back to you backers and the gaming community! "Of the Gamer, by the Gamer, for the Gamer!" (That's our Company Motto!) Thanks so much David! It was a pleasure to meet you! So glad you had a chance to stop by! Omicron, it's about 18-20 Lbs!!! AHHHHH!!!!!!!! And yes... Gripmat is .... well... :( Thanks Kevin! We're really excited!!! Cant wait for you to get it! @ JKP: they are special versions of the special ops characters that come in the core game printed for GenCon. The meteorite sample was for the first 113 people who pre ordered here at GenCon! :) Let me know if you have any questions! Thanks for the comments!!!! @ JKP: No. We're only taking pre orders for future shipping. @ Stefan: thanks !! @ Stefan: lol ! We'd love to get to Essen in the future !!! @ Corey: thanks a lot!!! @ Steve Townsend: indeed !!! Excitement !!!! @ Anthony Gambatese: thanks for stopping by. However, I'm not sure if you came into the booth, because we have been quite busy. If you had you would have easily noticed that we only actually have the production air-shipped copies of the game and were only taking preorders in order to ship games to GenCon customers. Hey Steve! Everything is going to get prepped and shipped in August! Once everything arrives to our warehouse, which should happen over the course of the next week or so, then we will be able to formulate much more exact estimates for you! Thanks, Chris Absolutely!!! It's on a train to our warehouse now !!! ;) Hah! We cant wait either! :) Thanks for your Support Anthony!!! Can't wait for you to get your games! Hey Richard , All items are shipped at the same time !!!!! All items were manufactured at the same time and they're all in the shipping containers at the same time. That's one of the reasons for all the delays :) Thanks so much for your support !!! Chris Hey JKP, The Shipment is being prepared to get to the boat. Should be in the water very soon. As soon as I have the boat info, I'll definitely be posting a "ON THE BOAT!!!" Update! :) Another day or two should get the boat to shove off! Thanks a lot, Chris Hey David, For Gencon, we can not do Backer Pick-Up because the week before gencon, the prep for the packages are already going to be underway and we don't have the ability to pick and choose which goes where. Additionally, if we have product at gencon, it will only be a very limited amount. Hey Guys! The games are scheduled to be on the boat on the 20th (Guaranteed by our factory) We have scheduled that pick up and if all goes as planned, you'll be getting an update from me with that Glorious boat information update! Then the games will enter the USA, go to our Warehouse and fulfillment partner in the Mid-west, and begin fulfilling right after Gencon is over. We wanted to ship before GenCon, however, because of shipping overseas, we need to be realistic and our fulfillment partner will be at GenCon, so their entire Team won't be in the warehouse to help with the fulfillment. So, alas, the week after GenCon, shipping should begin! Thanks for your Comments! Chris Hey Steve! Production is nearly complete. Everything is being finalized and assembled (Meaning, boxes are being packed etc! We're nearly there! Another week and we should be on a boat! :) Full update coming soon! Thanks for your support! Chris Hey David, Sorry I didn't get a number of sleeves out to you yet... Ill try to get you a full count asap... Been very busy prepping keeping on the production. Chris Hey David, What do you mean by Card Sizes? We have the Poker Sized Card and the Mini-Sized Card... Do you want exact dimensions? And specific reason you're asking? Looking for sleeves or something? Thanks! Chris Hey Michelle! Yes absolutely ... Backerkit is still open for anyone to change their information in. I will also be emailing through backerkit to remind everyone to update their info about 6 weeks before shipping. Thanks! Chris Thanks for the Comments Guys!!! We've worked as hard as possible as a team of 2, with many many many late nights and cups of coffee... we even went to China to make sure this thing was going to be as great as possible! We thank you for your patience and at this point, know that we've done all we can... and now it's in the hands of the factory to complete the printing and then in the hands of the shipping company to get it here! There's nothing else we can do at this point but wait and get pumped up! We have some very cool news coming up to share about future things, but for now, know that we're focused on getting this thing fulfilled and in your hands as quickly as possible! Thanks so much! Chris Hey, Adam! Thanks for commenting! Currently, I haven't put out a new update because nothing really exciting is happening other than manufacturing is putting together all of the Dies for punchboards and preparing everything for print. All of their materials are coming in next week. All miniatures are going to be completed next week. And printing should be in Full Swing by next week. Our hard deadline is to have all product shipping from China by June 10th so it arrives here by July 10th so it ships to Backers and gets to Gencon in time for the show! :) That's Currently the full update that is ready so far! But other than that, everything is going well! The proofing process was quick and easy because there really weren't any errors in the proofs! (Thankfully! :) I'll be putting all of that into a Proper Update very soon... Hoping for a little more info to go with it first though :) --Thanks again! Chris Absolutely! Be assured, I'll do whatever it takes to make sure that gripmats don't hold up your games. Thanks Chris JkP Yes indeed you have teased us quite a bit... We did hear you and we Knew we had to speed things up as much as possible! Certainly, our highest priority was to make sure everything was playable and that the rules would do their job, teach you the game! Yes, we have found a couple small errors in this first printing and I'm sure a few more small things will pop up... However, as you've said in the past, we have to get this game printed... So we couldn't keep going back to fix small things... In future printings we hope to fix any minor errors that pop up... But for now, we had to push things along and get this project complete and printing so you can all get your games!!! :) Thanks Chris Scott and Adam! Yes... I have most of the update Loaded and Written in the KS System right now... Just getting the Rulebook Sized-Down for PDF Printable Easy Online WEB Access so I can share that... I'll be showing you guys Pics of Painted minis, sharing the Rulebook, and a quick update on Timeline. Thanks very much for your patience! Chris Hey Jake! Yes! I'll be sending out the Rulebook shortly... just have to Prep the file for regular at home printing and wait for file approval on BGG. But I'll definitely be sharing that file ASAP! Thanks very much! Chris Thanks Steve! We really appreciate your help with the process! :) Thanks Stefan! We're really excited too! :) Thanks Corey! Nearly there!!! :) Ok.. Uploading painted miniatures pics to drive. Should be ready for update tomorrow morning! :) Hey Jake! No major problem.... we just want to make sure all of the Symbols for attributes and other triggers/ adventure/misadventures etc... look great! :) Thanks! More soon! Chris Hey Everyone! Just a quick Comment Update: I'll be putting out a full update later today with more info and pics of the painted mini proofs! But really quickly: Got the Brightness Proofs, they're a bit darker than we'd like, we're making some tweaks and sending out all of the files for final proofs this weekend! Once all proofs are approved, all items will begin full production!!! More to come in full update later! Nearly there!!! Thanks! Chris Thanks Adam! Indeed we're nearly there! The home stretch is here!!! @J Young LOL! :P @JKP Once you take all the stuff out, you probably can squeeze everything into the Main SotLT Box, (Which will be rather large!) perhaps you may want to store your Miniatures separately though :) @Alessandro Absolutely! We're making 12 boxes each one a Masterpiece! :) I really look forward to you getting the product soon! Chris Hey Steve!!! Yes sir!!! We've compiled and applied all of the Proofreader's comments and suggestions.... doing a last few layouts and color brightness color proofs and waiting for them to be in the mail!!! (Hoping to see them Monday!) (Little Tweeks) We want to make sure everything is the right contrast before printing! (Not too dark.. not too bright!) Thanks for the Comment! Chris Hey JkP and Alessandro, I just sent in a brightness color proof. Waiting for them to send me an update on that so we know our colors are good before we do our full proof! Then mass production is next!!! Very excited!!! Thanks Chris Hey Tony! Yes indeed! The game will be going to print shortly... As soon as it does, I'll have a great idea as to the timeline and can then send out a full update on that.. But before that, we need to do a full proof print which I would like complete after the factory opens again next week!!! Thanks so much! Chris Hey Rebecca! Absolutely! If you want to ask me anything specific please send me a private message or email at <email> Jkp, As I said in my last update, Keep in mind that Chinese new year is still going on... Everything will print as soon as possible... Miniatures are all going ... If all goes smoothly, everything will be printed and on a boat soon!!! David, I don't have exact specifications on me right now... But two types of cards, poker size and small corey card size... Ill get better specs for you asap! Alessandro, Yes... We will make them available before shipping! Thanks Rad! We're getting there... To all: Happy Chinese New Year by the way! :) Hey Alessandro... Still in the process of finalizing some files... We're nearly ready to get all print proofs from the printer soon! (there's so many files!!!) Great news is (which I'll put in the next update) Punchboards layouts are complete.... They look so cool!!! All the rooms and Tokens!!! Lol there so many of them!!! Jake! Thank you so much for your very positive outlook and very powerful suggestions. I do really appreciate the way you said what you said and I'll be definitely be taking your advice. Thanks so much for your support! -Chris Hey Stefan! What I'm waiting on, to show you all in an update, are all of the Brand New Expansion Box Covers (which are really cool) and they were just finished. My artist will be sending me pics of those that I want to share with you all to give you a bit more of an insiders look at our progress. I'll go over where we currently are in the process and what the next steps are! My goal is to have something to show you folks when I put up an update.... Lots of things are happening here in the background, such as Final Editing, Compiling of the Suggestions from Proofreaders (which takes a lot of time) and final layouts of the Boxes (Miniature Boxes remaining) and final punchboard layouts. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and all of that is going to be discussed in detail in the next update, but I've been pushing it back in order to share some awesome progress shots with you all. Thanks for your comment and support! More info coming soon! (Hopefully I get those Pics tonight) But no matter what, I'm always here... ready to take your comments and emails/messages on Kickstarter Anytime at all! Thanks again! Chris Adrian, We completely agree... And I for one, have most certainly gotten a game that was impossible to play out of the box... (I've kickstarted over 100 projects) and nothing to me is more frustrating... So... I wouldn't do that to you! :) Thanks for your comment and support! Chris Thanks Steve! Your help and feedback is much appreciated and is going to good use! We are implementing all of those outstanding comments and suggestions towards the rules and components as I type this! We want this game to be great right out of the gate! What we Don't want is for you, the gamer, to need to do tons of google searches to find FAQ and Errata text to figure out how to play the game! :) We want to make sure it's the best it can be right away! It's what The Best Backers in the World deserve! :) Thanks so much again for your help Steve! -Chris Hey Dave! We've just finished the Proofing of the Cards, Rulebook, and the Room Tiles! I'm going over all of those notes and applying all of the edits where able. Were you on the Proofing Mailing List Dave? @Adam Thanks so much for the great supportive comment! We're going to be sending out a bunch of new info this weekend with the box cover artwork! So! Be excited! :) It's pretty darn thematic! @Alessandro Yes! We're almost done with the amazing Box Cover Artwork which I'd love to share with you all! This should happen this weekend! I'll put out an update then! (We're nearly there! :) Hey Richard and Dave, We're still completing the finalized boxes with all legal text and doing final layouts of the rulebook / scenario books for final proofing... So we're not printing yet... However, plastic production us already started and paid for... So as I've said in updates... we're in production already in that regard! Thanks so much for your support and patience! Chris @Omicron Thanks very much! About DoubleSix As a matter of fact, Matt reached out to me and I gave him a couple manufacturing recommendations that would serve him well. Your comments about him and his work I agree with 100%! Perfection is what he wants, however, China doesn't really do "Perfection" sadly. In order to make games for people, board games/tabletop games, we must be economical in this delicate low-profit margin world in order to keep a company alive. That's why we must use china... They can do amazing things... but never ever 100% Perfect. I recommended to him if he wants perfect, to contact Poland as well as Germany and advised him of some contacts there... I also gave him info on who to contact at My Manufacturer and others that I believe are reliable. My dice samples came out very nicely.. (no unevenness etc) However, it's expected out of 1000's of dice out of a mold, that some may have errors and minor issues.... nothing is perfect. I promise to keep my quality as high as possible, But I also promise to get this game to you as quickly as I can... As Mikey says from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles "Forgiveness is divine...but never pay full price for late pizza!" :) Thanks for the compliments and for your great support! We're working hard here and we can't wait to get this Epic Saga into your hands and hear what you think! -Chris @Omicron Let me put it this way... If for some reason, Gripmat can not deliver in time for my shipment of games, I most Certainly will not be delaying Shipment of Secrets of the Lost Tomb to wait for Gripmats to arrive :) I want you to have your games ASAP! :) So... Hopefully we'll get the Gripmats on time... but You'll get your games at a far higher priority than he's treating the mats. Thanks very much for keeping your eyes on the Updates for me.... I also am a backer of that Kickstarter... so I'm also watching them too! :) Thanks very much again for your support! Chris @Carlos Thanks for the backup on the comment! :) Omicron, No issues with Dice because we are producing our own dice, not having Matt produce our dice for us. We worked with him and did a cross-promo, but our dice are not "DoubleSix" dice... they're being made and produced by our own Manufacturer. Regarding Gripmat, I have been in touch with him, and he's printing our mats, but production is down for the holidays, so hopefully we'll have those knocked out soon. I know he'll be printing ours with priority. Thanks for the questions! Chris Scott, I responded to your 1 message that you sent me just 2 days ago. Please feel free to respond there, to keep your personal info private. Thanks, Chris Hey Jeffery! I have word from my Rules Layout artist that I should have a ready copy of the Rulebook for Proofing by tonight... That means, proofing can start New Years day! (As long as I get it tonight!) Then I'll be sending out emails tomorrow to all Chosen proofreaders to begin proofing with links to all assets and rulebook!!! Very excited to get started so we can get printed!!! Chris More pics will be coming soon... We will be having folks proofread and then the printing will begin! :) We're going to be sending out a Sign-Up form in a day or so to see who would like to be a part of the Proofreading team :) @Jeffery It's still being completed in final Layout graphics... It is near completion. Next steps for the Rules as well as the other Components that we're able to easily share, we'd like to ask for backer volunteers to take a close look at for final "eyes on" just before printing. This will happen very quickly. My next upcoming update will discuss this and I will be calling for a special list of volunteers for these purposes. It's going to be quite exciting... we take our rulebook very seriously so we really want to make sure it's excellent! Is this something you think you'd be interested in? Thanks, Chris @Jake See below to Stefan about updates.... We really want to give you guys lots of info in our updates, rather than give you 10 updates with small amounts of repetitive boring stuff... but to reassure you, we're nearly there! Just finishing the final edits and layouts of all graphics for the final printing process. With literally over 1000 components, this takes much more time then anyone could have estimated.... But we're almost there! :) Thanks so much for your patience! We hope to have those files approved, just as you said, before Christmas! Thanks so much again for your support! Chris @Joe Sent you a message! Thanks! Chris Hey Stefan! Everything is on track to get the files to the printer this month! We're planning on updating everyone with a Finished rulebook that everyone can take a look at prior to printing, hopefully this week! I've been trying to wait for the rulebook to come out so I can share that with everyone for the update... if it's not done in another day or so (waiting on our layout artist to complete it) then I'll just update with regular news, letting everyone know where we're at in the process! Thanks very much for your comment! We really appreciate your support and patience! Chris Hey Scott! Thanks for the comment! We're certainly not doing anything shady or weird here... This is just a giant project! We're also not here to admonish anyone or scold anyone for anything ever! We're here to make great games and make people smile... We want you to be happy with Secrets of the Lost Tomb! That's our goal and we're doing all we can in our power to make that happen! Thanks so much for your patience and support! Chris @alessandro I explained in the last update that were in schedule to print in December. Printing and shipping will take a couple months... I recommend checking out the last couple updates for more specific info. We will be sending out another update very soon! Things are going great! Thanks very much for your support and patience! Chris Yes indeed... Behind yes... But thankfully we're making great progress! Glory Seeker will probably weigh about 20 lbs lol @Alessandro I hear ya! Kickstarter went up last Black Friday, and we really wanted this to be out months ago, but as I said in the updates, we had some major underestimation and now we're making good by it to make sure it's the best it can be! Now that it's the best it can be, we need to get it ready to print! :) Thanks so much for your support and patience! Hey Guys! Fear Not! I Literally just opened a box of mini samples (Plastic Minis) First Samples... so... I'll be sending out an update Very Shortly! I'll be updating our timeline and letting you know where we're at! We're making amazing Progress! Really looking forward to sharing the news and showing the minis to you all! Thanks so much for your support!!! @Steve Thanks very much for your faith and support! We're making progress! :) Can't wait for you to have this game!!! @Rick Great idea! I'll send an email over to my Manufacturer ASAP! I probably will be able to get something this week! Pics of the Molds would be great! @Neil Thanks for the comment! As you can see... I am not just a project creator... I'm also a Backer... And as a Backer (of 84 Projects) I agree with your statement. I've received a few of the projects that I've backed so far... but quite a few have been delayed far beyond their original date and others I've heard nothing from them at all. And as I see this, we learn... we look and watch and pay close attention to what goes on. We want to make sure that we don't fall into any pitfalls or traps that hurt the project. We're taking the precautions and time necessary to do the Right thing... rather than the Cheap or Slapped together with Duct Tape thing. We have indeed learned a lot along the way since the end of this kickstarter last year! There will be an update very soon! :) We've got some nice new pictures with all of the new Minis and we have some news about pacing and the project timeline etc... and as I've said, the Production of the Minis has already begun. Making a game is very hard work and very time consuming if it's going to be done right. We're staying positive and pushing forward every day! :) Thanks so much for your support! @Joe Yes sir! I certainly have indeed read the new updated Kickstarter Terms of Service! Thanks so much for posting them here! It's nice to see! We are definitely abiding by those terms and will continue to do so! There is an important update coming soon as we have just today received in the mail the Sculpted proofs of the Miniatures as well as the physical Dice! Very exciting! Also there will be some more news about the First mold that has just been completed and we should have REAL Molded samples very soon! We're also making huge headway in the Layouts and Asset preparation for Printing Area! And all that will be organized and discussed in the next upcoming update (probably later today after I can take some nice pics of the dice and minis etc... ) We will also discuss other important topics about the road-map in which we are following and how we're getting there to paint a clear picture of what's going on! :) So! Have no fear, an Update with progress and news is coming soon! Thanks for your continued support Joe! @Scott Translation of a re-translation if there are any more delays... Which right now are not foreseen, then we will certainly let you know about them as soon as we know ;) @Kevin Absolutely, I totally agree! For our first project ever, with tons of content, it was certainly very difficult to assess what our release date could be. If core game was all we were releasing, with no Minis, and no special Expansion Packs etc... we would definitely already have had the game to you all! However, as you all know, this project went way far and beyond the original estimate and caused us to create, from scratch, tons of new content, and it also inspired us to upgrade almost 90% of the artwork in the game. ... It all takes time of course, and we don't want to just slap it together and ship you something that will sit on your shelf and never get played. We want to send you something that is well worth your patience, funding, and great support! :) So, we thank you again for your great suggestions and we look forward to updating you very soon on the progress! :) @Michael Thanks very much for the Support and the Suggestions! We certainly would update you all as soon as possible and if we do anticipate any delays to date we will certainly be up front about them. However, I don't find it prudent to throw out dates or times that are random or unrealistic. Right now, as we've said in the updates, the Molds for Miniatures are being created. The first mold tests are about to begin in about 5 days. So we will be showing some Miniatures asap! As we get closer to Printing the game, we will then know a bit more about our timeline and then we can give a ship time update! We want this game out as soon as possible. :) Thanks again for smart suggestions! @Joe We understand your frustration and we really are working hard to get the game out by November as we discussed in our last update. We hope you enjoy the game and we really appreciate your support in the Early Bird Adventurer Level. If you have any other questions or concerns, I'm always here to help! Thanks so much for your continued patience with the publishing process, it may seem daunting, and that's because it's a huge epic project, with many moving parts, so we really do appreciate your feedback and motivating comments. @Joe Hey! Thanks for your comment and for your honesty! We certainly appreciate all feedback and suggestions! We're a two man team working every single day to get this game completed as soon as possible. We did the best we could to anticipate the completion date for the original kickstarter, however, because of the amazing success of it, we had so many extra stretch goals that we had to complete it basically took the original Core Set Adventurer Pledge (Your Pledge the Core Game, an already huge and Epic Sized Board Game) and added on many many more adventure packs and expansion packs into the mix. What does that mean? That means we needed to create, get art for, playtest, and perfect those components. We most certainly would love to have had the game released back in May and we wish we could have it released tomorrow, and certainly other kickstarters have fulfilled before we have, however, most kickstarters are not nearly the Size and Breadth of this project is. This is not an excuse, but rather the justification for more time needed to complete. All items are created and promised together, So, yes could we slap everything together and not have upgraded and added in the artwork needed, and could we have not gotten the rulebook edited, and not playtested the scenarios, and basically thrown it into the printing process and shipped it out and basically sent you all an unfinished product? Sure! However, we will not send out an imperfect product and we will not send you a less-than-epic game! We're two guys and a dream.... we're not Games Workshop or Fantasy Flight Games, or Wizards of the Coast... we're Everything Epic! And we work on this project daily and use all of our free time on this project. We send updates as soon as we have new and engaging information to share. Hopefully you'll be able to be patient and you'll be able to wait just a bit longer for the best possible game you can get. I know you only got the core game and I know you only have backed 3 things, and you may have already received the other two games already.... but when I took a look at those projects, they're certainly not comparable to this project. So, to sum up, I really once again appreciate your honest feedback and I look forward to shipping a great game out to you as soon as possible! @James Yes indeed! There is already an option Built in to that Kickstarter! Please go to the $10 Level and pledge exactly what you already said :) $100 ... Check it out in the $10 level! And remember, you get all minis from Stretch Goals HERE in THIS KS and the NEW KS too! :) @Martin Tomb Raider only comes with the Core Character Miniatures Pack. The Base game comes with the Core Minis Pack which is 15 Adventurer Character Minis! The new campaign completes the Glory Seeker Pledge from this campaign and adds the additional unfunded minis onto the campaign and also adds the Pre-Painted option on! :) Thanks for your question! @dave lol... Did someone fat finger the date? Hahaha! I like that... No sir! No fat finger... Only an estimate that did not account for astounding success in Stretch goals and massive extra content! We've upgraded the entire game and overhauled the whole thing with tons of new artwork and upgraded content... (which takes time but is well worth it) Molds are working now, we're competing the art templates and components and preparing to print everything! The layouts for rulebook almost complete and I'll be sharing that soon! ;) November is still our goal! Thanks for the comment and support! -Chris @Astral I'll try to get some pics of our company's painted model resume and also hopefully have real painted models ASAP! @Jerry We're pushing for before your Bday! :) But it will certainly be an awesome BDay Gift to yourself though!! :) @Bill and Thorbolt Hey! In updates we explain that all of the Stretch Goals and Upgrades to artwork that were needed caused extended creation time, Also time for Editing of the Rulebook and Scenario Books also takes time. We're in the middle of miniature molding while all other cards and items are being prepped for print! The new estimated delivery is November. Thanks so much for your questions and comments! @Edmund that's a Great Suggestion and we will look into the Easiest way to provide that for everyone.... We're working on that as we speak to make as much happen, within our deadline, as possible! Thanks so much for the suggestions! @Jerry That's all done! We totally hear ya and really appreciate any support you're giving! It's all optional and much appreciated! Thanks so much! You'll be getting a big progress update soon! @Patrick Yes indeed! You'll be hearing a bunch of new info very shortly! @Astral We address all that in an Update, however, I will certainly go back and do another Update and do it up really nice! :) We definitely have some awesome new progress to share!!! @Paolo Yes Indeed! Zombie Versions will be in the Game! And they will be VERY COOL! (Sorry for Late response!) <url>"Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, and For the Gamer" and What I've observed and what's been communicated directly to me, by many fans, is that they wanted to see the completed miniatures set done in order to have the dream fully realized. It's certainly not about pan-handling... it's not adding on any more delays... it's all about achieving a completed product. We're trying our best to complete everything in a timely manner, and as we've candidly told everyone in our updates, we had tons of stretch goals to complete... we got over 200 percent funded, therefore, with all of those stretch goals, tons of scenarios, characters, room tiles, lots and lots of content... we had to complete it, playtest it, and make sure it was the best possible product so that when we do have everything made and manufactured, those shiny games that arrive at your doorstep, put an Epic smile on your face. I am sorry that you're disappointed. I hope you can be just a bit more patient .... in just a short couple months you should have Secrets of the Lost Tomb to you! Thanks so much for your support! We at Everything Epic Games are working hard, every single day, to make this the best game it can be. -Chris Batarlis Hey Terry, The intentions are to have best paint we can for the budget we have! However, currently, we're unsure of our max budget (I.E. Kickstarter Funding) that's why it's tough to know exactly the best we can afford just yet... Our intentions are to do Good amount of Colors and a wash as well.... However, as I said... no way to know our full best budget yet... the better the Kickstarter goes, the more painting budget we will have :) Thanks for the question! Update Incoming! @rad yes indeed!! Being an original Glory Seeker, all we ask is that you Spread the Word! Thank you so much for your support!!! Hey Everyone.... Just wanted to share a Podcast where "Not Just Another Gaming Podcast" discussed Secrets of the Lost Tomb and the Upcoming Kickstarter! :) Check it out! Episode 51 (about 25 mins in) <url>"You've Found The Piece of the Artifact You Were Looking For" Chris Is Happy! (And So Forth! ...) This will help progress the story and keep replay value UP because it game play order will change depending on what you find and where in the Tomb... If a Specific TILE must be found in the Tomb... there will be a Unique Game Trigger that will Spawn the Tile.... I.E. "Search the Tile Stack for "The Room Tile In Question" and Place it on the "Level Needed" according to the Theme of the Scenario... We did not make this Tedious... we strive to make this AS FUN and Fast Paced as Possible!!! I hope that Helps!!! Thanks for your Comment and for your Support and Help!! Chris Awesome New Update Coming Soon! Also dont forget to check out Raiders of the Lost Tomb the Micro Game on Kickstarter Now! : ) <url>"One If by Land, Two if by Sea" ... You'll see... heh heh... I dont wanna ruin too much with spoilers though.... :) Hey Matt! Thanks for the Suggestion on the Game Salute Meter tracking system... it's cute! It's tough to tell what the accuracy is truly, but it's a neat visual! There are only Two Character Miniatures that from the beginning of the campaign we discussed that the Miniatures were all going to be included in the Wave 1 Miniature Set. However, keep in mind, as we've discussed previously, we're working on doing the "Secrets of the Lost Tomb" Miniatures game Kickstarter as well, which will be a huge proponent to change.... and the Major change would be how the Miniatures are oriented! If we are able to make all of the Minis as we originally wanted to, then it makes TOTAL Sense to package the Minis with each expansion pack that they belong with.... I.E. 2 Characters and the 2 Boss Monsters in Each Expansion! (OR, do Character Mini Sets and Monster Mini Sets Separately) But currently for us, it's not a smart packaging and logistics direction to have so many separate packages, or to put Minis in One expansion and not the others.... it's better for us to include them with the Wave 1 Pack for now, until we see if we can raise the funds to create the other Moulds for the rest of the Miniatures... like all 8 of the other characters as well as the other Boss monsters... 4 horsemen of the apocalypse etc! So, long story short, the decision is not Final, however, with our current project, before we are able to promise the rest of the miniatures are to be made, we are "Planning it out" this way... if our Kickstarter to complete the Miniature Set and Release the miniature game rules is successful, then we will be able to change the logistics of packaging, (which will make everything easier) and make things a bit more logical in the end! I hope you understand that these decisions come from the standpoint of Small Business Logistics and that we are not yet Wizards of the Coast or Fantasy Flight Games... so we need to do things a certain way to stay in business :) @BackerKit... I'll tell ya Backers... We honestly are Almost Done... we just have SO MANY ADD-ONS that we needed to Add that it really is time consuming to go through ad create SKU's etc for each item.... But we're in Final Edit and Review, so the BackerKit should be up soon... we're just checking to make sure everything is there and available to All Backers!!! Thanks so much for your patience! Chris Hey Matt! No Problem!!! The Men of Bad Intentions Pack comes with the Two Adventures, the Two Room Tiles, applicable Cards, and Characters... All Boss Monster Minis, and "Stretch Goal Character/Boss Minis" are all Included in One Pack ... the Boss Monster Wave 1 Pack. You'll see it in the Backerkit as an Add-On :) There are some Really Awesome Minis that come in the pack! :) Thanks so much!!! Let me know if you have any other questions! Chris Yeah a certainly interesting idea for sure! I'd love to give you folks any sort of info that would make you all feel engaged and happy with progress! :) We certainly making lots of progress and working very hard! :) (I.E. not on vacation or at beach... LOL.. it's like -10 degrees here in NJ ) Absolutely Jake... Glad to hear from you! I'm here if ya need me! Hey Jake: Art To be Completed we've got about 30% more art to complete approx. including Rulebook Layouts... Scenario Script layouts, Tiles, Character Art/and 3D art ETC.. Interlocking Tile System: We're working on a couple different Prototypes for those... We're trying our best to make sure we dont take away from the inner tile artwork... this is a high priority to us for sure! We'll try to share when we have a couple of completed versions! And Right now we're looking at Germany and China.... USA is pretty much impossible... unless you're doing a Strict Card game or if your Quantity is SUPER High... but still... it's practically impossible to do Miniatures and Plastic Pieces etc... in US... because of Labor Costs mostly... :( It's sad... because I'd love to print here... but Alas... we can't do it just yet... The Update is Posted DB :) You dont have to Imagine the Worst anymore! --Chris Hey DB! I wish I was on a beach dude! :( We are in SUPER Snow Land here in NJ!!!! And yes indeed... Working our Butts off on this project! I was literally just "Rounding up Some NEW ARTWORK to show off to you guys when I got your Comment!!!" We're not Worried at all! I was on the Phone with BackerKit today working out some Final Details ... because there are Lots of Folks who want to Upgrade their pledge levels so I want to make sure that will be Possible for them! I'll post another Cool Update in a Few Mins and Share some new Awesome Artwork with ya'll!! :) I mean, you are the Best Backers in the World.... RIGHT? :) Lol Astral.... Remember it's a 3 inch tile... Things are different when you shrink it down... Try zooming out on your computer screen lol... Here's the Update on the Pharoah's Way Tile guys! <url>"Storyline" which we're currently in production with (Secrets of the Lost Tomb Stories etc..." You'll find out (and some of this will be in the RuleBook etc... for Flavor Etc...) But the TOMB is a part of a Rift in the Space/Time Continuum and what the Eternal Order of Perseus is trying to do is Repair that Rift... Every 113 years there's another rift and another major Power that must be dealt with to repair one of the 113 Rifts in Space Time... Therefore once all of the Rifts have been repaired, the Tomb will no longer Move from Reality to Reality, from Time to Time... Dimension to Dimension.... What I'm trying to say by giving you a little bit about how the Tomb works in our World is that you could potentially (and we can put an ORDER SYSTEM on it) play each adventure in a Campaign Mode so you could literally play one after the other where the Tomb "Re-Sets" and the Adventurers have to go back in and solve a New Mystery and Deal with a New Catastrophe. (we can make an optional rule for this... where you can basically keep all of your items and stats etc... so you can progress through the game in a balanced way... This could be something we could potentially add in as a Short Optional Rule (of course House Rules can always apply... but we have some ideas on this and may add them to the rules) Thanks for your very cool and interesting comment! Chris Hey Matt! Yes indeed that's a good point out... However... the Good News is.. there's no "Green" Search token.. only Yellow, Red, and "Broken Magnifying Glass" for Empty... Yellow is brighter than the red... so should be distinguishable between red and yellow...(Green Rooms turn Yellow, then Red, the Empty... Yellow turns Red, then Empty... an Red just turns Empty.... So It shouldn't be too much of a problem! :) Thanks for pointing it out though... and please feel free to let us know of ANYTHING at all that may come to mind about anything! We're all ears! :) @James I definitely understand what you're saying... But there are certainly a lot of backers who would prefer the Minis and there's no way to do an "Either / Or" However, we have some plans for some ways for you to potentially get those other adventures AND also get some more Minis (If you're a mini lover) So, we're currently working on those plans and we will have them revealed very soon! Thanks for the comment! Yep! Same answer applies! Once the survey is sent out, you'll be in good shape! :) Hey Matt! Yes! You will have another great opportunity to add-on whatever you want to later in the "BackerKit" survey! (It will be some time before we send it out though! ) Thanks! @Thorbolt! Thanks so much! Cant wait for you to get it either! :) @Rad MUAHAHAHAAAA.... The Tomb is Calling you.... Drawing you in to It's Clutches! Gwa Hahaha! I guess we'll see you in about... One Hundred and Thirteen Years! hahahaHAAAHAHAH Thanks so much everyone! You guys are Awesomely great! Your comments make me smile! Now we gotta get you the game so you can all smile too!!! ;) Ok Guys! Amazing Job! (I'm hopping into my Sarcophagus now... i've got a bad cold) But I'll be on comments and email tomorrow again.... ask me anything! (email/message if long... comment if quick!) Don't forget to Like us on Facebook! <url>"Cup") Is just an example of one of them.... these artworks are still being prepared! Every Artifact will be Unique! :) Thanks for the Question! Paul and other Backers... Ill tell you right now... I will make sure backers get their games First before general retail and distribution... I don't think that it's right for you the backers to not get the games first... I've had some kickstarter games I've backed that hit retail before I got it... I was not happy. So i dont want that to happen to our backers... ;) you deserve to feel special! @paolo yes indeed!!! Endless replayability!!! ;) @daniel yes it is a great day!!! We can do this!!! We might get close to the 125k!!! It could happen! :) @cody and Sean yes... Vault of Perseus (included in Glory seeker) or as an add on Hey Mrs. Howard If you're in the US you don't have to worry about the extra shipping we will ship in the same box. If you're international and you want to ship extra dice... No problem... You add the Shipping once ... But we're not going to rip you backers off for shipping :) so I hope that helps your question! (the extra shipping that is on the dice was mostly to emulate what Doublesix had on their kickstarter in case people only wanted to add dice alone... But extra shipping should not be an issue on the dice anymore. ;) Lol sorry... We just want to make sure it's worked out properly for the best for you backers!!! ;) Wave 2 will have monsters and Characters ;) (for the time being) Thanka Stevhen! If we end up making a wave 2 (If we get 6 or more Stretch Goal minis) wave 2 will be the same as wave 1 this will be on the backerkit survey where you can do that add on later. We will keep you very informed have no fear!! We will take care of you! The adventure pack comes with the cards etc.. The minis are separate The point would be to use another cool symbol that is not the **** symbol that has the same thematic feel but more of a special force... Special division kind of thing... @german general talk here's our idea for revision... And it would be "inspired by" not a copy of... Lol<url>"Men of Bad Intentions" Character Minis!!! Great Job! @Adam... Oh Boy! It's going to certainly be a fun time making the best box! It's certainly a gamer pet peeve of mine to have a good box design! So our goal will be to make a box that is not a waste of cardboard etc... but a worthwhile put together box with useful compartments etc! (If we dont have useful compartments... at least large enough ziplock bags to keep everything in nicely so it doesn't go everywhere! ;) @Martin The Wave 1 Boss Minis are just that.... However the wave 1 contents may change..(depending on how many stretch goals we can hit in these final 8 hours! :) There may end up being a Wave 2! :) And I hope there is... because that would also mean we hit the Excalibur Stretch Goal too! ;) @Rad Thanks so much for helping out with Comments! :) Much appreciated! @Sandeep... Artist is working on it now! When it's ready.. I'll send out the update! :) @Paolo It depends on how much you add on.... If you add more than 1 adventure pack or multiple Core Games.. you have to pay extra shipping. Sorry for the delayed answer! :) You Guys are the Best!!! I knew you could do it! :) @Jake Thanks so much for joining in on our Glory Seeking Adventure! :) We appreciate your support! We feel Lucky to have your Backing! :) @Tom LOL! (now the work begins? haha) The Amazing Journey Continues! We are on this quest and we are not giving up or giving in! :) @TheMetalDiceGuy Thanks so much for your undying support! :) Everything Epic Indeed!!!! @Rad ROFL yeah.. They start placing on your character and then practically on your drink.... then lol.... it can be funny ... but interlocking will help some of the potential goofy headache :) @Robert Thanks so much for the kind words! We're trying the best we can! Thanks for noticing and for sticking with us :) Your faith is much appreciated! @Robert! Dont worry about it! I'm here for your questions and concerns always! We are making this game so that you enjoy it! So we want to hear all questions so we can make sure we get all the feedback we need to make this awesome! :) We want you guys involved! Thanks for your support! Ok Backers! We're only a little under 800 away from the Wave 1 Minis! Let's Get There! :) @Rad Indeed! It's great when you want to re-adjust ... you just slide half the tomb around with one hand! I love it! ;) @Neil Day We have hit the Interlocking Goal!!! So we have the upgraded Materials! Heavier Punch Cardboard, Linenized Finish and Highest Quality Printing! This should help with wear and tear!!! We will make sure the components are highest quality that we can make! We wont let you down! :) @Stevhen They are currently Unpainted Minis :) So you can paint them to your heart's delight! :) @Robert and Espen: RE Interlocking... We are going to do our best to make the interlocking tiles work very well, not be too tight, or too loose... we are, as I said before, trying to make interlocking parts that don't look ugly or jut out too much.... :) But they must be uniform on all sides! :) @Martin Thanks! We wont let you down! :) @Greatlich Right On! :) We can do this! Amazing things can happen here! They've been happening the entire campaign because of you Backers! @Kevin Dusi Thank you so much! :) I cant wait for you to get the game! :) @Espen Those are Very good Suggestions! I am still working out the best possible ways to ship and Fulfill multiple game orders with the best possible pricing for retailers! I am in contact with some and I will certainly take it into consideration when deciding what to do in regard to stretch goals! :) (thanks for mentioning it!) The interlocking Tiles Picture is only a Sample image so you'll know what it's supposed to be like... We're actually play-testing and working on more than one design to have the most optimal and most thematic Interlock so they look as Pretty as they can! :) Esthetics and Continuity mean a great deal to us at EEG and we really want to make sure that whatever we do is the best it can be ! Thanks so much for the kind words and thank you very much for joining our Adventure! :) Very happy to have you! Chris @Omicron !! Thank you so much for your Kind Words! :) This is our First Kickstarter and our First Board Game! So we are very proud and very grateful for so many amazing people who have backed us and put their faith and trust in us to deliver an amazing product! Thanks so much for joining our adventure! So glad you are on board! --Chris @Dj Grandpa! Hey! Great to See ya here! :) @Greatlich and Omicron: I am totally happy that everyone's as excited as us about potential new Adventure Packs! :) We certainly love them as well! We've only got 36 Hours left... But I will certainly see how well we do! I cant make any promises right now... but we might surprise you with our generosity :) @Greatlich Thanks! :) @Neil Thanks for the vote of Confidence! :) @Brandon Hey! Yes indeed we have a few different directions we can go in....which we will Narrow Down and then we will let you Backers Know! But as you know, It can certainly be tough to assess that until after the Kickstarter is complete because we don't know exactly where we'll be at the end so we can't get a good estimate on Cost of Mini creation (which is one of the most expensive parts about any project :) But we certainly have quite a few different directions to go in! (Just as a tidbit and a little potential spoiler... we have some ideas about "pre-painted minis" ... But nothing is definite yet... just something we're looking into!) Thanks for the question! Thanks so much Sean! I really appreciate your support! :) Ok Guys! Just wanna Let you Know...It's very Late and I have to Go Down into the Tomb and lay down in my Sarcophagus AKA go to bed... ! (LOL) So... if you have any questions... please feel free to Email me (or comment) and I will DEFINITELY respond first thing (approx 8 am) tomorrow morning! .... Have a Wonderful Night backers! You're the Best Backers in the World! :) @Sean Yes Indeed! If all goes well with Molding.... They will look fairly similar (probably even better) than what you see in the Sample pics! :) Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"Managing your Pledge" OR you can wait till later in the BackerKit Survey and add it on later and pay for it later in the survey. If you add it on now, the excess money becomes "BackerKit Store Credit" So you can basically pick any items you want later! So the answer is ... Now OR Later :) Thanks for your Support and for your Question! :) @Howard you could add those dice... However... We are not 100% on making both dice... But we may... We're waiting on the double manufacturer info... If you add the add on now you will get the options later to add them on... If you want to wait you can and when we send the survey you can also add things on then as well and pay separately in the backerkit ;) Thanks very much for your support!!! @Anders we are currently working on prototype designs of dice! If we can do more than one design we certainly will! We are working with Doublesix now and we always want to always find new and exciting opportunities for uniqueness and to help establish us into our own realm of the gaming production industry. We hope to make a very high quality product that all will enjoy :) @Peter Sorry for Confusing you and some Others about the Dice Situation! Have no Fear! Everyone will get the COOL Custom Symbol Fun Dice! They will be Included in the Core Game! (The Picture Representation that we currently have is of the Traditional Dice Shape) The New DoubleSixes will look like the Design (which will be improved for clarity) and will be in the Double Six D12 Shape for Cool Uniqueness! (will still roll same probability-wise) The Add-on Will allow you later in the Backer Survey, let you choose the Pips (just like the doublesix Pips) OR The Custom Etched Symbol Dice (in Case you want Extra Dice for your Game) The Glory Seeker Comes with 2 sets of Dice already included! But you might want more! You might even want Extra dice For some Other Game! So The Options will be there! But we want the Unique Shape and Cool looking Feel to the Dice... with the Cool Symbols and Etched up look ... with the Thematic Colors... and the great Partnership with DoubleSix as well! :) Thanks so much for your Question and for your Support! :) @Robert Play time for number of players varies per Scenario Script but is very fast moving! Think about 2-3 Mins per Turn per player ;) (We Timed It!!!) It scales in a few different ways.. but one main way to point out to you is the Monster Spawning System... The more you explore the more awesome stuff you can find... and may also be very needed for the Objectives in the scenario.... However, the more you explore.. the More RED Rooms you will Find... which = More Monster Spawn Points... which = more Danger... So... more players will most likely Explore more Rooms more quickly (Keep in mind... that the Comet Track must be met in a specific time...) so you need to move with urgency... But the more you find... the More Danger you Find TOO! :) Thanks so much for your Question! I hope that helps! @Elaura Yes Indeed! That's totally an awesome Idea Indeed! :) Thanks so much for making us your Birthday Gift! We know you'll love opening that Box! :) Your Birthday Dream helps make our Dream Come True and become a Reality! :) Thank you so much! Also! If you haven't Checked it out yet... Here's the Print and Play Version of the Game! It almost has 1000 Downloads!!! <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened Yesterday! <url>"Glory Seeker will only be Worth It if we Hit all Stretch Goals" is Also only your Opinion ... Most Backers are very Enthusiastic about the original Scenario Script Content, Epic Scenario Script, the TONS of New Tiles, INCLUDING: Atlantis Level and Medusa's Meridian, The Trap Tile Pack, the Extended Tile Pack, and of course all of the other Amazing Content that comes in the other Pledge Levels! :) So There's Tons of Content Not to mention... the Minis as well are all a potential! Many feel that it's Very worth it! Whether there's Minis or Not! :) Hey Nancy! The fortune Hunter certainly has alot of content!!! The Glory Seeker certainly comes with tons of extra content! Like expansions (over double the amount of room tiles) and lots of Adventures... Extra dice etc... Also miniatures and more all included at lower than retail pricing ... Fortune Hunter also has lots of Adventures and great content... If you want it all Glory Seeker is great... If you want almost all... Fortune Hunter is great! :) We've been Featured on the Dice Tower News! <url>"Duck in a Pond" with your new Game! That said... we at Everything Epic Games, are not here for Ego, or to show off, or to try to be Big Shots... we're here to do the best we can to sincerely make an excellent, unique, fun, and special gaming experience that you and all of the other gamers will love and tell stories about! What ever it takes... how ever long it takes, we want this to be great that's our #1 Promise! :) @Sully Absolutely! I wouldn't call them "Quality Issues" ... They're really "Quality Opportunities" It's all about finding the best way to do things... Making the game Better with every choice is an Opportunity to me! :) Germany is Definitely exciting and you are 100% right about your speculation! As a new company... we dont want to take unneeded chances and risks... we want you all to be ecstatic with your new Game! :) @Rad Yes! It's what we'd really love to do Ideally! :) We will let the backers know as we make deals etc! So you'll know what you're getting as it progresses! But we're really leaning that way! @Greatlich Indeed! Quality and Excellent Product is #1 !!! (But we're still doing our best to get it done on schedule as quickly as possible in your hands!! ) @Martijn Yes indeed! There is lots of player interaction! Each character has their own strengths and weaknesses... However, you must keep in mind that the game is also very Strategic and you must use each other's Ideas and Work together to succeed in the tomb! Every player can do actions to help and assist one another in many different things, like Combat, Trading, Healing etc... So interacting with one another is a very important part of a Cooperative game like SotLT! :) Thanks for the question! I highly recommend watching the Gameplay Video! :) @Andre and Sully: So... how do we make sure it's all ready for print? We work our butts off of course... Now, depending on how many Miniatures are made... (and some of you know that the Stretch Goals have changed multiple times to Evolve for the awesomely changing environment) So you know that we are making it easier to get awesome Minis and other stuff in the game! So… we have to get 3D Physical Sculptures made for each mini (which of course takes time...) and there's no way right now in this stage (3 days left) to know 100% how many minis there will be... But what I DO know is how many Scripts there are... how many tiles there are, characters (10 of which are "Player Influenced" which all need Custom Artwork done (takes some time) ... I know how many Cards need to be made... Dice... ETC… This stuff is all accounted for... Now something you guys Don't yet know... (and we're not locked in yet but high potential!) Is we may be printing the game (manufacturing the game) in Germany! Now... this is more Expensive for US (for EEG) However, this will make our game be manufactured Faster, more Efficiently, more Effectively (less print errors and mistakes) and with better time communication gaps removed! It also will ship faster not only to EU but it's also closer to USA for Shipping to US as well! I recently got a game (a Kickstarter I backed) in the mail (Not going to say what game it was) and it was manufactured in China (by a "Prestigious Chinese Printer") and I was Very Shocked (because of the printer) to find major Mistakes/Manufacturing problems in the Components... This sort of thing is something I want to avoid, in a Big Way! I want you guys to get the BEST Game that we can possibly make! And if that means I go with a more expensive printer, I will do that, If that means that it will take me "Extra Time" to complete the project to make sure that items get manufactured properly and that the rules are 100% Perfect! And that the quality of the Miniatures is Excellent, and the Tiles Art is 100% and the Cards, Characters, Game Balancing, Artwork Continuity, Overall Thematic Flow, Storyline, Shipping Logistics, Distribution Network, and that Everything is PERFECT ... If that takes extra time for us, then we will use that time to the Greatest Potential that it has to deliver you the Greatest Tomb Diving Experience... the Best Cooperative and Competitive Game... The most EPIC Pulp Action Adventure Cinematic Board Game Experience that We Can Possibly Deliver! Because We at Everything Epic Games are NOT in the Business of Creating 2nd Rate, or Half Finished, or Low Quality, or RUSHED board games... (which we have been working on for a LONG time now, perfecting and playtesting this game thousands of times) Quality, Continuity, and “Gamers having Fun” is Extremely Important to us and our First Priority! So please fear not… our Communication is Strong, as noted by Many backers ;)! And it will continue to be strong... we will do our best to deliver on time as expected... but if anything what so ever is to come up... You backers are going to be the FIRST to know! We will NOT leave you in the dark... we will NOT disappear for months at a time.. we will keep in touch (not spam you lol) but Keep in touch so you know what's happening with Your Game! Everything Epic Game's Motto is: Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, and For the Gamer... And that Means YOU! @Andre and Sully: Let's talk about "Content" MuahahahahHAHAHAHAH (Goes a bit insane for a Moment) *Snaps out of it* Well..... we have a TON... lots... MEGA... OMEGA.. amount of Super Awesome Content.... (Which is Cool as Heck!) Right... RIGHT? Ok.. Ultra Long Answer coming now! ..... ;) @Andre and @Sully (And a Little Cody and Larkin Too!) ROFL you guys! What A Great Exchange of Comments! I love it .. Grasshopper and Wise Old Duck! ahahhababAHAHHAHA.... Ok... I'll start responding in a second.... but you guys are too Funny! @Occam I responded to your Private message But I will also respond here: The Gripmats will ship separately for the time being... if that changes I will let everyone know... the reason is because of the International Fulfillment that saves you the VAT, this is the way we ship internationally.... the items may not fit in their standard boxes and they also may not want to smush up the gripmat to fit it inside the box... so they will default to shipping separately. It is a very long and large sized item! I also would not want it to get stretched or damaged accidentally. I currently have a gripmat (sample) and they are really nice and durable... however I still probably wouldn't want to smash it up too much.. but I didn't do the product damage testing :P Thanks for the question! @Sully Thanks It's good to be quoted! @Elaura Thanks so much for joining our adventure! :) We really appreciate your support! This is definitely an Necessary Buy! ;) @Paolo no new tiles included, but yes Boss Monster/s ;) Thanks for the question @Terry Link Added. Thanks Have a good night folks... 2:10am here... Time for tomb bed... See ya in the morning backers ;) Keep in mind all special bonus stuff and stretch goals are not mentioned in the chart... We have tons of content :) @terry that's what we have ;) @Terry <url>"Lost Stretch Goals" are for above 100k 125K = The Exploration of Excalibur 150K= The Inquisition for the Fountain 175K = The Secret of the Dragon King Bonus Stretch Goals for All Pledge Levels "The Adventurer" and Above! Enjoy! :) If we Reach 100k We Unlock Wave 1 Boss Minis! All levels Adventurer and Above will get New Special Adventure Packs Listed in the Lost Stretch Goals List :) Update Sent! The Lost Stretch Goals are now Found! :) @James We've been working on that Indeed! We've certainly gotten some feedback about that so we've decided (a few days ago to work on a way to add in some more scenario script dispersant into the Stretch Goals... That will be updated by tomorrow morning... Thanks for the Comment! :) @Tom Thanks! Our backers are awesome! :) @Mrs Howard! You are amazing! Thank you so much! It is Much appreciated! :) Cool! :) Hey Backers! When you Vote... Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. <url>#16 On the Hotness...I know it's Tedious and Boring ... But it helps get us up on that List .. which Helps other people see it! @Rad Thanks!!! yes That's Most of the Designs (some aren't there..) However... The map one is being shown Mis-Formated... It's actually Long and Skinnier.... (24 x 46) size... Just as an FYI @Terry ... Sadly I must Agree .. The Holiday Season is Certainly a ROUGH time to have a Kickstarter... This is our First one... However Have no Fear! We have Many awesome things Lined Up and we will continue to make Epic Games for you awesome gamers! :) @Terry I am Indeed sorry I can not Show the Gripmats on Video , Even though I would Like to because they have not Been printed as samples Yet! :( (Yes I know they are not cheap... But they are about the same price as a smaller Playmat for something like Magic the Gathering etc... But in the scale they are much Larger! Larger= more$ ) Minis after Stretch Goals : Will be put into "Waves" So they'll be available in sets of 6-8-or 10 depending on Size and Complexity... But this way for each Add-On you'll be able to get a Nice amount of minis for a fair price! So we will put a bunch of Minis for each stretch goal in each Wave mini Pack! :) @Martijn Hey! Thanks so much for the Kind Words!!!! The Tile Expansion Packs are indeed 25 and the Adventure Packs are 20 (as Add-Ons) they are much less when you pledge into a higher tier... however... Please understand that each of these packs come with New Adventures, New Bosses, New Story Cards, New Items, new Artifacts, New Tiles, New Characters... LOTS of New Stuff! ( Not just a Scenario and nothing else) But they're each Jam Packed with content! Thank you for your support!!! We really appreciate it! @Kevin Thanks so much for Joining in the Glory Seeker Adventure! You Definitely will find Glory with Us all! :) @Terry I agree! However, we Have SO many Goals... Pledge Goals... Incentives.. It can be overwhelming for some people :) We have 4 days left to go and we have learned A LOT! And we most Certainly, in Future Works, Future Games will be able to make HUGE Improvements on already awesome product lines! (We always appreciate your enthusiastic suggestions and help! Thanks very much Terry as always! :) @Terry Remember "BGG Blitz Reward" Etc... Most of the time those 500 Backers ETC Rewards are usually not something as awesome as an Adventure Pack or as an actual Add-On... we gave everyone Something Awesome for Helping Out! It's really worked very well for everyone! Having Backers Back us up on BGG is very successful and we Really Appreciate Everyone's Hard Work and Determination! @Terry We decided to Do Special Backer Help Rewards! @Rad Thanks for your Help and Backup Once again! :) Highly Appreciated! @Kevin Sorry for any confusion on the Packs ... We have a (not so great) comparison guide here: <url>" The Big Brown Bear... came Lollipin' over the Mountain... " hah @Stevhen Yes indeed! It's a big expense for a new company to create and manufacture these types of items... so we'll certainly, once established, have the ability to do some other CRAZY and awesome things later on as well! But we will always no matter what keep the EPIC gaming going.... Of the Gamer, by the Gamer, for the Gamer! That's our Motto! :) @Larkin Indeed... However ... The Awesome news is ... You're getting a bunch of extra Adventure Scripts Because of the Kickstarter's Hard work and determination! :) Thanks so much for your support! You wont be sorry that you pledged! It's gonna ROCK! @Tomas Welcome to the Adventure of Secrets of the Lost Tomb AND kickstarter! It's going to be a Wild RIDE! :) Glad to have you! ... Ok back to comments... LOL (A Nice interruption ... ) @Pledge WOOO! 85,161 Now! (Stretch Goal Activated... and Unlocked... ) @Sully thanks so much for Keeping Up with the Voting and Most Anticipated for us! It's awesome that we're in the Running in only ONE DAY of being on there! LOL! You guys are SICK!!! (In a GOOD WAY) :) @Greatlich YES! (Since your comment we're only 74 Buck-a-roonies away! Let's do this! :) Ok! I'm Back! :) ... Commenting Now... In Order from Latest to Earliest.... ..... Commencing..... We're Featured in the Board Game Geek Top Downloaded Files of 2013! For the Print and Play AND the Rulebook! <url>#item2999145 Link to our BGG Page (To Help with Hotness) <url>#item2999145 All you gotta do is give us a Thumbs Up! :) Thanks for your help!!! Paolo... sent you a Message about more PnP (which we hope we can put together after KS is completed :) Thanks for being so excited! We really appreciate it!!! :) We want to put stuff together so you guys can have some fun and get your "Tomb ON" while we are getting this game made for you guys!!! :) @Cody Thanks so much for the Quick Answers and Backup! :) Much appreciated ... as you can see.... hands are full here with Promotion and Pushing those Stretch Goals!! :) @Robert Thanks so much for Joining in the Glory Seeker Adventure! We are Very Proud to Have you Aboard! Thanks so much for the Kind Words! To Second Cody's Awesome quick Response... no you're not missing any gameplay items! :) You're going to "Get it All" Only extras are Extra Swag OR Player Aid like the GripMats and Tee Shirts... :) YES indeed Sully !!! I hope more of our amazing backers will help thumbs up!!! Link again : <url>#item2999145 @brandon thanks so much for your support!!! You won't be sorry... Very Good so Far RAD! We need to keep pushing to get in the Running for the Top 20!! :) Thanks Terry! Ok 9 Thumbs so far! :) Keep it up guys lol! We've gotta compete with Shadows of Brimstone.. 217 thumbs.... lol We Can DO IT!!! I was being humble lol Anyone Willing to go and nominate Us for Most Anticipated Game of 2014 on boardgamegeek.com If someone Nominates us I will send an Update to try to get everyone to Thumbs it UP! .... Today is the Last Day! <url>"Happily" in an old Germanic Tongue! :) @Grouik It will be a Booklet-Format Adventure script with much longer story sections, much more in depth objectives, and many more options for the direction in which the adventure will go in. It's a lot like a Choose Your Own Adventure Book....so when you get to the end of each Story Narrative Section and After you Complete each Major Objective... you'll have a set of options... depending on the choice, you'll have different outcomes, potentially different dangers, and alternate endings to the adventure! Let me know if that helps at all and if you have any specific questions! :) Thanks so much!! @Martin Yes indeed you are correct! You have the pricing right... (for added shipping and handling) Thank you so much for your support! We appreciate it and really look forward to you playing our game! :) Im a huge fan of Agents of Smersh too and Tales of Arabian Nights! Great stuff!!!! @Greatlich You're definitely Going to LOVE the Epic Script! :) @Sully Hahahah! You Figured it out! ... the writer of SotLT Looks just like Grampy Potts! So in his honor... we made Brig Gen Patrick Drake! He's an awesome character actually.... Cool special ability to Raise the party's courage by using morale raising speeches etc! :) He's cool! @Morgan Yes Indeed! They will certainly be awesome! @Paolo Thanks for Joining the Glory Seeking Adventure! Happy to have you onboard! :) @Scraps Im not sure!? I'll have to check and figure it out! Whoops sorry clicked too many times... Lol too excited I guess... @Don... The Vault Opens again tonight!!!!! Be ready!!!! @Don... The Vault Opens again tonight!!!!! Be ready!!!! Nevermind... Lol 12 dollars away from Stretch Goal!!! Lol @Brian A Great idea for sure!!! :) You'll certainly love it!! @Brian! That's awesome ! Sorry to see a copy of betrayal go... but you WONT be sorry!!! You'll really be happy for the upgrade! Thanks so much for your support!!! :) @Sandeep Copy That! :) Thanks ! @Rad Thanks for the explanation assistance!!! :) HAPPY NEW YEAR BACKERS!!!! @swedishbear the glory seeker comes with many more room tiles than the Fortune Hunter... It has all of the expansion tomb tiles, the trap room tiles, the Atlantis 4th Level room tile expansion , the medusa's meridian level expansion room tiles... And more!!! This is a huge value and also comes with the boss miniature sets that are unlocked by Stretch goals!!! I recommend scrolling down on the Kickstarter and comparing the two pledge levels on the main page. Thanks so much!!! @roman me too!!!! ;) @martin yes!!! I will update everyone with an excited update later tonight! Im very pleased that were at the top 10! Thank you so much for your hard work! (First Day of HONG KONG 2014 :P ) Let's hit 85k on the First Day of US 2014 :) Woah! We're getting really close to Dr. Heidi Dupont .... Ancestor of Dr. Frankenstein ! Scientist and genius Biologist... her life goal working with the EOP is to find the Secrets of Life and Death... Hoping one day to bring back the dead!! But until then... she uses her genius powers for the forces of good! :) @Nicolas Honestly ... I've never played Dungeon Run yet.... I have played Mice and Mystics (I own it) So Perhaps someone else in the Comments can help with Dungeon Run Gameplay? I think the best thing I can say is we have more story... more freedom in the game... its Cooperative... and It's the Pulp Action Adventure Genre ! :) (Like indiana jones rather than pure fantasy) However we do have cool monsters and supernatural stuff too! :P @Tom Dont worry... the Year is COMING! :P @Greatlich HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!! HONG KONG! HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR! :) @Sandeep YES INDEED!!! Top Ten is GREAT! :) @Paolo I'll see what I can do! :) It's not easy to translate the game but we will try to see what the options are after the KS is complete! (Im looking into a couple different ways! @Cody Thanks for your Help with Clarifications and Helping other Backers! I appreciate it! @AARON Nope! The Goalpost did not get moved! :) l... BUT Please keep doing it! :P The Higher the BETTER! This is the FINAL WEEK So we need to get as high as we can on there to get as much visibility as possible and get as many eyes on the project as we can! The more the merrier! :0) @Rad THANK YOU! :) I really appreciate your help! It definitely helps!!! @Cody! YES INDEED you Guys are Doing Great! And you've really done an amazing job! I hope you're excited for cool Samurai Action! :) Also, Yes Let's keep going to #1 !!!! @Paolo So Happy to see you so Excited! :) Give me a little time and I'll see if I can put together a Print and Play Expansion Pack :P @Roman Send me a Message Privately and we can discuss that further, but yes I'd love to translate the game... but it does have some major costs involved and some major text translation..... this game has lots of text :) @Morgan Thanks!!! :) We appreciate all sharing that anyone can do! :) The more the merrier! We wanna hit as many stretch goals as we can! @Roman Im not sure how you'd play with the Story Cards, Monsters, etc... if they were not the same size as the rest... The Adventure Scripts would be "ok" as print and play... but the rest of the supplemental items would look messed up in my opinion.... However, in the future... we are looking at potentially releasing some cool content and also potentially Fan Player-Created Content on our website/Blog for fans etc... print and play stuff! :) Thanks so much Morgan!!! Very weird scraps... Ill have to look in to it.... Sorry about the problems... If everyone helps us get on the hotness you WILL get a new adventure... We did it before we can do it again!!!! Hey All You Awesome Backers .... If you missed the update check it out! <url>#1 Hotness Spot again, its going to need everyone to pull together and work as an awesome team!:) Thanks so much for your support! @Sully Indeed... It's awesome to see people getting into SotLT and striving to make their own stuff! So cool! @Paolo NICE JOB! :) hahaha! I love these images.. very cool style! Thanks so much for contributing to the awesomeness! Ill see what I can do about adding anything :) --Chris Yes Indeed! The BoardGameGeek site has Lots of our Stuff... Cool info.... nice discussions on Forums about things... Also... you can help us out by posting comments and thumbs up-ing our pictures on there as well! This helps us get higher on the Hotness List which helps get more eyes on the game.. WHICH ultimately Helps us Get more Stretch Goals! :) 1000 Comments and A Stretch Goal hit in One Day! Great Job Backers! You're The Best Backers in the World! :) No Problem Steven! And we only have 2 sample Pics! We have LOTS of Different Gripmat Artwork Options.... Make sure you check out the updates for all artwork ... also check out gripmat's kickstarter! Thanks! Chris Both sizes that we offer in our add-ons will work! It really depends on the play space you're going to be using at the time of gaming! :) @Rad Thanks for Sharing! :) There are certainly going to be some Awesome Options of Gripmats!!! :) @Morgan Welcome to the Adventure!!! :) Thanks for your support!!! @StantazChild YES! I agree! :) Lets get there! It will be a type of item that anyone can use.There will be various cool types. :) @cabal thanks for the suggestion! Definitely a good idea... We have a Ton of Trap Tiles that were perfecting for sure and our objective is for them to be balanced and fun! ;) so we're going to make sure that they all work in that way 100% ;) @Cabal The quicksand trap room (is honestly under revision) Im sincerely considering taking out "Lose Actions and Lose Turns" from the game... however I am playtesting it a bit further... What it Currently Means is: End Turn: No Story Card that is the end of that "Explore Action" You dont lose more other than that.... The -2 Turns means you lose 2 Actions Next Turn... It's one of the core tile rules that I've been working on an alternative for... Losing Movement or Perhaps Dexterity instead may be a better effect... I'll be playtesting those effects instead... I dont like making people lose actions/turns... (not very fun for some folks) Feel free to let me know what you think about that! :) Thanks! Chris @Michelle Hey! Currently the Retail Pricing "the MSRP" is listed in the Add-On Menu in top left hand corner of the Add-On section for each.... Drakkus may not be available later because it's a Kickstarter Exclusive currently... Thanks! Let me know if you have more questions! Woo Hoo @ Cabal! Thanks so much for trying it and enjoying!! That's exactly what we were going for... Easy to understand... Deep enough... But not too ridiculous with pages and pages of rules :) Thanks again and thanks for the comment!!! ;) @Greatlich we at EEG don't believe we will be offering any other sizes right now... But I'll let you know if that changes! @SantanzChild yeah!!! I love the 4 Horsemen!!! And so is my Update!!! :) You're gonna LOVEEE THIS ONE!!!! @Rad and Stevhen Thank you very much for your Help and Support! :) @Nicolas Sorry about any confusion! I have the table that Steven Provided but I am more than happy to answer any question you might have about any pledge. Feel free to send me a message anytime! :) The value is even greater then that now... The savings is listed on each pledge level as you scroll through the kickstarter... @Nicolas! The other Game Modes will all be in the " Adventurers Almanac: A Reference Guide" which we have not Released yet.... Thanks for your comment!!!! If you have questions that are specific... please let me know and I'll answer! :) I'll get a final word on the double sided from gripmat asap... You can get a grip mat through either one of us... ;) @Rad Thanks for the Answer: Yes indeed.. they dont know about Doublesided Yet... It is pretty cool to know So many people LOVE the Map! It's really cool art! I like it alot too! :) I'll get to work on seeing about pricing for the DoubleSix Engraved Designs! :) Thanks so much! @Occam YES! (DoubleSix Dice and I are Talking about doing Custom Engraved DoubleSix Dice... meaning... Cool Designs, with Cool Thematic Symbols, and small numbers on Every Face! ) This is an extra cost ... Just like the Regular D6 Engraved dice are an Extra Cost for US but it's a cost for EEG... and we're doing this because we want you to have the Coolest Game EVER! :) So there may end up being a Pip SotLT Dice Set (special for DoubleSix Fans and other folks) AND Also, a Custom Engraved DoubleSix made special for the Core Game that everyone would get, that would have the cool symbols and etching details etc! :) Thanks for the Awesome Questions!!! @Occam We're working out the Shipping on the Dice (probably shipped with your other orders.. So unless you order dice (and ONLY the dice) which is not the ideal... then there wont be more shipping cost... ) The Gripmats, However, must likely must be Shipped Separately... (You must understand that the size is LONG! 24/46 or 36 x 36 ... That's Long!!!) Sorry for the inconvenience... but these mats will be rolled up and shipped (most likely) in a tube or something, which wont be able to fit in the standard game shipping box.... Logistics can be crazy! Thanks for your comments!!! :) @Occam and Rad Yes Indeed! You can definitely either add the money on Now OR you can Add it on Later if you feel more comfortable! (Backerkit will allow you to add on whatever you want in the end!) If you add-on now though, you'll help make more Stretch Goals! :) Thanks so much for your support!!! @Rad and @ Interlocking Tiles : In the survey I wanted to know how much people liked interlocking tiles... Why? Because I can still do a "type of interlocking" that isn't puzzle pieces more like "Notched Sides" that would still keep the tiles together and straighter but not puzzle-like, which is what I was asking in the survey... I wanted to figure out what people would like more and what they felt was more useful... Having a GripMat could still be a nice addition to the game if you really want the tiles to stay in one place whether it's Interlocking or Not... however, once again... A Gripmat is not needed for Gameplay... it's only a secondary player Aid for those who like it! :) Thanks so much for your comments and Support! @Paul None of the Gameplay will be effected whatsoever by these Additions... the additions are produced by the other companies and are only just helpful or interesting items that some people would like but are not needed for gameplay! ;) Thanks so much for your comment!!! @Rad The "Map of the Tomb Locations Throughout History" would be the 24 x 46 (it's thinner and long) still 2 feet wide though :) @Sully Sorry about any bugs! I did receive a bunch of comment answers in the survey... but if you dont think yours worked... Please feel free to email me directly and send any feedback or opinions directly to me! Thanks so much! @John GT: Thanks for the Kind words! I'm super happy with how the 4 horsemen came out too!!! :) @John GT: Hey! As of right now our box size is Large! 12 X 19 X 4! So it should fit all extra stuff (we tried to plan for this and we will change if we can if needed...) Im not sure what you mean by the included add on question :( I'll try to answer you better if you can tell me what that's from (feel free to email me directly) Depending on how you'd like to play the game whether you'd like to set up the tomb length wise or "left and right" the gripmat that's 36 by 36 gives you the largest space incase you're using all of the expansion materials as well... But really It's tough to give an option on that... I usually set it up long ways... but that's because I dont usually (when demoing in a store) have a wide table... I evolve the tomb depending on play space! :) @Mrs. Howard Yes I was asking if you, the backers, would prefer Doublesix Dice in the game... I also asked if you'd prefer the Doublesix Dice to be Engraved... I was also considering just putting some in... The doublesix dice give the game a uniqueness and a specific tone that make games stand out... I know that d6 is a tradition that almost every game has... but almost every game has it! So as a new game company, for us to succeed, we need to find ways to be different and interesting to new players... The DoubleSix Dice would function the same way as a d6, except they would roll a bit more and would look a little more interesting on the gameplay table... People would come up to you and ask... Hey Cool Dice! What are those? DoubleSix? There's d6X2 on that die? Cool! And stuff like that.... so to answer your question... we wanted to get a feel from the Backers what they thought would be best! So far I've got 100 responses!!! Im going to wait for some more responses and then let you guys know what we're going to do! :) (I.E. Traditional Etched, DoubleSix Etched... or BOTH! :) @Sean: Yes! There is more Vault Stuff Coming : One Idea I was considering was having Glory Seekers have the ability to submit a Story Card for Immortality in the game (working with us as final editors etc of course) We have more adventures to potentially put in there... and we also have an "Epic Adventure Scenario Script" that is still waiting "on base" (The Vault is all Dependent on the growth of the Campaign itself) We've been in the Lull of Christmas lately so we haven't been able to add anything more just yet...we want to, but we have to keep the integrity of the campaign together as it rises. We hope to add something VERY soon! :) Thanks so much for your question and for your support! @Steve HEY! The Competitive modes unlock some cards with them (for core base games) These "Trap Cards" and other cards are for use with the entire game They are useable for Solo and Coop play but become Even cooler and geared toward Competitive play.... What I'm trying to explain is... lol... IS... that The Items that come in there have Multiple Uses and can be used for Solo and Coop Play AND competitive play.... Specifically the Trap Cards (not tiles but cards) The trap cards are special items that a player character uses to "Set A Trap" Their own Trap! These traps can be accidentally sprung by monsters.. and other players (In Coop not sprung by players as easily) but in competitive mode you can hide traps and set traps that players can walk on or be hurt by etc... There's also some cool story cards that add some other cool challenges to the game (And of course the special rules) Hopefully that helps... I'll try to make a post that describes more competitive rules on BGG asap! :) Thanks for your question! @Occam / Joe! Yes Indeed! You can either, add to your pledge now (the extra it would cost to purchase the extra pledge) which becomes an extra option for after the Kickstater is over... Or you can do that Add on after the Kickstarter is over (potentially the Early Bird Pricing might be gone by then.... So you definitely have the options... either way you'll have to add in the extra special Information later into the Backerkit for the extra items that you wish to pledge! Thanks so much for your support and extremely kind words!!! We're doing the best we can and we will work as hard as possible to make this game the best it can be! :) I'm going to put out another update tonight about gripmats and Doublesix Dice ;) and print and play and rules! @Michelle Thanks so much for your support! So glad you're with us! @Stevhen Thanks alot! Hopefully we're going to fly up and get tons of stretch goals in!! Let's keep on pushing forward! @Kraven... We've contacted fulfillment... I'll let you know if anything changes... but that's still a reduced pricing from the 65 dollar pricing from our original shipping quote :) @Greatlich thanks! We're happy about it :) @adam BOooooOOOOOMmmmm!!!!!! That's what I like to hear! :) congrats on the upgrade! Good Night Kevin! :) Merry Christmas! Heck yeah!! Just wait till our special artwork is up!! ;) MERRY CHRISTMAS BACKERS!!! :) Also stay tuned for more info on DoubleSix Dice! :) A cool Synergistic Partnership between us to make Official Secrets of the Lost Tomb DoubleSix Dice! :) @Greatlich It should be tomorrow that the official announcement with our Official Secrets of the Lost Tomb Gripmats in at Least 2 Sizes.... 24 by 46 and 36 by 36" !!!! :) Thanks Sandeep!!! :) I love it too! Yes Glen! Let's get there and keep on going! :) Also our new work with DoubleSix Dice as well! Another Christmas Surprise for everyone :) LOL! Rad and Sully.... It's Both! Gripmat and Bianca! :) Yep let's keep on moving forward!!! ;) @Kraven welcome back sir! It's good to have you back!!! @sully I could give more details... Im just afraid of spoilers... @Rad Thanks! We're doing the best we can to make this the best we possibly can! :) ;) @Rad Yes! As soon as Gripmat Adds it to their Kickstarter I will add it to mine. @Terry I'm glad you're still here and I hope you can stick it out though to the end! We're not done yet! We still have the BoardGameGeek.com Contest and the final week or so of the campaign should start to bring people out of their hobbit hole and hopefully join our party towards the tomb! :) @Stevhen Yes indeed you are correct... we need to get over that hump and start getting some minis to help some people believe in the project again. We have lots of people who believe in the game and the core heart of Secrets of the Lost Tomb and we're really glad that they'll have the opportunity to play the game and enjoy it to it's fullest extent! I'm glad that there are lots of folks who have put their faith in us to make a great game and we're glad that you did! Thanks so much for that! We hope you're having a great holiday! @Greatlich Thanks very much! You're spot on with what you're saying... we're certainly doing our best and we really do appreciate your undying support! We decided to launch during the Christmas and Holiday Season, which apparently is a rough thing to do... We're doing our best to make this happen and we're not going to give up! @Rad Thanks very much for still believing in us. The game is certainly not all about minis, they're a part of the game to help immersion even more... but they're not a part of game play... They'll look really great when done... Thanks for sticking with us! @Steve We fight them one at a time as they're triggered... We just wanted a group shot for the scenario script as well! :) @Realm Master... Yes indeed... We're working hard on it... Ill be sharing our newest mini tonight which you'll be able to see far more animated... ;) it's a Process that as you know takes alot of time as well as funding... We have some of the sample 3d artwork but we're still working on getting more of it. Some of the 3d art may change prior to completion... The monsters are quite animated and there are a couple characters that are not as animated... But Alligator MacPhee is pretty cool with his slashing movement with his machete and tonight I'll reveal BIANCA Sinclair guns a blazing... ;) Yeah Cabal! I'm going like a madman on this end! *<l:o)} Christmas certainly is a major distraction away from Kickstarter... we run all the way through till Jan 7th so past the New Year 1 week should help :) @adam agreed. @rad 0-o indeed @Steve... Heh! Most of the Monster Artwork is Done by Mr. Braithwaite... (Main Boss Monsters etc... He still has More to Do! It's a lot of work as you can see by the Detailing! ) Character Portraits by George Patsouras of Avalon the Resistance + Flash Point fame... and just about all other Art by Ninjace Productions... (Tiles Graphics ETC) Glad you Like it!!! :) We're working really hard to make it as great as we can! @steve yes indeed... Soldiers and more! Gotta have em special for that scenario ;) also notice the Vampire mafia members as well ;) @cabal me too I was super pumped when I got that email with the new artwork in it!!! Just wait till tonight's reveal!! @adam me tooooooo!!! Let's get that Stretch Goal! @Sully... You rule! We gotta get those dice now for sure... Toss em at Rhaz Azul!!! @shiver I'm sure they'll appreciate it! Their pricing is quite reasonable and the "roll dice and get that many is also funny lol" @kevin woo hooooo indeed! Thanks Everybody!!! Let's keep it moving!!! Welcome Tom!! ;) ROFL! Awesome Description! :) Dodecahedrons! lol.. love it! I would think of them as Rolling Gems or Boulders from Indiana Jones lol... .if they hit a character or Monster... then it's dead! Rofl (Just Kidding) Yes Indeed Folks! I would be customizing them as per the theme of the game (Green/Gold or something to that effect) These would not Replace our Traditional D6.. this would be in addition to ... Such as an Add-On etc... Also everybody... I'm talking to "DoubleSix Dice" about making some Cool Custom Dice for Secrets of the Lost Tomb.... I feel like its a cool unique shape that will really suit the feel and theme of the Tomb! <url>"Lose 2 Courage" lol...:P Is this part of your interview for becoming an Everything Epic Games staff game Writer? lol.... The tee shirts would be printed in the USA then shipped to you which would be high priced... If we had lots of interest in them we could probably place a large order for them but.. Right now we haven't gotten much interest in the tee shirt... I'll look into better fulfillment options on them ... No promises though :( @Tom Yes indeed! Any help on BoardGameGeek.com will certainly help us get some more notice... we are trying to get back on the Hotness... but I suppose I'll just have to pull another cool Top Secret Adventure Script out for ya'll to get you inspired! :) @Sully Well... Since you're a Full Fledged Member of the Order... I don't see why you shouldn't be privy to this sort of Top Secret intel! :) @Tom ROFL! Fortune and Glory is definitely good stuff... It just came out with a couple new mini-expansions ... only thing about F&G is that the Rules are pretty dense.... make sure if you do get it you watch some Tutorial Videos ... / try to do some Solo Games to learn the game really well :) It's definitely cool though for sure! It's a zoomed out version with less story than SotLT and more of a Competitive Game then Cooperative... We're more Coop...With Optional Competitive Modes :) @Rad ... what we Do is we use the Story of the Scenarios to Create the Epic Artifacts! There will be time when we create other specific artifacts... however currently the Artifacts have sort of ambiguous names like "The Cup" but in a particular Scenario... they are REALLY "The Holy Grail" This allows for versatility and helps with balance in the game when you, as a player, are searching rooms for a specific artifact. :) Thanks for the question! We may make some really cool Epic Artifacts in the near future... I am going to talk it over for sure!!! @Rad Thanks So Much for Helping us Spread the Word!!!! @Sully Thanks! The M1 Carbine and other weapons vary! Our characters and the Eternal Order of Perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the Black market where they are able to obtain Lots of cool weapons and stuff... The game takes place around 1933 and is in that Pulp era! So we have a big variety of weapons and equipment from all ages :) @Grouik ROFL You're right on all accounts! Great comment Responses! :) The X marks the Spot! :P @Sandeep Thanks alot! yeah He definitely cracked me up with the Walt Disney Comments etc! LOL... It was nice to see the gameplay done so well too! I just sent out an Update for everyone! Please Enjoy! :) Hey Backers... Check out Undead Viking and his video review of Secrets of the Lost Tomb! <url>"Arikeita" MacPhee (Arikeita=alligator in Maori) We're also doing a game demo at the Microsoft building : If anyone is from NYC and interested... Feel free to come check us out! ;) link below <url>"OK" have no fear! The Glory Seeker Gets it automatically (because they Get it all!) But we don't see any reason to not offer the adventure as an Item for Add-On (once again we need to update that graphic picture in the Kickstarter to include the new items) We don't want any backers to miss out on anything either! :) Thanks for your support! :) @Realm Master K Thank you so much!!! It is Very VERY Much appreciated!!! @Rad We're certainly working on Stories and Novels etc.... that we would love to go with the game as a companion but we want to make sure that they're really done Right! An Art Book is a good idea which I will certainly look into for sure.... Another thing we're looking into is getting a Blog Together to create a community for our gamers to talk and be creative... We are discussing working on a blog where people can discuss adventure scripts etc.. and different adventures that they'd love to see.... Potentially do Adventure Script Polls/Contests User created or co-created content etc... (Not on Kickstarter but on the EverythingEpicGames.com website) That sort of thing.... if you have any other ideas or if Anyone has any cool ideas pleas feel free to comment or message me... we are always open to hear anything from backers! :) @Rad AHH! I Understand Now!!! :) I will look into this and see if there's anything that we could add to the Add-Ons like that... We are trying to be very conscious about not creating production Delays and slowing down the project because of a Fluff add-on... That's why I'm being very careful so that everything we manufacture and create can be made easily in the same place... That's one reason that the T-Shirts add-on is US to help create no issues with manufacture and shipping more than one package... However! I will definitely consider what you're saying and see if I can come up with anything that would be appropriate and bring value to the backers! Thanks so much!!! :) Only a Few Hundred Bucks away from Alligator MacPhee! Let's get him on this Adventure!!! @Michelle I certainly Hear you... and yes we are definitely doing our best to get up there on the level of Arkham and other great games for sure! We don't have that many Kickstarter Exclusives.. however I've noticed that there are a lot of people who really do love Kickstarter Exclusives that really get folks excited about backing a game... The thing is... Kickstarter is all about getting us started.... We are not a Big Box company like Wizards of the Coast or Fantasy Flight Games or Flying Frog Games , or Steve Jackson games... we're New and Independent and we strive to have the same quality if not BETTER and we are doing our best to get to make our Games Epic! Kickstarter is here to help us get to that moment... to build this company to create an amazing Game.. If people don't help Pledge on Kickstarter... we wont be able to Print and Create lots of Copies of the game.... The Less Pledges... the Less we can make and Manufacture.... The only backing we have is YOU... You Backers are what Make us able to create... Able to be Creative... able to Give the world a New board game... an Epic game for people to love... If everyone waits till later to Back us... there's going to be issues trying to find the game at your local store because the first Print run will not be large enough to get a game to all of our Fans! That's why we have to create Kickstarter Exclusives... we need to say thank you to our Kickstarter Backers... to those who helped us truly get this made and out there for all to enjoy... You're not just Buying a Game ... You're helping us make Everything Epic Games... our Dream... your Reality! :) @Michelle Drakkus will most likely be Available in an Add-On later, we were unable to adjust the Graphic yet.... The Most Adventurous Gamer comes included at the Adventurer Level and above... (which is base game) So most of it you'll be able to get later.. the KS exclusives are all a-part of the add-ons if you'd like to buy them al a carte' they're just a better value if you buy them in a specific Pledge Level Pack. Thanks for the Questions! Hope that helps! @Rad Yes indeed... The Vault of Perseus still has room to stretch! You see a couple empty spots but we are planning on Filling those Spots PLUS adding more spots ... once again... this is all dependent on the growth of the project overall! :) But we have a few ideas for sure ! If you have anything you'd love to see... definitely let me know! Thanks!!! @sully thanks for the support!!! @rad thanks for the help..... @michelle you can add things on during the campaign and even at the end... After Jan 7th you will have some time to still add things on... Not a long long time but some time to answer the surveys and get any add ons you'd like... After kickstarter down the line most of the items will be available except the KS Exclusives. Thanks! @kraven Drakkus will definitely be an add-on... We still have to update the add on menu... Thanks for the question! And thanks so much for the continued support and faith in us!!! ;) @kraven #2 I will review for you and see what I can do... (can't guarantee any change... The Box is large and heavy... With lots of goodies!! ) Its currently 25 shipping for the lower Pledges and 40 shipping when you have all of the extras... @kraven hey! We have not had the chance to update the add on graphic yet... But the fortune Hunter is going to include the core character minis and you will be able to add on the other boss monster minis in wave packs which we are going to organize as they become unlocked so you'll be able to add on specific minis in wave packs as they unlock... The Glory Seeker comes with all Minis... @Terry Yes I did see that.... I will go and look at Journeys and research that more in depth and see if it's something that's possible for us! I will let you know if I figure something out that is a fit for us! :) Thanks alot for the suggestions! @grouik Thanks for you're excellent support!!! :) @Maken X I am trying to find out the information and manufacturing best practices that I could get a Painted Mini option added in as a additional Add-On... I'm still waiting on this info :( ... I really want to do a Premium Mini version... It's just Very Expensive to do.... So I am working on it the best I can for sure... as a cool option. (But I can not guarantee it now until I find the proper information on it! As soon as I know.. I will let you guys know for sure!!!) @Donald Thanks for your Support!!! :) Glad you're enjoying!!! @Glen thanks... You Backers are awesome!!! @Greatlich Thank you! We're doing the best can and we will continue to do so for our amazing backers! Thanks very much Kevin!! @Kevin thanks so much for the support! We can't do this without you amazing backers! Please spread the word!!! ;) @Sean thanks so much! We've been working our Tomb- Butts off to make this real... And make this happen @maken lol... Im working on it... Give me a little time ;) I'll let you know as soon as I can Huge Updated Posted! Let me know what you Backers Think!!!! :) @Terry... (A little secret... I've been working on getting the stretch goals lower all this past week...) Been trying to find any way to get these miniatures asap by finding smart ways to get the pricing down to be able to make at least some of the miniatures in the game right off the bat... However... Miniatures start up costs can be very high :( Hey All! I updated how the Kickstarter itself is Organized! Let me know what you all think! Thanks!!! We're gonna keep on Pushin'! We got some really awesome backers here so we have faith in you guys! Keep having faith in us! We will make it happen for you all! @Kraven Thanks!!! :) @ Terry! Thanks for pointing that out! Yes indeed! Sometimes during the Holiday Season people really have other priorities that they want to take care of first so they might get a bit shy... we hope that people will come on back to Kickstarter once they've finished all of their Holiday Shopping! The Christmas and Holiday season are very Hectic ones and Very Stressful ones for Many People here in the US and Around the world! We are very sensitive to that... and that's why we decided to run the 43 Day Campaign... this way it would give us time to get through the holidays and have a chance to keep pushing forward afterwards! :) Thanks for the comment and for your continued support! Keep sticking with us! We are doing lots of things here behind the scenes to make this game better and better! I hope to have some amazing announcements that will knock some peoples socks off next week if possible... You all just gotta stick with us and help spread the word the best you can! Let's keep the excitement going folks! I mean... After all... You're the Best Backers in the World! @Todd Hey! Thanks for the Comment! You can only get down to the 2nd Level... The 3rd level (And 4th in the Expansion Pack and Medusa's Meridian [the triangle tiles expansion] Must be Found by exploring! The 1st and 2nd levels being open allows for lots of exploration options and gives the opportunities for more team work and ability to split up, if desired, to complete tasks and objectives in the game! We're doing a game demo in NY city next week and also were partnering with a few game stores to continue to drive interest as well... If anyone has any other suggestions were certainly open to any and all! ;) We all have to keep in mind that it's Christmas and holiday season... Very distracting for many... So that's why we're running the campaign through the new year to January 7th... ;) We are certainly doing our best to get the word out there... Podcasts, articles, and the previews... Its the middle of the campaign and we certainly want to drive new interest... To get back up on the hotness chart on BGG would be great... We need your support to help us get more traffic on BGG for comments and thumbs up... Here's another Article about SotLT just got Published! Check it out guys! <url>#TheGlorySeeker Glad you like the art interior etc... we got some more really cool stuff coming that we'll be revealing as it comes! Stay Tuned! :) @Kraven ... Thanks very much! The cover is a culmination of the entire essence of the fully immersive thematic experience. Check out our website so you can see a larger version and let me know what you think! Perhaps being able to see the small details larger you might see the direction we went in! :) www.EverythingEpicGames.com let me know what u think! :) Also just a neat suggestion... There's some interesting stuff going on in the BGG Forums... I recommend checking it out! :) <url>"The Emporer Drakkus" and the High Seas Adventure Pack ... @Donald... Thanks for your comment! Sorry if you're confused about the pledge levels... Let me try to explain... So... Im hoping in the next couple days we should be "In Business" with cool new Videos! @Rad Tom Vasel and Lance (Undead Viking) Said end of this week they should have em... I've been in contact with both (They've got the Cool Prototypes so the Videos should be in order ASAP!) Alligator MacPhee has an awesome ability to manipulate audacity... Very cool stuff!!! @Holly yes indeed! Let's keep on pushing! ;) @Arto: The answer right now is Yes! I am working with BackerKit right now to figure out all of the In's and Out's of it and the capabilities so I'll be able to tell you more very soon... But yes... backers will be able to add-on after the Campaign :) Note: Keep in mind that the more backers we get during the campaign the higher the stretch goals we obtain will be! :) @Karsten Thanks for your comment and for your help! :) Much appreciated! @Arto... Cool Snow Man Avatar By the way LOL! (We have snow here right now in New Jersey USA) @Arto Thanks so much for your question! This was indeed unclear and I apologize... There is an additional 15 Dollar charge for Add-Ons for International Backers depending on how much you decide to add on. I have tried to make this clearer in the body of the Kickstarter. The box size of the Core Game is Very Large and Heavy... every little additional add-on, core game, miniatures... items... each thing adds more weight and size to the box! We apologize for the shipping costs. We were able to get them as low as they are because of International Fulfillment ... Otherwise shipping for just the Core Game from the USA is 65 dollars +VAT in EU and other Fees in other countries... Yeah.... It's crazy.... Thanks so much for for giving me the opportunity to clear this question up! We really appreciate your support! :) If you have any more questions don't hesitate to ask!!! -Chris @Craig! Absolutely! Never hesitate to ask anything! We really appreciate that you're here with us on our Adventure! :) Thanks so much for your support! @Kevin Thanks so much for being a part of our Adventure! :) @Sully Thanks so much! It's Posted!!! see below! @Craig: Very Cool and Interesting Ideas for sure... Only issues I'd foresee are more time added into the game and more complexity of gameplay... One of our goals is not to Dumb Down the Game... however, we still want it to be easy enough to learn so that all gamers can enjoy... I do like, and have definitely been thinking about the idea of Sacrificing Dice and Sacrificing Attribute Bonus Tokens for Dice Re-Rolls... however, there's always the major possibility of complicating the game and creating issues and other FAQ problems where the understanding of mechanics becomes unclear. So, my job, is to find the happy balance between both... which I feel as though we've attained! But I am Never opposed to any suggestions !!! :) So Thanks so much and keep brainstorming! The Thread is on BGG right here: <url>#14217057 Thanks! @Sully: Great Point! Absolutely.... it has it can certainly be challenging (all depending on how the tests are created) and has definitely been Playtested! :) @Craig #5 Lastly, And Once Again, thanks for bringing this subject up... because it's honestly great to get a chance to talk about these balancing mechanics!!! Thanks :) Commenting on Customizability of Difficulty Level: The Scenarios have 2 sides and the objectives have 2 sides... hard and normal... the longer you are in the tomb and the more you have to explore and discover... the more chance of running into a Trap or Huge Monsters! The harder the difficulty the more probability you'll have of getting killed or fleeing the tomb. It also becomes much harder to complete the objectives in the game before the Comet Track is completed! :) Please let me know if you have any more questions about this Topic! I am going to open a BoardGameGeek.com Forum about Game Mechanics and Balancing! :) Thanks so much Craig! -Chris @Craig #4 In the Video, it shows the Player actually using more than 1 audacity to Pass that particular roll... see Video " 19:10 "Yes, they were able to gain more Successes... however it took 2 audacity and then was able to gain 3 successes out of 5 dice... which was Great! But it still took 2 audacity and the Game was certainly not over. Also, he's rolling 5 dice and he's a combat oriented character which definitely helps... Keep in mind, we're playing the Normal mode of the game with 6 players and we're showing examples of combat and such... Continued... @Craig #3 Audacity: "Audacity" is an Attribute-Like Stat that every character starts the game with X number of Audacity Points.. these can be SPENT to Re-Roll ALL of the Dice (Not just 1 die or Specific Dice) But All... Therefore, the Probability of Passing and Failing any Given roll is Equal... The audacity just gives you another chance. Audacity also can be used to UP the Percentage Chance you have to Pass! This can be prior to rolling to allow Success on a 4,5,or 6 for the Remainder of that Particular Challenge. This is a great way to use Audacity. However, keep in mind... Audacity is LIMITED and each time you use it, it is gone. Audacity can be "Found" in the game as a reward... however it is generally not Replenished by Resting or anything like that... Continued... @Craig #2 More about Attribute rolls for Story and Exploration: Sometimes certain challenges will require you to roll more than 1 pass.... such as 2 passes for a specific test... this makes that test more challenging.... There are ways in the game to Gain and Lose Attribute scores as well... with the use of items, artifacts, doing adventures and misadventures (story cards), exploration... this is all in the game and helps characters build up as they progress through the game... however, these are not guaranteed... Continued... @Craig: Hey! Thanks for the Comment! Let's go through this a bit...So... When Rolling for an Attribute Test (I.E. Strength, Dexterity, Knowledge, and Faith) You roll dice = the number of attribute. The highest any Core Set Characters start with is a 5 on any given attribute... and some have certain Attributes, lowest can be a 1. Just like in real life, there are people who are VERY Skilled and Talented Physically... and some very talented Mentally... as so it is in Secrets of the Lost Tomb: Most of the time, characters rolling for attributes will be rolling an average of 2-3 dice for an Exploration Roll or for a Story Card roll... Continued... @Arto You've Pledged for the Adventure of a Lifetime!!! :) Thanks for joining us on this expedition! @Grouik OH! I get it! COOL ... we should play it On BGG! :) @Catlion I am waiting to test one out... the GripMat folks are sending one over... Yes... about Shipping we are working with Amazon Fulfillment or an Equivalent Fulfillment Shipper... so our shipping and VAT will help you out and be EU Friendly :) @Grouik You mean like a Video Game ??? @Kevin: Thanks! LOL... I thought you guys would get a kick out of it! :P @Kevin thanks so much for sharing! Every share helps the project grow! @Joseph yes indeed... Interlocking is not needed for play... However... In games like Wrath of ashardalon... Its nice to be able to move the tiles to adjust the game and also to be able to keep the tomb together when the table is jarred! ;) Thanks for the comments!!! We appreciate your support sir!!! @Jason don't worry about the minis delaying anything :) that won't be a problem... Let's hit that Stretch Goal!!! However once again, gripmats would be out of my control. Interlocking tiles and overall game products are in our control. Thanks for the comments!!! @GripMat Lovers: Also...please keep in mind that the GripMat is a specific size or use more than 1 GripMat... we are Most Likely doing Interlocking Tiles "like puzzle pieces" so that the Tiles won't go ajar during play but connected pieces can be easily adjusted! Keep in mind that There would really not be much of a use for GripMat when we go with interlocking Tiles... it might actually hinder the adjustment of the Tomb according to its growth and it's customizability. I will keep you all informed as to any new developments! :) Thanks again for your help and suggestions! We can't do this without You! :) @GripMat Lovers: I am talking to the GripMat folks and I'll be playtesting one this upcoming week... However, please keep in mind... Everything Epic Games does not make the GripMat... so because of that, we can't guarantee anything about the GripMat ... so for the time being please do not expect a GripMat or anything about getting a GripMat as an Add-On or anything.... I don't want anyone to get the Wrong Idea or to be Let Down or Disappointed! We at Everything Epic Games can only control the Quality, the Shipping, the Production and Manufacturing of things We make. Since this is our first game on Kickstarter... we want everything to be Perfect and of the Highest Quality and we want to be able to put our name behind what we do... :) Thanks so much everyone for your amazing support!!! @Nancy Yes indeed... Most will be available at the regular retail prices later (no zombie Apocalypse or other kickstarter Exclusives that might come up) thanks for your comment!!! @Takapa Thanks so much! Glad you Enjoyed it!!! :) @Stefan: Indeed! I definitely understand... we certainly discussed this point and we came to the conclusion that the video would become 2 hours long to really give you a FULL game with Explanation ... which is something we might consider once the game is released for a Full all out tutorial... For now this is a gameplay video ... a sampling of what the game is like... However if you'd like to discuss cooperative Strategies... I'm happy to create a Forum on the BoardGameGeek.com Page and discuss there! Q&A :) I'll go make that Forum now! Good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. It does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. Plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. Shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)? @ Karsten Spreen: Hey! My players sometimes make things look easy.. However, the Dice Loved them! :P Keep in mind one HUGE Thing... you ONLY succeed on a 5 or a 6 ... that's only a 33% chance per die... The Max Bonus Die is +3 for Allies... and you only get this bonus if you "Outnumber the Monsters in the Room" This bonus is given when the Players are more than monsters in the room... therefore if it's 3 allies VS 2 Monsters, the players only get +1... also they were playing the "Normal Side" of the starter scenario... Also, there's the Comet Track which if the objectives are not complete by the time the Comet Track is finished... the players would have had an early visit by Rhaz Azul... So Basically... there are a lot of factors to consider... and LOTS of Customizability ... they were playing 6 players ... so for more of a Challenge... you may want to do the Hard Side of the Scenario and normal Objectives... or Vice Versa.. etc... there are lots of options when ramping difficulty for players in the Tomb! few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does EOP member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed EU to EU for us Euros to avoid customs/VAT costs etc 3) what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly @Barry Morgan 1) The Eternal Order of Perseus is the Society all of the Characters are in... and also the section of the Rulebook that the Backers will be under if they supported us Adventurer Level and Above 2) I am corresponding with Amazon Fulfillment and Getting that Answer... but from what I've seen on other Kickstarters, YES ... VAT is knocked off for the EU and you wont have to worry about it because we pay that cost. Our full intention is to be using Amazon Fulfillment! 3)We have "Age 13 and up" on the box... however... Think of Indiana Jones, Tomb Raider, and The Mummy... Think about if your Kids find those too scary and that should give you a good gauge... About complexity... the Reading level is moderate ...so very young children might need an Adult or a bit of an Older Student to read the cards and help with the scenario. However, this Game is an Excellent Reading Practice tool for Reluctant Readers! :) "Nice video. Explains quite a bit about the game. After watching I'm still not sure how movement works. The video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. Was this to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table?" Scott Sinelli: Hey! Movement is quite simple! Basically the character sheet has a movement number for each character and for 1 Action, you may move Up To that many movement. Each Tile costs 1 movement. When you Explore a New Tile, find a new room and draw one from the Tile Stack, this stops your movement for that turn. The exploration action is a part of Movement in a sense where you're only spending 1 action to move and explore... however, if you have lots of movement and you move only 1 through a new door... you don't get the remaining movement points... your movement stops. :) Thanks for the comment. Hope that helps! @Maken X: Yes indeed ... you will need some space for this game... Sometimes depending on how far you decide to explore you'll open up alot of rooms etc... of course when you play with less players, it takes up a bit less space. This video shows a FULL Game for your enjoyment! :) @Sully : The Video is Up there! Feel free to comment there and I will respond to you over there if you'd prefer! :) And I'm happy to hear any and all suggestions which I will sincerely take into real consideration! Thanks so much! I agree that small rule ideas could potentially help and as I've said before... I can't do this without YOU guys! So thanks so much and thanks for the comment! "1 question about the courage : You said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? I thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no? 1 remark : For visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. Just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get." @Grouik: Question:Yes: if a Monster has a 2 courage you would only gain +1 Back... in video I used an Odd number to explain the idea and concept of "Rounding Up" ;) Sorry if it confused you a little... I wanted to show the rounding up idea and concept. Remark: That is an excellent observation and I honestly will take that into consideration! We haven't found really any issues with the back and just passing the monster around... however.. we could certainly draw from the bottom of the monsters just like the Story card deck :) Thanks for your Comments! @Alvaro Very interesting observation... Very Glad you ENJOYED! :) We created the rules in this way to keep gameplay streamlined as well as moving along in a quick manner ... I definitely see your point for sure and I will take it into consideration and I definitely understand what you're saying about monsters attacking and moving towards specific or "Random" players... but my justification is: Because it's a Cooperative Game: the Players will Scream and Yell, Taunt and Attack the Monster that they want to be able to defend other players... This is a way to give the players a bit more freedom while ultimately helping to streamline gameplay for players overall... Each added dice roll, even though it seems quick and easy... believe it or not... adds time and more mechanics to the game! However! In Regard to Competitive Mode: That's where what you're saying comes into play! Monster's definitely will be moving toward weaker and sometimes random opponents! This is because the other players are NOT helping that player and therefore the Monster's have more of a mind of their own! ;) Wonderful Points sir! I appreciate your Support and Kind Words! Thanks so much! We can't do this without you! Yes indeed! Hope you Enjoy! :) It's HERE!!! Uploaded and ready!!! Enjoy! <url>"Stretch Goal Unlocked" you guys are awesome!!! Ya gotta Love 13 don't ya? Lucky 13!!! JUDAS! Rofl! @Grouik Indeed! He's a Workhorse! We're not a Huge Team... but we're a good one! :) Hey Kevin! I added the Backer Badges to the Bottom of the Main Page... Also guys.. I created some NEAT .GIF files for BGG for Secrets of the Lost Tomb... if anyone wants one.. feel free to email me directly and I'll email you the 3 Gifs I created :) Secret Societies, Character Montage, The Tomb, and Secrets of the Lost Tombs Symbol ... <email> :) @Brio : Sorry about that! I will add them into the Main Front page asap! Thanks! @Brio check update #6... They are in there!!! Thanks so much for your support!!! @brio hey.. Yes we made backer badges... They are in the updates... Ill tell you which one @Kevin thanks so much for the awesome support!!! We can't do this without you!!! So glad we're almost at the next Stretch!!!! @Grouik lol... @Alvaro Absolutely!!!! Thanks so much! We certainly don't want you to rate the game unless you're sure about what you want to rate it!!! ;) no pressure on any of it... We appreciate all of your help so much! Thank you! Thanks for the Hard work Ninjace!!! Lol Igor... :P Lol... That wasn't Rhaz Azul... HEY.... Count Dracula ... Who Let you into the Tomb?!!? Check out this New Article on <url>" ;) @Grouik Have no Fear! EEG is here! We will work are Epic Butts off to make sure everything is great for YOU ... The Best Backers in the World! :) @Scott Sinelli Not At All Scott! I honestly REALLY appreciate you bringing it up here because it's something I wanted to talk about with the backers and I really love how people are discussing it back and fourth! It's really important IMO for us to hear what backers have to say about the Tiles as it's one of the most important parts of our game! We do care! And we want to see people love them! I dont anticipate any production Delays because of Tile design or Quality problems because We will make SURE that they work and are properly prototyped before they are Printed! :) @Grouik .....*Squish* ..... @Grouik ROFL!!!! No no.... It will be here much sooner than That! ... But the Mummy's Curse is HERE NOW!!!! MUAhahahahahAHAHAHHAAHAA... "Look into my eyes... and Become my Slave... I have lived for Thousands of Years and I shall Live for Thousands More!" -- Rhaz Azul, The Immortal... The Pharaoh with the Blue Eyes @Alvaro Im dying over here too! Seriously! haha... Ninjace has been working on it NON-STOP for this entire week... It's about 25mins of Pure Preview! A full out FULL 6 Player game where we show many important aspects of the game! :) He told me Late last night that it should be coming Later today! Sorry for the Delay! We really want it to be AMAZING for you guys! We want you to really enjoy it and get a lot out of it! :) Thanks so much for your understanding and patience with this process. @Grouik Great Observations!!! We are using basically the same size as I've been saying 3.5 X3.5 inch tiles... The actual Interlockers we're working on trying to create a New "Condensed Version" if possible to prevent them from breaking or becoming scuffed and chipped... We're also looking at using a Linen Finish on the Tiles making them more Durable and much more easily dealt. The Drizzt/D&D game Tiles are certainly one of our inspirations where they are and must be, Uniform on all sides... because every time must be the same size to be random... so we just need to perfect the exact locking part so that it's not too tight... not too loose... and is durable! @All Talking About Tiles: Nice Discussion Folks! Definitely would love to hear more about any issues you'd foresee with Interlocking Tiles... because as of right now... It seems like most people would like them! So we want to keep that going and I want to get some Samples ready for your Viewing soon! :) @Karsten You can Actually just "Message" the Project creator personally without actually pledging! So feel free to reach out to them! @Maken X Yes a GripMat could potentially be nice... We are going to look at it and we are also Highly considering the Interlocking Tiles... If we go with Interlocking, The GripMat probably becomes Redundant... :) Thanks for the comment! @Sully... My Thoughts Exactly! Thanks for the Comment!!! Keep Em Coming Folks! :) I really wanna know what Everyone Thinks! Thanks All! @Backers Hey all! We've been working on some great prototypes of the interlocking tile designs and we will share some design ideas soon (Pictured soon) I've actually been corresponding With Gripmat... Nice people... Ill let you know what happens with that soon too... However we still love interlocking tiles which are great especially when you want to move where a piece of the tomb to another part of the table... Slide all parts together. Keep discussing... I really want to hear what everyone thinks because it's a really important topic for the game component ease of use. @Sean Russell Thanks so much for Sharing with your Friends!!! The Video is Coming Very soon! We really want you to be able to have a good opportunity to experience the game in the best way we can! I look forward to hearing what you think about interlocking once you've seen the Video! Vault Updates are coming soon! We are hard at Work on it...We gave such a Big Giant DOUBLE Tomb Expansion in the First Vault Unveiling that It's taking a little time to catch up :P However, we promise it will be worth the Wait! Thanks so much for your support! We really appreciate it and We can't do this without you! @Grouik We Hopeth So! We want to really push as quickly through the stretch goals as possible.... We also want to add more cool things to the Vault... :) @Scott GREAT Questions!!! The Tiles in the Photos are similar size... (Prototype Game) however, the Size might change in the final product... We are highly considering Posting a Poll / Survey to our Backers about doing Interlocking Tiles! I know I personally really love Interlocking Tiles... What Do you think about Interlocking Tiles? @Greatlich I put up a LARGE Tomb Pic (Outdoors) for everyone to Check out... Here's the Link: <url>"Grooovy!" lol... I'm definitely a Fan! We will certainly be looking into a Necronomicon Influenced world! We're also looking into having a Blog/Forum where Players and Fans can submit and create ideas for Scenarios and we can potentially Work with players on creating the Scenario Scripts of their Dreams! :) If anyone has cool ideas about Forums or Blogs like that feel free to let me know what you think about that idea! :) @Holley Yes Indeed! The entire Level 3 of the Tomb is of an Asian Influence! (China, India, Etc...) So we are definitely delving into the Asian World of Mythology. @Christian HEY! We actually have a Pirate Ship (Sunken) in one of our tiles... in the "Lake of Cam Picchu" ... We certainly have Lots of Tile ideas!!! :) About Antarctica: We so far are on a tropical Island in the Atlantic that goes down to the depths of the earth to Atlantis hidden under the Tomb... However... there may be a way for us to get to an ICY world :P We will have to consider it for sure... also, keep in mind, we've created a Game System... therefore, we have many possibilities for Future game titles and expansions :) It would be awesome to fight a Yeti / Wendigo right? If anyone ever has a suggestion, comment, request, please message me or comment here... Because we honestly care about what you think and what you want. Your suggestions are very valuable to us as we are always striving to become better and make our games the best we can for you! @Holly... Thanks so much! But honestly... You guys truly are the Best Backers In The World!!! I don't see you as just a bunch of random people... I see you as respected Gamers, peers, and producers... What you WANT, is honestly what we want... Out company quote is "Of the gamer, by the gamer, and for the gamer!" Because we can't do this without YOU! ;) @S2 Adventures Thank you very much! We are Ultra Excited! It only keeps getting BETTER! :) @McBain Thank you so much for your support! LOL Butters?!?! haha Freeze you in the Snow! We promise this will be worth the wait! Well Everyone! Looks like Lady Rocket has JOINED THE TEAM! @Grouik LOL... Just saying that I appreciate all of you amazing Backers! :) @Grouik Yes! But all of you are my heroes! ;) @Triplash Awesome! Gotta love when you can relate with characters! Yeah ... Lady Rocket has a very cool background story and is a valuable member of the Eternal Order of Perseus! @Holly Keas Yes! We're almost there! :) @Maken X ahah... Percy Jackson Definitely a fan! :) @christian Thor 's Hammer has always been on our minds... Let me see what I can do... Hah ha @mcbain what's "Bainweed"? Lol Love your ideas Holly!!!! Hey All! Just a friendly reminder to hop on BoardGameGeek.com and post comments on our Pictures... If you can post a few that's great... If you can post on em all and thumbs up em all ... Thats AMAZING! We're at #1 On the Hotness List and we want to stay there as long as possible... This will help us get to our Stretch Goals and Get to those Miniatures!!! Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! @rad maybe we can have a Netflix hangout online and all watch a movie (like Indiana Jones) at the same time... Like a Google hang out or something hahaha @grouik no problem;) Thanks for the comment and for helping to spread the word! @Grouik they're actually the same videos as here :P haha Those would be amazing!!! I will have to start writing the Screenplay Immediately :) You guys write the Best Comments in here lol @BrimstoneTrollMike ROFL! Hah! That would be Fantastic! :P Pulp Action Serial :) Honestly... this content would make excellent TV Series / movies :) @Grouik Absolutely!!! I am a huge fans of TONS of games! That's the best thing about Board Games... It's fun to have a huge variety! :) @Grouik Check out his Website <url>"pre painted miniature" sets (Similar to how Arkham Horror does it) where people who love Pre-painted minis can obtain them :) I will certainly keep you all informed as I learn new things! @christian Ditto... Thanks for the continued support!!! So excited!!! @realm master Thank you!!! We can't do this without you!!! You backers are amazing !!! @Glen when we hit the goal we will make all Minis that are for all packs! Base game will come with character minis for core characters... And we will make minis for all bosses which will come separately... However... Glory Seeker gets all Minis :) @alvaro just like Christian said... You get a survey at the end of the campaign. You will be able to add on any add ons then too ;) Thanks for the comment Thanks so much everyone... YOU'RE THE BEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! ;) you guys are awesome!!! @Triplash Thanks so much for your support! LOL "Sir Not Appearing in this Board Game" haha.... Thanks for checking us out on BGG... Please leave Comments on the Pics on BGG! We love to hear what you think! :) @Karsten thanks so much for joining the Hunt! :) @Grouik On BGG? That's to show the Characters we've created... However, Fear Not! I have faith that we will make it through the stretch goals to get everyone all the great characters! :) The Stretch Goal Characters will be Included in the Base Game :) @Scott Sinelli Yes Indeed... The base game comes with 8 Characters, (2) The Female Characters are Bianca Sinclair and Libby Villa ... We have two more Females (Heidi DuPont and Lady Rocket) in our stretch goals and we will also be including a lot more characters in our Adventure Packs! (They have not yet been revealed because they are connected to the Legendary Pledge level backers) @Christian LOL.... Santa's "Clause" the Reindeer from the Deep and the Atlantian Elves ... The Holiday Pack :P (Note: These are Just Jokes for now... however... in the event they go Viral ... well.... LOL) @Snowren24 Indeed!!! Thank you so much for Joining our Expedition! Prepare for the TOMB! :) @Greatlich Just a Kiss away from getting to that "Barbarossa's Barbary" Adventure Set!!! :) Lets get there!! :) I believe in you guys! You're the greatest! @BristoneTrollMike Yes Indeed! Thanks! We're very thankful for everyones support! :) @Rad Yes Indeed! Let's get Us funded so we can get those Characters and get those Boss Monsters made for all to enjoy! :) @Rad Yes Indeed... I'm a Backer of his Project.. It looks very cool! :) I try to support as many projects as I can! :) @Joe Passingham It's because of you guys! :) Thank you! @Maken X : It's because of YOU amazing Backers that we were able to do this! @Everyone!!!! "Yo Rhaz Azul!!! We DID IT!" :) #1 Hotness of BoardGameGeek Fame! :) Wonderful Excellent Amazing Tremendous, Stupendous... Well I could keep going... but you get the idea! You guys are out of this world awesome! Thank you so much for your help! May we stay on top today and for the remainder of the campaign and Beyond! :) Thanks so much guys! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! @Adam Thanks so much for joining the Adventure! We appreciate your help in joining our expedition! We can't do this without you! :) How's everyone doing? We're at 89% !!! You guys are really doing great! Thanks for doing so much for this campaign! @grouik... Rofl... Indeed... The pirate set must be completed!!! ;) let's do this! I know you guys can do it ;) @ McBain indeed... Thank you so much for your support... We Can't do this without you!!! Thanks everyone for your amazing Support! :) Let's keep it going !!! Yo Ho, Yo Ho, a Funded Life For Us! :) @Grouik and Rad Yes you're right... KS Does not allow any contests on Kickstarter :) Thanks for the Comments! :) @Grouik and Rad: Our Plan (SPOILER ALERT) is to have an official BGG Contest towards the End of the Campaign! :) We will certainly update you when we do launch it! :) @Grouik .... Indeed Landlubbers! See "One if by Land... Two if By Sea" :P The Kraken is there! Reaching out to more Publications and then Posting them on Kicktraq can help! :P @Grouik Most Definitely! Feel Free to send me a message with any ideas you have! Let's make this happen! I'll have to see about Richard Launius of Arkham Horror Fame! :) I'm definitely posting on Facebook Alot... Please Like Everything Epic Games on Facebook <url>"The Lake of Cam Picchu" and "The River Styx" and also we have the new Atlantis Level! :) (There are also a couple more as well) @Grouik The Eternal Order or Perseus symbol is the Profile Face of Perseus Himself! See This Link: <url>"The Eternal Order of Perseus" It's all a part of the Game's Storyline and also what you'll be listed as in the Rulebook under the backer Section! :) See the FAQ for more info :) Thanks so much for the question! @Christian... Sexiest Backer Ever Award?! The "SBE" Award? ... lol... what did you have in Mind? @Shadowbooth Thank you for your Support!!! We can't do this without you!!! @Kevin Thanks so Much for backing at Legendary! We will certainly work with you to Create the Character of your Dreams! Looking forward to it!!! :) @Maken and Christian: Well well my friends.... Please keep in mind that The Meridian of Medusa is the upper floor of the Tomb.... the area INSIDE of the Pyramid Eye Section that the Green Glowing Light comes out of on top! This area is Filled with Secret Societies and even more Mysterious Treasures that are going to really help Scratch that National Treasure Itch! I'm Definitely a big Fan of the National Treasure franchise and I look forward to a sequel... I will Certainly consider thinking up some Scenario Scripts for that type of adventure feel (Set in the Pulp-Era of course) Keeping the continuity Going! ;) @Tom Check this Update for More Info! <url>"Hotness Activated..." WOO ... You guys are AWESOME!!! :) I knew it! ;) (And Harvey Dent! ... But Mostly You Backers! ) :P We Can Do This!!! I believe in you! @Greatlich Update Just In! :) <url>"Plan B" for everyone :) I'll be posting that update soon! Fear Not! We Care about our Backers very Much and we Will never let you Down! ;) You Guys Did an AMAZING JOB Today... BGG Support, Good amount of Backers! and Really FUNNY Comments on those BGG Pics! LOL! Lets Keep that momentum going! :) Hahah! Indeed! I know how that is for sure! AKA "SoB" lol..... But anyway... We can't wait for you to see the Gameplay Video this weekend (Posting Approx. Sun) and you'll see what we mean about our passion! :) @Tom Hoefle Well Done Sir! It Will Only get Better and Better as the Campaign Goes On! :) Black Friday 9 Hours Left with 37 More Backers needed for Promotion 1! @Greatlich Indeed! The Black Friday Promo is going on NOW! Tell your friends to come on over and help push us over the top! :) Let's try to get us fully funded today and get this Black Friday Promo Set to Everyone! @Rad Thank you! :) @Robert EOP means the "Eternal Order of Perseus" which is the Society that all of the characters are members of! This is all a part of the story and a part of the background of the game.. Basically the Order is a group of Protectors and a Shield for Humanity against powers that are too much or too dangerous to be let out into the world! (Sorta like the Men in Black and the Librarian if they were all connected to Ancient Greece and the legend of Medusa and their arch-nemesis are the Draconians of the Drakkus Brotherhood! :) An addition to the mythos of the world and civilizations and legends that we know and love... reborn! Also, you will be put in the rulebook as a member of the Eternal Order of Perseus as well! (For Backing) :) Thanks so much for your Comment! We really appreciate your support! We can't do this without you! @Joe! Fear Not! We will make sure that you and all of our backers will get even more incentives as the campaign goes on... This is only the start of the 5th day active... we have even more in the next 39 days that we want to share with you... the best backers in the world!!! Thanks so much for your support! :) We can't do this without you! @Grouik There are times when You'll want to Work together to defeat a Monster... when you're a room with a Monster and you outnumber the Monster, each character gets a bonus to combat! If you go out separate, You'll be able to explore more and cover more ground... it might be risky... but it helps open up more of the Tomb faster, and usually gets more objectives complete quicker! (But again ... can be dangerous but also very FUN :) @Paolo & Others, Also make sure you comment on all of the pictures (Even if you just say a couple quick words) That helps get the game even more noticed. :) The comments are some of the most important part! Thanks very much! I want to get you guys these awesome Black Friday Adventures! Lets do this! @Grouik There are a decent amount of actions (To keep it interesting and to give players control over their characters) However, once we have the gameplay videos up, we think you'll have a much better sense over how the gameplay will flow with the actions. There are certainly a good number of symbols which help to make the game even more user-friendly and fast paced. It allows players to "at a glance" know what Attribute to roll or what card to draw... etc... This, once again, will make sense, once we have the video up and you see the flow of the game (we also will be including player reference cards with the game to help players with learning the symbols... once again, we've been doing our best to make them as easy to learn as possible! :) Thanks so much for the comment and questions! We really appreciate it!!! Can't do this without you! @Joe Passingham Thank You Very Much! Update Coming Soon for our Black Friday Promotion Special! Stay Tuned! I'll be posting an Update with lots of Info on ways you'll be able to Help us Promote the game and help us get closer to getting Miniatures made and in your games! Getting all the info out! It's some very tantalizing new material... I believe you'll all enjoy! @Maken X We're Still working on it! It's going to take some time to get the answer on Pre-Painted Minis as an option! : ) @Paolo Passafaro Yes Paolo, all of those items are already available in the "Add-On Menu" near the bottom of the Kickstarter Main Page. Thanks for the Question!!! @Paolo! We are working hard to get even more great art!!! Not all artwork is final... As you can tell, artwork is extremely important to us... So I hope you can understand that since this is a very high powered artwork game that it takes some time to get each and every piece ;) I hope you really love the art :) Thanks for your comment!!! @rad @christian My observation is probably, since they're in Spain, they couldn't get the information about their license to Kickstarter quick enough for proper approval.... Its a tough franchise... Im certainly a fan... Enjoy the old school and new school ;) @Grouik: Yes Indeed! George Patsouras is the main Portrait Artist for characters and we are also using a lot of other talented artists for Monsters like (Rhaz Azul and Herathulhu, the Forsaken King and more!) Room tiles and other great artwork is being done by Jim Samartino (Ninjace) one of our Partners here at EEG. @Grouik The Main Cooperative Story Mode part of the game is like watching a New Adventure movie every time you play... (The Tomb is basically in a time and space vortex, so every time you go there and stop the Evil from being released the Tomb Resets itself) Meaning when you choose a new adventure script it is a whole new adventure into the tomb with it's own new layout, new order and objectives (double sided) and it's own Boss Monster! The Achievement System is more for the Competitive (not cooperative mode) where you go and destroy monsters, complete story cards, and successfully find great items and artifacts and get out of the tomb before Time Runs out!!! I will try to get a Character Work-Up on the Main Campaign characters for everyone ASAP! Thanks so much for your comments! We really appreciate it! @Grouik! Rules PDF is being completed for artwork, layout, and graphic design. We are working very hard to make sure the rules are extremely well laid out and easy to understand. (This is very important to us so we dont want to rush it) Replayability: Yes indeed! Definitely check out the FAQ on Replayability where I say a little more) but to answer your question about the Adventure Scripts, there are 4 in the base game that will be "Double Sided" One side is Normal side and the other side is the "HARD" side... If you look at the examples of the scripts, you will see up-close that they have "Boxes" with text... The boxes are to be filled in with "Objective Cards" which are randomly selected every game. Also for some adventures you might have to do some things in order, where for others you might be able to do them in any order. All of the Monsters spawn randomly and so do the Room Tiles! So it has lots of replayability. We also include competitive modes which allow you to use the game in other ways because of it's versatility. And just as you mentioned, there are lots of extra scripts that we have created and that we will continue to make for the game :) Thank you so much for pledging! We really appreciate it! We can't do this without you! Thanks so much for your comments and questions! @Christian Thanks very much! I posted a bunch more... they just haven't been approved by admin yet... Thanks again all! @Greatlich Thanks Very much! Definitely going to do our best! And about Gameplay Video we are certainly going to do the Gameplay Video! We want to really have it the best it can possibly be to really teach you the game and highlight the game rounds, game phases, combat, scenarios/objectives, characters, and much more! Coming ASAP! @Greatlich Yes ... We have some similarities indeed! The Vault and the stretch goals are all included! There's a lot of content now and it will continue to grow with the project :) @Jonathan - Yes indeed sir! Things happened so fast on the first day... we are doing the best we can to get this content out as quickly as possible! Thanks so much for understanding! We created the $235 Level specifically for reasons and cases like your own! The Vault of Perseus will continue to get better... Even the regular base price is a great value and will only get better!!! :) Thanks so much for backing and for supporting us! We really appreciate it and we can't do this without you! Thanks for being the best!!! @Paolo Passafaro, Thank you so much! George did a wonderful job on our characters! With "The Legendary" pledge we are having George do the artwork for all of the Backer characters too! :) Also in regard to Minis... They are going to be Varied.. I will be posting more characters Up-Close as the Campaign Progresses... some of them might be in action poses etc... but many of them are to be similar to their character Portraits. The Proportion of Tiles to Minis will work well... when we post the Gameplay Video, you'll have the opportunity to see the Tomb a bit more Up-Close and Personal :) Thanks so much for the Comments! @Rad (Sent a New Update with Updated Profile Pics!) @christian Thanks so much for the awesome Suggestions! We are Indeed on BGG ... I am working right now to get a ton of Photos uploaded on BGG... <url>"Every 113 Years..." haha! Thanks so much! You're the best backers in the world! (Now we need another 113 .. the next coming of the Gorgon's Head Comet and the Tomb!!!) Lets get in that Tomb and get this Adventure Rolling like a HUGE BOULDER!!! :) @jdadams1 I hope that Helps!!! Thanks Again for the Great Questions! @jdadams1 Excellent Questions! I Preface with this is an extremely Exciting Point for me so I am going to put this in the actual FAQ of the Kickstarter because it’s rather Long for Comments Section! But I’ll also copy here for your convenience! Replayability and Versatility are one of our main focus points of the game design for our game system... Just to give you an idea... Each Scenario Script is broken up in to "Scenes" which are those boxes in the Example Pictures in the Adventure Packs that you see... The game comes with a deck of "Objective Cards" which will be randomly shuffled and then dealt out on top of those locations... Each objective card gives a specific set of requirements needed to complete... Such as... "Explore 5 Rooms on Level 2" ... or "Defeat 3 Monsters on Level 1 and Search 1 Red Room" These Objectives, when completed are removed from the scenario card and hidden beneath is the Flavor Text and story progression that you read aloud after completing it. Depending on the scenario script you will have a different number of Objectives, different order in which they're to be completed, and different Scene Set-Up each time... Additionally, Each Script is DOUBLE SIDED! There is a Normal Difficulty and a HARD difficulty which will have some variation in Time of Gameplay, amount of objectives, Some Story Points might differ, as well as the overall difficulty and pacing of the game. Also, most Tomb Monsters are randomized in a Card-Based system, so when you’re exploring, or when a Tomb Card Spawns a new Monster, you never know what you’re going to get! Another thing, when you're exploring the tomb, every tile is Random (except the Starting Tiles that are always there from set-up) Also, Some Special Story Cards (Adventure/Misadventure cards) have “Secret Quests” sort of a Side Quest on the back that you will acquire while playing the game… these side quests help mix it up a bit while accomplishing the main story… you can sort of go off the main path “If you dare!” and try to acquire some big bonuses and rewards by defeating extra monsters… searching rooms… etc… And the Characters! Each character is very Diverse! Trying the game with different characters is going to make a big change in the strategy (depending on players etc…) You will see a lot of this and MORE in the Gameplay Video, which we want to have up here this weekend (ASAP!) Last but not least… We’ve created some new Modes of Play and also have some New Modes, which we’d like to add with our stretch goals, which will help give the game some new directions to go in… We have an Optional Competitive Mode currently that is played off of a Point Based Achievement System… and some other very interesting other Competitive Modes that will really add much more replay-ability and diversity to the game! @Sean and Sixpence Thanks for watching my back... The Tomb really can just swallow you up sometimes... You never know when you might ... FALLLL! Lol... such a weird glitch though... I emailed Kickstarter to Check into in just in case... I re-uploaded those Pics Manually to get them back to normal. Again.. Thanks for the Heads up Sean! Hey All! That was a really weird Glitch.. I did an update on the page and it changed my profile Picture and the Project Main Picture! Please let me know if you see anything else weird or out of place! Thank you!!! Should be Fixed now... But my Creator Pic is now the same too! Weird!!! Must be the Power of the Tomb!!!! @ Sean That is SO Weird!!! Thanks ... I'm trying to Figure it out now! @Greatlich Thank you very much! We will continue to work as hard as we can for all of You! It's all about You ... The Best Backers in the World! :) Thanks so much for all of your support! We can't do this without you! @Rad @jdadams1 Indeed! It is a Cooperative Game with its Main Story Coop Mode! We also have some other additional competitive modes of play that work a bit differently... These things will certainly be cleared up with the Videos that we are adding soon! Thanks for the Comments Rad! @Thad I can see where you're coming from with that... The Pledge Level Pictures show the "All 4 Adventure Packs" that you get in brackets... However, if you find this confusing, I will review and see if I can make it potentially more clear! Thanks for your suggestions! As always, I appreciate your comment Thad! @jdadams1 Thanks for the great Question! The Main Cooperative Mode of Play does not have Player Elimination exactly... basically, you work together to explore the tomb and complete objectives and progress through the story... There may be times when a player's character will be defeated (Lose all HP) or Flee the Tomb (Lose all Courage to -10) In these cases, the player will be allowed to choose a new character from the Remaining Unused characters and enter the tomb to continue playing with their allies! If at any time there are no Characters remaining...OR if the Comet has reached the End Point and the Plot Twist has Triggered... then and only then will a player be completely eliminated (Usually in the Final Fight at the End of the Game). There are lots of items and abilities that help heal characters and even potentially resurrect them! Thanks for the Great Question!!! @Tahd The Journey to the Tomb is an Outdoor special oversized large tile that you can travel on (as a game additional option) from the Sea-Plane to the Tomb... with special unique outdoor events, encounters, and "Monsters" ( Things you'd find in a Jungle and more!) on the way... You might find useful items, or perhaps a Huge Tiger! ... You never know what you might come across!!! @Tahd Other add ons included. Also Everyone... we've received some feedback that some people could not hear sound on the Main Video! We've updated it! Please let me know if there's any more audio/video issues! Thanks!!!! The "Last Comment" was also @Sean Russell Thank you all for your Comments and Questions! They are very helpful! :) Lets keep it going! You're the greatest! @Thad In Regard to "Extra Stuff Mentioned" - The extras are going to be added Very Soon and They will be added to the Special Glory Seeker Add-On section... Separate from Stretch Goals... This will all make sense very soon once it's added... Sorry for the delay! But it will be worth the wait!!! @Thad and Others RE: Shipping. We are currently only adding $15 for Int. Backers for " Additional Core Game Add-On" Only. (Because of Size and Weight) This is now added to the Bottom of the Add-On List. @Rad Thank you so much!!! We can't do this without all of you wonderful Backers! You're all the best!!! :) @Thad We're doing everything in our power to keep shipping prices for our International Backers as low as possible! There's a lot of content going into this game ... it's going to be jam packed with Goodies! We're working hard to make sure that we keep these shipping costs down and the content that you all get UP! Thanks again Thad for your Comments and Observations! :) @Rad Yes! There is a Plan for BOTH! :) Rules and Gameplay Vid... Our Hope is to have the Gameplay Vid up this weekend... We want to show you a good amount of turns, combat, basically "How to Play" and how it feels to play the game! We want to make this video user friendly and easy to watch! We're working very hard to get this to you all asap! Hey All! We broke $13,000! Lucky 13!!! Now Let's get to $113,000! :) "...Every 113 years..." :) @Thad Thank you for your Observations! I will make a FAQ addition today to make that more clearly stated. We are mostly concerned about Core Game purchases understandably because of the weight and size of the game. Once again, Thanks for the comment Tahd! @John Wrot! Thank you very much sir!!! @Thad Inskepp Yes! We are adding a special Glory Seeker Stretch Goal zone for that special pledge level! Also in regard to shipping... Depending on the base level of your pledge... And the add ons you choose there Might be additional shipping if outside the US. For instance if you add on 1 core game and 3 Adventure packs and your original pledge is "The Adventurer" we may add on a small amount of extra shipping depending on your worldwide location. This is TBD depending on location and amount of add ons. Thank you so much for your questions!!! @Rad Yes Indeed! The EU shipping is included in the pledge that you've selected! We will be shipping from within the EU and other worldwide locations to help keep the shipping costs down! @Greatlich The Glory Seeker is Designed to be of a High Value with Tons of Goodies where you basically get it all in one... But the package is designed to just get Better! (We have some special surprise stretch goals that will effect the Levels... especially content in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level .... we are adding those to the stretch tier soon!) Thanks for the Questions! :) @Diana Thanks so Much! We Love The King's Armory! :) Thanks for Backing! @greatlich No... Those are just examples for the pledge levels... There will be special unique traps for the Trap pack and extended tomb pack... Those are just to show quantity and give backers an idea of what you're getting :) Thanks for the questions!!! @greatlich Thank you so much! We will not disappoint! Demo coming video very soon!!! @Brett Hertzberger : The miniatures are unlocked with the stretch goals! Glory Seeker comes with all miniatures (character and boss monster) other goals will get character minis only. When we hit the stretch goals we then be able to manufacture the miniatures! @s2 adventurers Thank you so much!!! Thank you Matt!!! Looking forward to gaming with you again very soon! Just hit 13 backers... LUCKY 13 now for 113! :) @maken X We are currently looking in to the pre painted miniatures as an additional option and we will update as soon as we know!!! We love painted minis too! Indeed! @Ninjace Production Studios! Yes Indeed... was very excited to see @Brian with his first Comment! And Ultra Excited to see your First Pledge! Thank you so much for your Support @Sixpence Games!!! Yeah! First Comment! Woo Hoo!!! I never receive the gripmat. It's frustrating. I contact you and you send me to contact the gripmat guy. I contact him and never receive answer. I think my money is loose... Hey Chris. Still havent got my gripmat here in Sydney. Should I be worried? @Chris - Thank you for staying on top of this, we appreciate you following up on the Australian deliveries. You'll be pleased to know my copy has arrived. Those are some big boxes :) And I didn't even get "everything". Now all I need is a table, and then I could possibly play ;) Hey All, Im in Perth and just got my boxes :) Some travel displacement but nothing appears broken. Very happy :) Quick question however - in regards to all the Kickstarter Exclusive type items: Is tgere supposed to be a specific box? Ive got the same retail boxes as Terry Chang listed (without the mispack) but it all looks impressively retail. I don't have time right now to open all the boxes and check but hope someone knows? Thanks again Chris, am really looking forward to playing this, it looks great! :) @Terry - I'm in Sydney, NSW. @kris no notification at all, which state you live in? @chris, I just sent the picture to your email. Please let me know if you got it. @Steψhen no it wasn't miniature pack, it's the expansion i am taking photo to send to chris Thanks for the responses. I'll just keep waiting... watching.... @Terry Chang Was the "Ancient Myths and Legends" a miniature pack? I ordered an extra unpainted set to go with the painted set go I guess they were miss packed (I paid to be a game character so was seeking an extra set). This would explain what’s happened. As below, I'm not chasing the extra set and will put it down to “kick starter” troubles that have occurred from time to time. @Adam Taylor From memory, my grip mat arrived around two months or so ago. I got the large four horseman one that was spectacular! @Kris Densley Mine also just turned up out of the blue - there was someone around to collect it so all was good for me. @kris. I didn't get a notification or anything from them. To all those Australians who received their packages - did you get any kind of shipping notification when it left Blue Tongue Games? Just curious as mine hasn't turned up yet (I'm in Sydney) and I haven't got any notification. i got my game, South Australia today. the only complain is same as others, the minis are all out of the inserts. i do have doubts on my pledge, i think i am missing something, can someone confirm a full list of what we should get from the glory seeker?? i receive 1 x core game 2 x Ancient Myths and Legends 1 x The Great Apocalypse 1 x Reign of Terror 1 x Passages and Perils 1 x dice pack 1 x The Great Apocalypse minis 1 x core adventurers minis 1 x Reign of Terror minis 1 x Ancient Myths and Legends minis 1 x core bosses i believe you send 2 packs of Ancient Myths and Legends by mistake and i am missing Atlantis: Mystery of the 13?? any thing else i am missing? Got my game today! Some of the models had fallen out but that's just travel troubles. Can't wait to get the group together to play a game or two. When are we getting the grip mat? My pre-painted version all inclusivee version turned up in Sydney. Happy with what I have received, paint job is pretty good for the money. I was a little disappointed the extra set of 'Ancient Myths and Legends Boss Creature and Adventurer Minis' ordered through the pre-painted Kickstarter did not turn up, I can live this this as I have lots of other minis still to paint. Finally got it! Hi Chris....received a delivery today which had the core box and 2 expansions (Ancient Myths and Legends and The Great Apocalypse) as well as the core adventurers. With my pledge I think I'm missing at least 2 more expansions plus the zombie one and whatever else was added on. Stephen! I say we meet up at your place and have a group game! Great news Steve... Can't wait Delivery guy doubled back and forgot the game box proper. Got my big 10kg packages full of everything properly now all good. Looks like shipping is indeed officially underway for us. I just got a package today here in south east Queensland that contained my Reign of terror, ancient myths and legends, and core bosses painted minis. I don't however have the actual game itself or anything. Those were literally the only things in the shipment. I was doubting a tracking number from them, let's all hope Steve gets his copy today so we have a rough idea how long everyone else will have to wait. Good call Chris, I won't be backing anyone who uses them in the future. I wouldn't bother Todd. They still haven't replied to my email a month ago. They are obviously the worst business ever... Or rude... Either way they suck donkey ballz and need to hurry the hell up. <url>"The best backers in the world." .... I have to say, I agree with this!!! Yes... They don't give us any schedule, or say who is fulfilling the pledges. Just more of the same "When we know, we will send another email." It feels a lot like stalling. You guys need to make this right to the Aus backers. Actual news other than, "We are still waiting to hear from (Insert different AU distributor 'GTG/Ship Naked/Blue tongue games' every time)" would be great. Who is actually distributing and what is their schedule? We should know this by now Chris. I'm sorry but this is getting ridiculous now... It may be time to get on a plane. Even New Zealand backers had theirs as of the 16th of LAST MONTH. There is 3 days to go in the 2nd Kickstarter after the rest of the world got theirs... After this I'm not even considering backing it. Not really feeling like, "The best backers in the world." Another week and still nothing in Australia. Phew! I got through everything. It looks like I had all the bits. The only issues were the Perseus companion confusion, and the fact that many of the cards don't have the appropriate expansion symbols in their lower right corners. I even managed to fit everything, miniatures included in the main game box. Of course, that box now weighs 50 lbs! (well, I had all the bits besides the missing minis, but Chris sent replacements for those months ago. Great customer service!) Ha! I found the "Avatar of Perseus" card. It's part of Expansion 1. So Tile Pack 2 assumes you own Expansion 1? It only says it requires the Core game... I found a component checklist (had saved the URL though I have no idea where I found that in the first place). It does mention the "missing" item cards. However, what's the story with the "Avatar of Perseus Companion Card" that Medusa's Meridian setup mentions. There's no sign of that card and no mention of it in the FAQ or component list. *something* being "avatar" or the like. Just don't have the rules in front of me atm. Thanks Chris. I'd seen that. An update from a while ago mentioned your website and there's a place for the FAQ there. I'd assumed it had been updated. In any case, you might want to update your site to include the link and Google Doc. Also... ... ... I'm finally inventorying all the game components. Yeah... haven't delved into much of the expansion content quite yet. I've notice that I'm missing some things. So far in the Atlantis Tile Expansion, I only have 1 item card, and it lists 3. I have a single "A.R.M 2" card...which incidentally does not have the triangle expansion symbol on it; it's the only card that doesn't. Also, the Medusa scenario setup says to set aside the "*something* of Perseus companion card". I don't have that companion card. It is one of the missing "item" cards? Thanks, Dan Is there a FAQ or Errata? I just checked the website and that portion is empty. So i cant beat someone up? The games got 'pushed through customs' on the 4th November, It's now the 23rd... Please give us some news Chris. Is there somwhere I can just go pick it up in Sydney? Do you need me to go beat somone up to release them? to be honest guys, will you back from EEG again when they have so much troubles delivering our AU backers? Chris. Any more updates from Shipnaked? It's been over a week now... I'm sure us Australian backers would love to back the new kickstarter if we had played the base game... Still nothing in Australia That's great news! I can't wait to get my hands onto it and introduce it to my gaming group! Any update regarding Australia..? This is Shadows of Brimstone levels of ridiculousness all over again. Sigh. I don't want to sound impatient or rude, but have you received any information from FedEx? It's almost been a month, I just wanted to make sure the boat wasn't eaten by Herathulhu xD Nice game. Rules are a bit ambiguous in places but overall worth additional plays. I do take exception to your 'includes all stretch goals' (except for the ones that state a minimal pledge level...). Haven't found another developer that caveats 'all stretch goals' before. I'll be more careful in the future. Just a quick question, since you are using ship naked to get the games to Australia, will we still get an email once they get to shore here? Whats the ETA to Australia? I need to get an idea because it's getting shipped to my parents address and they may be away... Still nada here in Sydney, Australia... It can't be far from us then! I can't wait :) Steve and Todd It's here! And it's all present and correct and it's beautiful. Well done guys. Sam I'm in New Zealand and have not seen this yet. I'll continue being nice and I was pleased to receive a tracking number, but it doesn't work. Well the email last Monday said about two weeks for the games to hit Australia, then they will be sent to us. I'm guessing about another week next Monday and most of us should have our games and adventured into the tomb :) Anyone in Australia received theirs yet. Nothing in Brisbane received for me yet. Still nothing in Switzerland... The only thing I learnt so far is that You have a very strange definition of "soon"... Promises, promises, promises but no game... and now a new campaign! I am VERY disappointed. When will the game finally arrive in Switzerland (and please don't answer "soon")? Nothing here in Brisbane Australia yet! Starting to paint my Zombies. Since I suck at painting, I thought I'd start with them and the monsters since they can look terrible and not matter...since they are monsters. At the end of the day...some paint is better than no paint. Alright i will come back for that. Just finished unboxing all the goodies. Excellent quality through out. Everything counted for except for 1 swarm token which i think fell off during packaging but im not bothered by that. The hard part now would be reading the rules and getting ready to play the game for the first time XD @Chris will the current Elite missions be available on the next expansion KS? I rather backed a bigger KS to save on shipping cost since i already got the glory seeker (im picking it up this afternoon @ Fed EX btw) Yeah.. still nothing in Australia yet.. Now they've launched a new kickstarter and expect us to back sight unseen on an 'expansion' without even having experience with the base game as of yet? What the? Shouldn't they, you know, wait until everyone has actually had a chance to play this first before jumping the gun? Cheers Chris. As always, super speedy response. Cheers mate Thanks Chris. I know I will. When will we get a tracking notice? Still no tracking notice here for Sydney, Australia. Disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. Can't back it till I've played it... Still no tracking notice here for Sydney, Australia. Disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. Can't back it till I've played it... It looks as though people here have begun receiving their games but when I check out my pledge it still says "The survey for this reward hasn't been sent by Everything Epic Games yet.". Have I missed anything? @Chris - Yeah I did email you but never finished our conversation. I remember looking at the final checklist you published but totally forgot about doing the checking. I don't know how I forgot all this stuff. Maybe alien abduction? Anyway, I'll get on that and write you. FYI, for those who got Glory Seeker, or multiple expansions: If you take the main box insert, cut out the bottom part, and glue or staple the 2 "boxes" and flip them upside down, they make the perfect fit for 3 compartment box storage. i have everything except my minis sorted in the main box. See picture below: <url>� Just got a HUUUUUGE Package here in the UK. Full of tomb delving game gear. Thanks so much guys! Meant to add received in the UK 22.2lb parcel reportedly delivered according to FedEx email and wife. Damn it working and not getting home till late! 14th Sept. 2015 : Received in Paris (France) guess what FedEx Canada dropped off today? Glory Seaker! <url>"books"... soooo I lost the overview XD hope received everything, cannot tell :D Just got the package! Are the painted miniatures sent in a seperate shipment or what is the trick? Arrived in Germany today. Parcel was ripped and battered, but everything inside looks fine. Thank you! :) Arrived in the UK today, now to open and check all the cool stuff! :) Swarm tokens on 3/3 apocalypse aren't cut. Shouldn't be an issue but thought I'd mention. @spetz yes I am in the same mind, I will check later but I dont see the adventure packs unless theyre in the core box somewhere Received in the UK today. Will need to check everything is in the box. Hello All, Finally get my copy in France!! My question is, I have no idea what i'm supposed to get with the Fortune Hunter pledge level... from the initial description during the campain, it says i have "All 4 adventure pack". but it seems that things have been re arranged and that packs no longer exists... I actually recieved: The Core Game, 12 minis, Ancien Myths and Legends Box and The Great Apocalypse Box. Does that sounds ok with my pledge??? no idea... Thanks in advance!! and let's get it on the table! Mathias :D Well, the package did seem to successfully cross the Atlantic! It's now only an hour's drive away :) @Yani As long as Tom Hanks isn't on that plane, there's a good chance they will meet that date. I got my tracking number and my expected delivery date is next tuesday. I live in Finland, but according to FedEx tracking my package had just departed from Memphis,TN... I wonder if it is going to catch a plane or..? Well FedEx just sent a tracking notification arriving Wednesday here in the UK. Just a bit excited now! Well, speak of the Devil....it crossed the border today. Expected delivery Tuesday. Assuming it is SOTL as it is 18.6 lbs.... Any word on Canadian shipments? Game was in a box about twice as big as required wrapped in a thin piece of bubble wrap. The components seem to survive but the box itself was split at every corner. Disappointing. The five cents worth of bubble wrap was ill spent. The components themselves where actually higher quality than I was expecting. Nothing here received in Australia yet. off for 2 weeks vacation i hope they dont deliver when im not home and send it back to US I'd like to know if all the orders actually did leave the US warehouse two weeks ago monday? I can handle the wait better if I know that my game is, indeed, closing the distance to my doorstep :) I understood that all the orders were shipping in about a week ... still waiting and are passed more than a single week... what an illusion... Sincerely I can't understand why eu backers are always the last in the line ... Meant top left. The strength, knowledge, ....symbols. Finally got to try the game out tonight. A couple of things... The treasure chest cards were all miss cut. The small symbol in the top right is cut in half. There is no mini for the bootleg Roosevelt? I'm colorblind. Being able to see reds and greens are a pain. Wish the cards had symbols. Same with the search token. Otherwise we loved the game! Where can I order expansions? @Chris, While opening/inventorying the main box, I've discovered that I am missing component sheet #3, and instead received two copies of sheet #4. Thanks, David When is the game going to show up? I have the miniatures but have yet to receive my game. If there is a problem, please let me know. I feel it necessary to express how I feel about waiting via a classing music video....#waitingincanada #notrackingnumber <url>"U" with a Line through it. In my game, those five symbols shifted one sign to the right. Is this just me and I should request replacements, or is this happening to everyone? Finally got through every box and inventoried it all. I'll email all my issues to Chris but the highlights... - Missing extra dice pack - Missing Helga mini and have two Maghilder. There are two large but missing bits of evidence which lead me to this conclusion. - Missing some cards here and there. Not sure if the card counts in the manuals/sell sheet are incorrect or not. Hope there is a master list of cards by name. the zombie exclusive content wasn't supposed to be Exclusive ?? If I can remember the early backer from first KS should receive also the pack of minis unlocked Or Am I wrong ? I pledged for tomb Raider in the first Ks... If I remember right I did select the Apocalypse four Horsemen adventure and Man of bad Intentions ... what exactly What am I going to receive exaclty?? and when....Thanks for your answer guys . still no tracking number here in rome ... Good news everybody! Received my box! The shipping box was mangled pretty badly, with bends and tears and holes ...even the shipping tape had completely disappeared off the top (the PO slapped some half-hearted piece of white...something...that was barely adhesive)...but most of the contents inside survived just fine inside their bubble wrap! Big WHEW! Almost all of the miniatures "shifted in flight"...maybe 30% of them remained in their plastic beds...but most of them came out of their box unmarred! QUESTION: If they're pre-painted, can I still use the Hot Water Method to adjust those that did get a little bent? (Three of the Horsemen are...pretty floppy. Death got lucky with that heavy cloak bolstering him!) The dice are great! The cards and character sheets are all thick and perfect! (Still counting them all.) The cardboard tiles and bits are all shiny and perfect! The plastic A.R.M. hinges are...wow, rough as hell. Gonna have to take an X-acto blade and file to quite a few of them. (But it wouldn't be too hard to locate a pile of them online if need be.) Chris, I am missing one big thing, and I think maybe a couple of teeny things, but I'll shoot you an e-mail once I narrow down a final list. This is Ameritrash at its finest: piles and piles of STUFF!!! LOVE IT!!! Solid work, Everything Epic! #waitinginCanada #notracking I got my glory seeker package in today. All of the boxes were there and in good shape. I would say most of the minis came out pretty good for the paint job. A few looked like they were rushed (faminie in particular). Death looks to be one of the best. I can't wait to play this! Chris, Wow what a great looking game! You and your group have done a great job! Well worth the wait! I was very surprised with the size and weight of the game! Thanks! Roy Any news about the fulfillment for us european backers? Any news about the fulfillment for us european backers? No the loose rule books are correct the ones in the game box have swapped covers. Chris - See? I missed a key update. :-) Thanks for responding!! Got mine yesterday also it all looks great! Got mine yesterday. The shipping box was kind of loosely taped up, but it arrived in good shape, and the contents were perfect. I had no idea the game box was going to be so big! I'll have to rearrange my shelves to store it. I haven't had a chance to do more than just glance through the contents, but everything looks good so far. Finally got around to unpacking the huge shipping box. Initial thoughts... - Wow, I'm gonna have to have a SotLT shelf. - The boxes are all really nice. - The two rule books were loose in the box so they ended up with one corner smushed. - The two rule books, according to a note in box, are already in error with swapped covers. I can't believe that. This was the BIG thing we waited for and... well, I'll shut up. - My Great Apoc Minis all came out of their little holes and are in a mass in the bottom of their box. No damage I can tell but just passing along. - I assume we put all the minis in their appropriate expansion boxes? --------------------------------------------------- Nothing really earth shattering there. But I think I am missing the small dice box. Is it inside one of the other boxes or was it a separate loose box? Next up is ripping off shrink and going box by box checking them out. It sounds like the game was too epic for the boxes. Got mine. Battered and beaten outer box hiding decent innards with one exception, the minis looked almost manged in their boxes. I opened a few boxes and the bases were bent strange directions but, with the softer plastic, they actually appear to be quite simple to fix. I am very happy with everything and hope to bring this to the table shortly. Jake I was a Tomb Raider pledge and I seem to be missing the Zombie Apocalypse adventure. Or did I miss a key update? @David - Yep, that looks familiar. @David - Mine looks almost identical to your pics. Still haven't jumped in to look. Got busy. So that I am not just complaining about it, here us a url to my my google photo album showing the box as it came. Note: The box top was completely open. I had to do nothing to open it other than just lift it, Note that the tape on one side was stuck to the lid itself. On the other side it was stuck to itself. <url>"tighter". Thus the damage, torn corners, etc. Since the box had pretty sizable holes in it, the dice pack could have easily fallen out as it was just tossed in and not wrapped (may explain missing dice boxes). That being said, the inner contents were well wrapped. Suggestion to EEG: Fire the guys that boxed this stuff up or otherwise never use them again. Just got my box. Box is beat up AND OPEN. After all this wait its gonna be a big mess. Why? Because that is my luck. My ire and blood pressure is up now so I may as well take a look in the box. I'll update in a few ... unless I explode. Ah, I see others saying their boxes are open. Maybe your shippers need to use a proper amount of tape. They tried to hold my huge box together with tape that only went an inch over the sides. I printed out your product summary sheet and it looks like I got everything.... It's here! One Problem though: The shipping box arrived open and damaged. Everything looks like it is there but is there supposed to be a packing slip enclosed or do I just use the update that you posed recently to check? I'll have to check out that tackle box. I need a storage solution for the minis. I have a small tool storage box I was using for my Battlelore minis, so it should work fine for now. Mine was supposed to arrive Friday but it came today so 3 days early. I want to echo Matt Smith below. I got my tracking number from FedEx and it said St Louis to LAX is 7 days. I had no idea that FedEx had planes that went that slow :D In all seriousness, I am looking forward to getting this. It has been a long time coming and I am ready to go. Any suggestions from anyone on how to effectively store everything? (I have a similar problem with Zombicide and the numerous expansions!) Got my stuff today. As reported by others the outside box was torn and battered, but the contents were fine. I actually like the puzzle cut. It works and holds tiles together just fine for game-play. If there is one little gripe, it would have to be the softness of the minis and the need to straighten out bent weapons. Not a biggy, though. Next step is to start playing with the standees while the minis get painted. Great job, Epic dudes! How can it take six days for my box to get from St. Louis to Detroit? Six days!?! I once drove from St. Louis to Detroit in 10 hours. I think they put my box on a canoe, and a kid is paddling it up the Mississippi river. :) It arrived! The outside box was a little beat up but nothing on the inside was damaged. I'm kinda worried it's to much lol! I feel like I don't know where to begin. Ha, yeah, I've played Betrayal. And Hybrid. So long as you've got flat tiles they stay put! And the gap can't be closed at all on these... There's always a little pinprick of table underneath. I actually worry more about the tiles being damaged in transit due to the shifty nature, too. Flat tiles are easy to store, puzzle tiles I usually lock together for storage. I've already had issues with these, where one stack shifts slightly and causes the whole pile to rest its weight on another tile's edge (because they shift). That causes warping pretty quick, if left unattended. Anyway, by design it is! The tiles are nicely cut, at least. By the way, I'm happy to report everything fits nicely into the box, or rather, in two expansion boxes inside the big box. It's tight and bows the big guy out a little, but it's nice to do. If you want safety for the minis, or to paint them, though, you'll likely have to go foamcore insert or external storage. And a GMT counter tray holds ALL the counters, too. Got everything today. Gotta say, only a single misalignment... it was on the dials though, so every one of them is lopsided. :p Also completely unimpressed by the puzzle cut. Tiles kind of flop around next to each other. They don't lock in at all... though it does mean less damage to the cuts, they could have been square for all the good they do. But hey, the minis look better than expected and the gameplay looks fun. Ha. In italy i have no tracking, at the end of tuesday Are US shipments still going out? Since I didn't back at Glory Seeker level I am assuming based on the comparison that I will be getting two of the three Adventure expansion packs and the core game mini's (basically at Fortune Hunter level, I upgraded from Tomb Raider to Fortune Hunter after the kickstarter through backerkit if I recall) Is this correct? Also since I know if i like this game I will want everything eventually how soon is this product going to be available for purchase through your online store.I know I will want more dice and more tiles and yes I realize I should have gone full ouit as a Glory Seeker..now. After going through all the boxes yesterday only had one issue with a misprint in the Core box. On sheet 5 (if I remember correctly) the lowest of the swarm counters was not printed though it was cut. Can send pictures if needed. Also thanks for the extra swarm counters in the Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion Pack although it took me a bit to figure out I wasn't missing another set, that they were reprints as the counters at the tops of the other card stock sheets hadn't been cut. Otherwise everything arrived in great shape, even the miniatures which is where I have experienced issues in the past. As a suggestion for future runs of the game, if possible make the base portion of the A.R.M. overlays in plastic, the dials could remain card board and still attached via the plastic plugs. I see breakage of the card stock overlays possibly being an issue along the bottom arm where the Courage is tracked. Again thanks for a great game. Ah i see so it will be at least 2 more weeks before EU will receive the goodies. Im hoping it will arrive before im off for vacation So Monday it will leave France and be on the way to EU backers? Thanks for the info btw So EU are not shipped yet? Got my big box of games yesterday!! � Can't wait to sit down and play. Just got mine yesterday !!! Still waiting patiently for a tracking number or for the game to just show up. so I know it is not alphabetical. Thanks for getting back to me so quickly. Looks like everything's here! Unholy giant box of gaming goodness. Guess what just arrived today?!? Yay! My package was delivered with a hole in the side of it. I would like to check against the spread sheet on the front page, clicking on it sends me to Facebook with a "Sorry, this content isn't available right now" message. Any chance for an update with a similar spread sheet that's updated with the current names on the boxes being sent out (so I don't have to try and figure out if say the "Journey to the Tomb" pack is in the "Passages & Perils" or the "Atlantis: Mystery of the 13" box)? I think my package lost weight. The packaging from GTG was inadequate. I hope everything is here. Does that mean the package gets a curse of the tomb trait? You have to roll a 4, 5 or 6 to open the package? @Jeffery McCulloch: You better check your package for a free-loading rat swarm. ;) What the ... my package arrived at Fedex in Dallas at 18.6 pounds. By the time it got to Fedex Houston it weighed 22.3 pounds. Odd. I got my tracking number! It was just sent to my old email address, the one I used when I first backed this project. Oh well. It says it should arrive on 8/29. That day will be epic. @Adam H: Yeah, it doesn't look like they're going in alphabetical order, either but first or last name. Wait!!! I checked my email again and the tracking number just showed up! Huzzah! Just got mine. Anyone looking for theirs, keep your eyes out for an email from <email>. Email may come across as generic.....but the info contained is like gold. Can't wait for my shipment to arrive!! 18.6 pounds of gaming goodness is less than 200 miles away and moving in my direction. Maybe tomorrow. I don't know about the alphabetical thing. I did not get one yet, and my last name starts with H. @Jeffery McCulloch: Good to see they're at least to the M's. Still a long way from me, though. Got tracking number here in Texas. Got my number a few hours ago and wow box is over 18lb according to fedex that is insane for board game even with minis. Shipping must of cost a fortune. I have happiness. I have a tracking number. Tracking number is a go! @Corey (First names or last? :D ) - Thank you for the information. I appreciate it.. @EEG/Chris, Thanks for the update on the current standing of the remaining shipments. I am beginning to experience great sadness. Three Kickstarters I’ve supported are all shipping and I haven’t received a single tracking number… *snirk* *sniff* *BOOHOOHOO* No one loves me.... :-( @Christoper Muzatko According to Everything Epic Games, the fulfillment center is shipping based on alphabetical order for our names. We should be receiving tracking numbers in this order too. I am still patiently waiting for my tracking number. From trackingupdates@fedex. Sender is gtg. 18.6 lbs!!! Gaides, etc. > what email address did the tracking come from? - I still haven't received one (that I can find in my email) It was mentioned that they would be shipping no later than last Monday. - Still very much looking forward to this game! - I am also in the full painted minis pledge. Maybe that delayed it a bit? *Sits on the porch waiting for my package* I need a tracking number for my missing tracking number. Argh... Where is that tracking number?!? So... Close... Got my tracking Oh my... I may get the game late September in EU. :/ Anyone get a shipping notice yet? Adam, I think the last update said shipping will "begin" by 17th so unlikely to be received by us on the 17th. Here's hoping though. Just to confirm for shipping. Should all copies be shipped by the 17th or should they begin fulfilling by the 17th? Just got the update and email that this should be shipping out by 8/17! I just so happen to be off from work next Thursday and Friday. Coincidence? Well, actually it is just a happy coincidence, but I'll TAKE it! @ EEG. Can't wait to get the game to my table. While re-reading the rules, I was struck by a lot of the changes that have been introduced to the game since the original Kickstarter and rules book. You've changed the game from the original scenario cards and objectives to a scenario book. You've completely replaced the search mechanic to a semi-regular pacing mechanic. You've added the soul monger. I'm curious as to if you'll ever get around to doing a post-mortem of the game and describe some of the challenges and goals that you faced and tried to achieve. Looking at the rules and the scenario in the challenge, you've obviously pushed to maximize the story elements of the game. I think it would be a fascinating article for the EEG Blog or topic for a podcast. I watched Gen Con videos with your booth included and you guys were rock solid explaining the game. You've done an amazing job showing the SOLT and expansions!! Can't wait to play it. Can you tell me the total amount of cards that from all the boxes? I need to plan how many sleeves pack i'll need. Looks like I will be getting this before my GripMats. Before I was joking....looks like I was prophetic!. C'est la vie. CANT WAIT ... CANT WAIT .... CANT WAIT Everything looked sooooo good at the booth !! @Everything Epic I kind of miss spoke with the games being FOR SALE ( I knew it was just a pre-order)... (blame it on the I phone quick text thing) What I meant was it was just wishful thinking on my part that you had the games there so I could actually pick one up :) I went to the booth every day at GenCon and I was floored by the quality of the components. The miniatures are simply amazing! Much better than I expected. The card quality is very good and both sizes are standard so getting sleeves should not be an issue. I was probably impressed by the expansions as much as anything. They are in sturdy boxes and are heavy for their size. Can't wait to get a look inside. It really looks like the wait will be well worth it. I have to echo the comments on the booth. Easily the best looking in the entire room. How much is my Glory Seeker stuff going to weigh again? It looks like I'm going to have to get a storage solution for this game by itself! I guess you really weren't joking about the size.....I don't suppose all the expansions are going to fit into the core box. OMG I'm salivating! The extra huge box of goodies can't come soon enough! I am watching the videos from GenCon about SotLT and I have to say that the game looks AMAZING! After this long wait, my initial excitement about the campaign was tempered somewhat, but seeing these videos has really gotten the juices flowing again. I cannot wait to play this. There is so much content there. The tiles look fantastic. What are the GenCon exclusive playable characters you gave out? And what's with the piece of an actual meteor inside a tiny bottle? SotLT being sold at GenCon? Anyone onsite at the con mind giving us a review or first impressions of the final product? I'm on tenterhooks waiting for more info and can't wait to see how it looks or more importantly plays. Looks awesome by the way! Bah, get a booth for Essen! Then I'd be more than happy to stop by :) Oh well, maybe another time... :) Hopefully I can make it to GenCon next year. looks like you guys are having a great time there. The booth looks incredible by the way. It's August! Tension building! Checked out the booth at gen con ... Looks awesome But considering they are being sold at the convention I wish they would have offered a 'gen-con pickup option' Excellent news, thanks for the update When are deliveries expected to start in the UK? Did this ever get on a boat? I can't wait!! Well although there are delays (like all kickstarter projects) at least we do get constant feedback from Epic ... thanks for that ... cant wait for the game!! Will the base game be shipped with all of the add-ons, or will they come 'some time in the future'? On the boat today as guaranteed? If you are able to get copies for Gen Con, would it be possible to allow backers to pick the game up there? Forget getting it before Gencon. Now its August. Chris, thanks for the update, can't wait Man, delivery timing is going to be tight. I'm leaving town on August 5th for a 5-day reunion/convention, where we'll be playing board games most evenings. I really hope to have SotLT in hand by then. I know things are totally out of EEG's hands right now, but it's going to be really close! Hi guys, any update for us? No problem. Production concerns should come first. Thanks for keeping me up to date! Yes, I am using sleeves. I plan to play this game for a long time and I want to keep it as pristine as possible. I will be at Origins and may buy the sleeves there if I can get a good price. I am a Glory Seeker so I know I am going to need a LOT of them. Any word yet on card sizes? Thanks! Simple question; Is there going to be another email blast to get out updated addresses? I'm sure a few of us have moved since the game was backed. This is my first kickstarter that is that late and to be honest I'm not that thrilled about that part. But if they want to make sure the game looks great and thats why there are delays, I'd rather have a great game that is late, than a poor quality game that is on time. And it looks like they were a bit overwhelmed with the campaign and everything. But at least they are very active here and always answering question, that helps a lot. Even though I bought many games last year, too, Allesandro, I don't see how this is relevant, I would've bought them anyway :) I don't think the graphic is poor from what I've seen and I want to see the miniatures myself before commenting on that. The prepainted ones weren't that great from the picture, but for what they cost they are reasonable well done. So yes, I'm really excited (again!) about the game and hope it holds up to my expectations. I must admit to being a little surprised about the 1 year late comments. I've been part of some KS which funded over 2 years ago and there is no light in sight and they were no where near the quality and quantity of this game. As said previously quality is worth waiting for and this wait is almost over. Keep up the great work. two things that disappointing me most are 1. one year late, the graphic is still poor 2. one year late, the miniature is very disappointed @Alessandro, I hear you but, in all honesty; I knew this one would be late as it completely blew up with extra content. While I'd have loved to have been playing it, I do say that the rules have me stoked for the final product. Stay Epic, my Friends! One year late!!!! In this time i have bought many other games!!!!!�� @Chris, with it being almost a month since last update is there any new info about production? Still on track to have the copies shipping mid June? Want to make sure my gaming group is ready to do some serious tomb diving once it arrives. @omicron, thanks for the warning, hopefully the gripmats will arrive before or with the game. Please make sure you check the GripMats if you were sent any, Chaosmos Kickstarter got theirs and the majority of them had scratches/defects. I backed both GripMat and Chaosmos, but I really don't want you guys to get sub par stuff. To be honest, the bulk of the rulebook is perfectly fine with a few little questions and niggles. I'm satisfied that I'd be able to play a game with only two questions regarding the stairs of blood being heroes only and if Flyers can enter the Pharaoh's hall from the Mongol's hall. Based on the rulebook, I'd say probably only boss monsters can make the trip from the Mongol's hall to the Pharaoh's hall and the Stairs of Blood act as an escape mechanism to the first floor and monsters can't follow. Again, I'm just putting out the initial thoughts for a .9 FAQ that jumped into my head on reading the rules. When the game is in my hands, I'm sure to have a great time with playing it. I've been teasing them about the "greatest rulebook in the history of rulebooks after all this delay" and the "gold standard rulebook" since early Dec 2014. Still having editing/content issues 5 months later makes me nervous. Not sure where you might want the rulebook queries and notes to be posted. Are you going to put out a post mortem that explains some of the changes made in the past year during the refinement and production? Searching has obviously changed the quite a bit from the initial kickstarter. Was this done to keep the number of tokens on the board down? Audacity tokens were also removed for being placed on a dial. Again, to keep down the punchouts? Now a few rule questions and notes: As you state that monsters on level 3 can't move to the 2nd level, except for bosses and or flyers. Does this mean that bosses can move to any of the 3 rooms that "connect" to the Mongol hall regardless of whether ropes have been setup (Mine shaft, Pit trap, and Pharoh's hall) for choosing paths? Can Flyers enter the Pharoh's Hall or is that blocked off from them? Finally, just a quick note that the stairs of blood are a one way trip to the sacrificial chamber, can bosses or any other creature use them or will they provide a quick escape from any monsters for heroes? On the character sheet diagram, you have St. George with all his stats but, the starting block states he should have a -1 starting courage rather than the +1 he has. I assume +1 is correct or the diagram is wrong. Here's a bit of a garbled paragraph about rooms in the rules. I believe the sentence should be ...you will immediately search for the Sacrificial Chamber Room tile and place it on level 1 Stairs of Blood reads: “Adjacent to Sacrificial Chamber; if not yet explored, search for and place on Level 1.” If, when you explore Stairs of Blood, the Sacrificial Chamber is not in play, you would immediately search for Stairs of Blood Room tile and place it on Level 1. Page 30 under Capture the Grail variant. "For our recommended setup, see the figure below" No figure attached. A few lines later, "If you have an Expansion packs (see page 30) when you meant 31. That wasn't too big, since it's the facing page. The latest update states "Regarding production, according to our manufacturer, we have about 30-45 days for printing and then 3-4 weeks for shipping! Then games will be in the mail and out to you!". The inference from that could be that mailing will start anywhere from just over 7 weeks, to at least 13 weeks (potentially significantly longer depending on what the "then" bits mean in that quote). Rather than leaving us to infer our own date, could EEG please share their updated estimated date for when the game will be mailed to backers? Really these are The minis of The game? They don't like me, i paint better. And i'm not a profy. Update time!?! Soooo, rulebook posted somewhere now? Well, as the files are pretty much done; any chance of getting a draft of the final rules in low-res .pdf on BGG for perusal? Not to make changes to the document, it's surely set in stone; but we'll be able to knock out the 0.9 FAQ before the game ships! :D As one of those lucky enough to have been one of the proof readers I can say with complete honesty the wait will be worth it. Thanks for the update, awesome news! Can't wait to get my hand on the game! Looking forward to it! Keep up with the great work EEG! Sorry to hear about the brightness issues. Still good thing you're staying on top of these issues and I look forward to the new images. After getting a chance to be part of the proofing and seeing how much this game evolved since the initial KS I cannot wait till I get this in my hands. I have many games in my collection that I picked up at my local game store and do not have half of the amount of detail or thought put into them as SotLT. For everyone who can make it till they get the game I can't imagine how you could be disappointed. It sounds like we are in the home stretch and the wait won't be much longer. Everything Epic including the wait! lol Don't forget the gold standard rulebook :) So about the 12 boxes... will all of those fit into the big box or will it be taking up 12 box spaces on shelf? Just curious. After very long time i wait a masterpiece!!! Excellent news. Thanks for the prompt reply. Can't wait. Hey, how's the timeline looking? Any news? I don't think they know when they will hit the print button let alone ship. Some news for us? Have you fix The delivery date? Thanks for the quick response ... cant wait !! Hi, Im Tony ... ya know, one of the best backers in the world ... Since we are coming up n the prestige's 'one year late anniversary' standard with all kickstarters now ... Any firm timeline yet ??? Now that our games are being produced I would like to make sure the we get one with the character we supported with our $400 pledge. Is this your plan? I am excited to see the game and playing it. Good luck with the finishing production. Rebecca Stopped by looking for the Secrets of the Lost Campaign but found nothing as usual. Is this thing ever going to print? What are the size of the cards so I can stockpile enough sleeves? But will be The espansions avalable on shop after The kickstarter delivery or not?? I dont mind few updates since Chris so active on the comments section i just scroll down and check out that works on the game is still steadily progressing along. Keep up the good work guys. Some news? Pics? Update? Just reread my last comment and it sounds way harsher than intended. I love the fact that you guys are so active here and I wouldn't bother to write a comment here if I weren't really looking forward to the game. So Jake put it in much better words than I did apparently. I blame poor english skills! I really don't mind delays if they are well justified and means we are getting better material, less mistakes, etc. Just at least a quick line here is always appreciated, specially when you announce something and suddenly everything goes quiet. Give us some mini update here, no problem at all :) So, really looking forward to the game and can't wait to have it. Chris, I appreciate you are sometimes in a difficult position, between trying to keep up the spirits of the community and trying to keep up with the demanding process of proofing the game. Thanks for your efforts in staying so active on this board and keeping on top of every request for information that pops up. While substantive information is appreciated in the updates, if you promise an update; at least post here with some information (such as Nice art and more info about status is going to delay my planned update. Please stay tuned....) While 99% of your fans and backers will understand where you are, stating you'll be providing info and then not, such as the post from last Friday; is a touch frustrating. Right now, you still have my goodwill and full anticipation for the final project. You've seemingly melded the best of games I've enjoyed into a much more satisfying game and I look forward to your latest update. Thanks again. Jake That is good to know. But still, it would just feel nicer and to be quite honest, more professional, if you wouldn't keep saying: yes, lol, nearly there, will do an update this weekend (like it happened more than once now) and just don't do one. I'd love to be kept in the loop, I still really like everything I see about this game very much and don't regret joining in! But keep us more in the loop about what's happening, specially since this project will be (at least) a year late and I'm not sure if you'll make... what was the latest projected delivery date? april, may? Just be honest and tell us how things go and where you are. I also really do not want an inferior game, I'd rather wait and get the great game I hope this will turn out to be. So you have my full support as long as I know whats going on and why there are delays and whats causing them. I'm happy to wait a little longer for a great experience. In the past 2 months I got 2 KS games and Star Wars: Imperial Assault delivered. So I've been splitting my gaming time between those 3. I for one am happy to wait longer for something that I can play out of the box. Too many nightmares with incomplete or just plain bad rules or bad editing on components. As one of those privileged to have been given the opportunity to proof read the cards and rule books I can say I completed them all and sent lots of info back. The game will be excellent, the artwork is fantastic just waiting to receive the scenarios to proofread now. My recommendation as a backer is to keep the faith. This will be worth the wait and I'm in the UK so will be waiting a bit longer! The weekend is over... no update... previous statement was proofing to be complete in DECEMBER... proofing hasnt started??? Sign me up for a refund. @EEG Still super excited and can't wait to get SOLT. I know people are getting impatient but I believe that once you get this game in their hands they will understand how and why it was delayed. I would rather wait 6 more months and get a great game that I can play for years opposed to getting a rushed game that has too many errors for me to play through. Having said all of that, if you have any additional updates/photos/screenshots I am sure we would love to see them. I am very a OCD person and find component presentation to be a huge factor in my favorite board games. For example I prefer games where everything can stay organized once packed up and the next time i don't have to spend an hour going through and sorting things so i can play again. (Lords of Waterdeep knocked it out of the park with every single aspect of their box layout and organization.) Again, I can't wait to get my hands on this game and start diving into some tombs. Thanks, @EEG You have promised some pics of The tonn of materials of The game. I need see The component of The games in production. Now i think its possible. Thanks @EEG Has the emails been sent out regarding proofreading or are you waiting for all the layouts to be complete before sending out the emails? Last word I can find on days says shipping mid January. Haven't even heard it's in production. Tired of excuses... Any word on delivery date? @EEG. Chris, you need to talk to the Gripmat guy asap. His printer is going to charge him another 45k to try and finish most of the mats by the end of the month. Someone with some Kickstarter cred needs to pull him back from the edge of the cliff he is about to jump off of. @Jake. Pretty sure production is taking place in Europe, not China. First of all, Happy New Year! 2015 will be the release of the SotLT and that should ensure a reasonably good second half of the year. I'm not trying to judge, I'm just very curious about your experience with the printing of this game. Obviously, it's been a much larger and in-depth project than projected and you've learned quite a bit about the process. Second, Did the new cuts fix the "Tight" jigsaw problem? I appreciate your attention to this but, haven't heard if you got the new samples and they fixed the problem. Third, Aside from the rules; are the rest of the files printer approved and ready? I figure you'll need a week or two for your army of proof readers to get back to you and you to make any required changes. Can the production start without the rules? Forth, With the Chinese New Year now smack dab in the middle of a hypothetical production run, will they delay the start until after the break or start work and resume after the break? Does anyone know if that affects component quality if they do take a break in the middle of the production? If they aren't going to start until after the break, it'll push delivery back to Late May-June, correct? Again, looking forward to the game and some Epic game times. @Carlos/EEG I'm aware Matt's not making our dice. I was just wondering if you producer was encountering the same issues as his...in an effort to maybe help him as well. re:GripMats..thanks for the update Chris, your approach and open communication is much appreciated. You give honest answers quickly that leave no doubt about your passion and commitment. It would be great if others could learn from your example. @EEG Sadly, I think your optimism is misplaced. I backed GripMat as well and they have continually let backers down with repeated "printer issues." Update#93 from them put your mats at the bottom of the list. They also have been selling the overages of previous runs of other designs online....while backers that wanted a lower popular design are being given the option of one of those mats...or just sit and wait... Thankfully, you are doing right by us. Basically...don't hold your breathe about the mats. @Omincron, EEG is making their own custom dice as mentioned at previous updates @EEG Have you had any issues with your GripMats or Dice yet. I know both GripMats and Doublesix have been having some production issues, although DoubleSix is because Matt has no tolerance for anything but perfection (and we love him for that) Actually, it's not the most anticipated.... I'd love to find ANYONE to buy out my pledge or just flat out refund me. I've asked politely twice in privates messages...no reply. So apparently I need ask this way. Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the '20 Most Anticipated Games of 2015' competition in the Fantasy category, but it's going to need some help. Vote it up here: <url>��� I'll wait for the 20 Most Anticipated of 2016 :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the 20 Most Anticipated Games of 2015. <url>"sounds like you should have had this all planned out before you solicited us for our money." These guys aren't bad guys. I don't hate Chris Batarlis, and the sarcastic jerk who mocked me for posting the Kickstarter ToS. I hate the excuses that they're giving their backers, and their refusal to give us some relevant updates. "Hey guys GenCon was awesome!" doesn't count as an update. "Hey guys we have a new miniatures Kickstarter project" doesn't count as an update. A laid out "this is what we've used your money on. This is what still needs to be done. This is how long that should take. This is when we should have the product made and shipped." is an update. @joe Personally, I thought May 2014 was too optimistic for a miniatures heavy game. Given industry norms, I would not be surprised if it shipped before April 2015. Even though they're receiving molded samples, they're still a long ways from the whitebox and final samples. If there are any issues with those (and there often are) that will add a month or two extra of delay. If there are issues with the whitebox or final samples, I've seen many projects that allayed those concerns by involving the backers in the process through photos and explanations of the issues. Any delay will put EEG in danger of hitting the Chinese New Year, which adds further delay. Factories begin a wind-down period, have a 10-day nation-wide shutdown, and experience a wind-up period afterward that can often add 1-2 months delay. As for progress, it seems normal, especially if molded samples are coming soon. At this point, the only thing I would fault EEG with is inexperience setting a too optimistic schedule. Kickstarter's new ToS: "If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers," reads the updated document. "Every reasonable effort" includes starting off with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed. Creators must "demonstrate that they've used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised," and throughout the process, creators must continue to communicate honestly with backers. And as always, creators are required to offer refunds for unfulfilled rewards, "or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form." Only if creators satisfy those stipulations are they considered to have met their obligations to their backers and "remedied the situation." Finally, the terms of use explicitly warn creators that if they don't meet those standards, they open themselves up to possible legal action from backers. It's time to provide us with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed and then demonstrate that you have used funds appropriately. This game for me is already an old game. I don't need it any more. It's possible have back my money?? Translation: highly unlikely this game will ship prior to new year. My patience left when they solicited likes and whatnot from us on BGG. Panhandling for more money, panhandling for likes, panhandling for praise....all when we haven't had any solid date set...or any updates worth reading. EEG is the worst. As I have said before....first and last time I back an EEG project. 2 guys is an excuse. That's all we get from them. Excuse after excuse after excuse. The right response from them should reflect "hey...you're right. We have dropped the ball. I'm sorry for the delay. I'll figure out a plan and we should have an idea when this will ship in roughly 2-3 weeks...then we'll let you guys know." Butttttt no he just wants to give more excuses. "This is such a big project!" "We have only 2 guys working on this". Here's the kicker guys....once you get things where you want them...production time, shipping time from china to US, and then your sorting time from that point until you ship is going to be months...not days or weeks...which means that we probably aren't getting this until march or April For another perspective... while I'm anxiously awaiting SOLT, I'm also waiting for 3 other games I've KickStarted in the past year. As of today none have shipped and the durations so far are: 10 months, 9 months, 8 months (SOLT), and 7 months. They all estimated shipping in the summer. I think the main thing for backers to remember for most of these KickStarters is that they are small teams (unlike FFG, PP) of people with cool ideas. I've also noticed what appears to be the lack of a detailed project plan or a dedicated Project Manager. (But really not many creative people want to do a project plan, me included.) If all of these KickStarters had put together (or updated) a detailed project plan at the end of the KickStarter campaign (and updated it with delays, new information), they should have been able to see effects to the schedule (of stretch goals or any delays) and could then communicate those to backers. (Although even then there would be people complaining about the delays.) None of the KickStarters I've mentioned above have communicated detailed schedules and so we are just left wondering. It's not just EEG. As backers, we need to take some responsibility to ask for a project plan and see if it makes sense to use. If one isn't provided, then we need to decide if we're going to back the KS, knowing the proposed shipping dates may be unrealistic. I think SOLT (and the other KS) are cool ideas and I'd love to get them sooner. But for now I'm still (somewhat) patiently waiting. A "certain" date that you can definitely hit or even surprise us by getting it done before is better than "working hard to get the game out by November" which does connote some doubt. Just one man's opinion... Hey, just a tip. Maybe you should consider accepting your delay and change your target date to something you can actually hit? In the long run, it is a better strategy. My advice is to look over what you still need to do and be realistic. Thanks! So in summary: "excuse, excuse again, excuse again, no date when you're going to get your game." Got it. Thanks. This will be the first and last time I back something from you. Chris Batarlis, I'm going to be blunt. We're unhappy. (when I say we, I don't represent the KS collective, but instead represent my household who was excited by this game when we found it on KS, and then have since become disgusted by Everything Epic Games, and their inability to follow-through with their promises.) Do we have a date on this yet? Because every time I look...it keeps getting delayed. I wouldn't have backed you if I knew you would take this long to get the game out. It's not a question of patience at this point. I think we've all been patient enough. This is questioning Everything Epic Games' committment to following through with their word. As of right now, EEG's word is as valuable as the garbage rotting in my trashcan right now. May, to September, to November. I got it that you're all trying to make things nice and look good, and everything, but we keep getting new updates reflecting something like "Oh well we're putting new minis in!! Ooo we have pretty dice now!! Yay we went to GenCon!!" and you are putting more time into things that maybe, just perhaps, not all of us want. Additionally, the soliciting for likes and thumbs up and all that on BGG was apalling! You want us to push your product when you haven't given us anything? If anything, I'd be convinced to trash-talk EEG on the forums, commenting on your lack of ability to commit to a release date. Delays, more delays, and more delays is all we're hearing about. If you guys keep getting hit by the "good idea fairy" and want to do all these exciting things, why not get the game out to your patient backers who you have yet to deliver anything to, and then offer the fantastic upgrades you keep pushing to people who want to pay extra, or wait extra time, ect.? I have backed 5 games in the period from when SotLT started until February, and have received everything I backed with the exception of SotLT. This constantly and consistently delayed game has actually dissuaded me from backing another game on KS, due to me being at your mercy with my hard-earned money. Enough is enough dude. Get us a SOLID "this is what we're doing, this is what is taking us so long, this is when the game will be shipped" update, or give us our money back. You've played with my cash long enough. And I swear, if you post that the game doesn't look like it's going to be ready until January of next year (which, judging by your lack of respect towards your backers at this point...probably isn't out of the realms of possibility), I'm going to lose my mind. Thanks! Yes, except the minis will be unpainted. If you want the minis painted then you neeed the $175 pledge in the new campaign in addition to your glory seeker. Sorry for the late question, but I am a bit behind in my Kickstarter updates! I am a Glory Seeker pledger for the original campaign. The pledge level says I get everything in the game. Does that mean I get everything that is/will become unlocked with the new campaign? Or do I need to pledge to the new campaign? Any chance us Fortune Hunters could get an upgrade option to Glory Seeker? say $100? I'd love to contribute to the new miniature one but it appears that the only option would be for $115 for just the minis and none of the Glory Seekers extras that new backers get. It looks like the base game now comes with a box of miniatures, is this correct? I'm a bit confused about all these new projects. I originally pledged for the Tomb Raider - do I get any miniatures and if so what? May... July/August... November... failed mini KS, its coming back, you say you want to ship everything together, so what are we talking about... did someone fat finger the 2014 date of May... and really mean 2015... or 2016... Commiserations with the miniatures KS and better luck with the relaunch. Hopefully there will be more details on the prepainted figures - I was on the fence due to not having any idea of the manufacturer's painting skills. If they've done anything similar before, then posting a sample of their work would be a big help. As for delivery, December is a terrible time to ship items (Christmas and other holidays) so if November is the goal, it would be prudent to have contingency plans where possible to counter further delay (e.g. shipping late components separately). One update said August was the new due date (I wrote it down), now November? My birthday is in November (26) so maybe by my Bday. this is not May 2014, is it? When can we expect what we bought into? Just asking. thank you Any estimate on when we might be getting this game would be nice. Thanks. The $25 dollar I posted is just a number I pulled out of the air and by no means a hard set value to me. I see the mini KS has stalled. I should have posted this sooner as it might have helped with the mini KS but I digress. When you relaunch the minis kickstarter I would be inclined to back it if you break down the minis into groups that you can back say 5 groups at $25 ea. I don't have the money to go full board into this game and I don't have the money to get every mini for a game that I don't have every expansion for and quite frankly doesn't add to the game play. What I would like is a monster minis kit to match the scenarios I am getting to go with my character minis. I agree with Patrick, a simple update as to when we might get the game would be nice. I too am tired of all the advertising of how great Gencon went. Also don't feel right advertising for you on BGG with all the likes and thumbs up you keep forcing on us. Is there a chance of a Secrets of the Lost Tomb Update #74 that talks about where we are in the scheme of things? Just the SotLT game.... no more hotness, no more likes, no conventions, no old 3D painted renderings, and no other projects mentioned? Unless I missed it, 2 months have passed since a great update. Asked this previously at <url>#comment-7407050 but didn't receive a reply so am asking here: *Who is doing the actual painting for the pre-painted miniatures? Will it be the manufacturer or a third party? *Are there any samples of their previous work that backers can review, before committing to the pre-painted upgrade? *How much extra time will the painting add to the production schedule? Thanks. Hy Chris I see that all is going in the right direction ..I can see that if a creator of a project on KS is going to make such a complicated game with minis ,tiles and script well....delays are just around the corner...Anyway I saw your skeleton with horns ;) seems similar to one of mine ;)) good looking skel !! I cannot lie saying that I wish the game was just in my bare hands at this moment ..we will wait for a complete experience.. Just a question Do the core set will come with carboard tokens and will also include their zombie versions too ?? @ joe hudak, No my friend, you are not the only one. In fact, anytime I've asked a justified question I get a five paragraph, overly defensive, reply. The continued hawking of this game in the form of the stand alone mini game KS, the current miniature KS, and the constant requests to give thumbs and add comments on BGG to an as-yet non-exist game, leaves me with major concerns. I've been doing this a long time and this is the first time that I am having a feeling of foreboding about how a project is going. Time will tell. Manufacturing delays are to be expected. I will feel better when we see an actual production piece instead if a 3D render. Hopefully, we will see something worthwhile in the next month or two. Cheers to be honest, i want to see the real prepainted sample, 3D render colored image doe not mean anything to me. I've lost the bubble here. I did not participate in the second, miniatures KS. When should I expect to see the original game shipped out? Thanks for the reply. Are there any pictures of painted sample of the miniatures? Also, what's the total number of minatures for Glory Seekers? Thanks again for the reply. @Joe - I think we're all disappointed that the delivery date went from May to August to maybe late October/early November. As for myself, I've been through enough of these board game Kickstarter campaigns to know that it takes times to develop and test game content for stretch goals. I've been impressed with the content that's been shared so far, which is why I decided to upgrade my pledge to Glory Seeker. Even so, I still think it would be a miracle to go from funded minis on 8/20 to delivered minis on 10/31. Basically, they'd have to ship the minis from China within 3-4 weeks of getting funding. But these guys are Epic, so we'll see! :) @Maken X You need to chose the $10 'upgrade level' and pledge $175 to have the mini's pre-painted. Ok the new campaign with the miniatures got me a bit confused. Haven't got much time to follow the news as I'm really busy lately. Here's my question: I'm a glory seeker here. Do I need to pledge more to get the painted miniatures from the new KS? Thanks. I'm sure its difficult to make everyone 100% happy. I'll put my hand up as one that would like to see all the minitures completed as I like minitures games. Hopefully it gets the funding required so things can move quickly. Chris Batarlis, I must say I'm sincerely disappointed with the lack of progress we've seen in regard to this game. All I'm seeing is a request for more money, and of course, people seem willing just to throw money at you for it. I am not one of those people. I backed your project based on a projected date of may, when I could get my copy of the game. Instead of telling your backers that you have good news, and that our money has actually purchased something, you want to pan handle for more money for painted miniatures. Instead of throwing shiny things at us, can you deliver what we signed up for? I'm sincerely SHOCKED I'm the only one saying this. @Terry and Chris The Tokaido kick starter had a painted option as well. They started off with a pre painted option that looked impressive, well to me anyway. As they passed stretch goals and got to greater funding levels, they upgraded the pre-painted option with additional effects near the end. This was after lots of other upgrades – different priorities for different kick starters I guess. I think this provides some idea as to what is possible though for the funding amounts (you also need to consider that this was full pre-painted game for $115), <url>"big" convention this year, and I'd love to try out the game. @Paul: The new target month for delivery of SotLT is August, so we still have a few months to wait. @Chris, Thanks for sharing your mindset on this and i acknowlege the lack of early birds as a significant difference. My perspective is clearly narrower than yours, but i am totally onboard with the more everything idea, now and in the future. Spreading the word about this project has been an honor and i look forward to more Epicness. The Raiders idea was brilliant, by the way. it's like 3 months after the "hurry and don't miss out" message and anyone who wants in, at any level, can get the exact same deal as i and the other 684 KS backers, and delivered at the exact same time. i am very glad to have helped fund this game, but this "preorder issue" is likely to undermine people's motivation to pledge early in any future KS projects. the items listed as KS exclusives are apparently NOT exclusive, and that affects my perception of the value of the KS edition and the value of pledging early. It wouldn't take much to eliminate this issue...like actual exclusives or actually delivering early. all that aside, i eagerly look forward to playing this (not much longer to wait now) and backing possible future expansions. oh, one more thing...the relatively short time between the funding period and the anticipated delivery is fantastic, thank you so much. Chris, the timing is perfect now that I have some extra funds to toss in. @Anthony: I'm sure you will get a lot of fun out of your Glory Seeker pledge. For me, the Glory Seeker contained some items I didn't want. By pledging at a lower level, then buying the remaining items I wanted a la carte, I was able to get exactly what I wanted while still saving $70. That's enough to buy 1-2 other games. I'm sure I'll get plenty of mileage out of the 10 scenarios and 80+ tiles coming in my package. Chris, I would totally back a kickstarter for the rest of the mini's and adventures. I'd love a decent pre-emptive notice, so I can save money to get everything else I missed and want for my game! So I added-on funds for 3 sets of standard D6 - only now there aren't any. The new Double D6 dice are a different cost...I either have to pay more or lose $4? I'm a glory seeker backer and really excited for this project. I am just curious if there is any new information regarding the mini stretch goals and adventure packs that were not met. Is there anything NOT in the Glory Seeker level? Well Matt, I for one didn't any of the add-ons ... I went all out and purchased the Glory Seeker right from the start :) which pretty much comes with everything!! @Chris: Yes, that update on the dice et al was very helpful. Thanks! Who else besides me went crazy in the Backer Kit and purchased almost as much in add-ons as his original pledge? 8-0 I ended up snagging the Secrets and Passages pack, the Trap pack, more dice, and the boss monster minis pack. August can't come soon enough! I've completely lost track of what's happening with the dice for this game. How many dice will be in the base game box, and will they be standard d6 or double-six dice? WOW! That sounds like a perfect solution! It allows for all tiles to be used without introducing the frustration of exploring endlessly for a certain tile. As long as the mix of "scenario symbols" on the tiles remains fairly consistent when adding each expansion, the difficulty of a scenario should be reasonably consistent from play to play. I think that's important for co-op games. You don't want a cakewalk one time, only to be crushed by the same scenario (same side, same mix of objectives) the next time. As players get more familiar with a game, they want to be able to reliably tune the difficulty to their skill level. I went back through the previous updates and didn't find much information explaining how the "Secrets and Passages" and "Trap Pack" tile packs get integrated into the base game. I really like the look of the tiles, but I'd like to know more about how they get used in the game before I add them to my order. Looking at the Trap Pack for example, would I remove the trap tiles from the base game and substitute the tiles from the Trap Pack? Or do I simply add all new tiles to the stack? What about the Secrets and Passages tiles? If the tiles from both packs are simply added to the 50+ tiles in the base game (resulting in a stack of 80+ tiles), then I could see the game becoming significantly more difficult to win, especially if the scenario being played requires a specific room to be found. I hope EEG is working out a way to use these extra tiles without disrupting game balance. @Chris: Makes sense. I'm just trying to figure out which 2 extra adventure packs to get with my pledge, and knowing the character minis won't be in the Men of Bad Intentions pack (for now) means I can pick any adventure pack, as they will all be the same from a component perspective. I'm still really on the fence about the boss minis. Am I right in saying the boss usually only enters the game near the end of the adventure? Bummer to hear that the character minis in the expansion packs are only available in the Boss Monster Wave 1 pack. Since the base game comes with character minis at no extra cost, I would have thought the expansion packs would include the character minis (for those packs that reached that funding level). That way players who want all of the available character minis (but don't care about the boss minis) could get them by buying the appropriate adventure packs. As it stands, to get the character minis for Men of Bad Intentions, I have to buy all of the boss minis too. While the boss minis will look really cool, I suspect they'll only be in play near the end of each game (once the comet track his the target number). To me, this seems like a lot of money for not much in-game use. FYI, Game Salute is using a simple but effective status bar for their Wok Star updates. You can view it here: <url>"Things are different when you shrink it down... " Not for us with eagle-eyes they don't. ;) Agreed, the Pharoah's Way looks better, but the staircase going up needs work still - the steps shouldn't flare out so much (especially near the bottom). the urns on the able in the spaniards crossing might need a tweak as well in terms of perspective. much much better, looks great @Rad: My question is more about whether competitive play would be an option. @Astral why would you sabotage each other in a coop play? btw one of the SG is a rule for competitive play @EEG: "...We dont want the tiles to be Too Big or Too Small! (We want them to be just right... Somewhere in the 3 - 3.5 inch range..." Regarding tile-size, it would be nice (though not necessary) for it to be a whole number in inches, so that they could be lined up on boards (or Gripmats...) using 1/2/3-inch grids. @EEG: Thanks for the response on campaign mode - a "carry over" from one adventure to the next does seem like a straightforward way to handle things. Though some of the adventures do seem thematically well-suited to combining: imagine one where High Emperor Drakus seeks to raise both Antonio “Red Eyes” Mullens (vampire mob boss) and the Zombie Apocalypse to dominate the world. Players may have only a short period of time to foil the emperor before his new minions appear, while the most (fool?)hardy may wish to forgo a quick victory for the greater reward of defeating three great villains. One question about the multiplayer game - will players be able to co-operate with/sabotage each other? Or is the Tomb the only permitted enemy? @Chris great update! if lady rocket didnt start the game with that fliegerfaust i would be very disappointed xP I posted this comment on BGG with the draft rulebook, but am cross-posting here so it doesn't get lost in the shuffle. A question/suggestion regarding the Comet Track. It's not clear to me if the intent of the Comet Track is to: A) Start at 0 (bullet 3 in the Setup section of the rulebook), and trigger the Plot Twist when it gets to a scenario-specific number (e.g. 8), or B) Start at the scenario-specific number and count down to 0 (as stated in the Scenario Sheets section). To me, option B would be better, because no matter what scenario is being played, the Plot Twist triggers at 0. This would be much easier for players to remember. Otherwise, I could see players getting lost in the fun of the game and not realizing the Comet Track has hit/exceeded the target number, because the target number changes from scenario to scenario. Basically, do you want the Comet Track to be a count-down timer, or a count-up timer? Also, any thought to having multiple plot twists in some scenarios? For example, if the Comet Track starts at 10 and counts down, you could have one plot twist trigger at 5, and another at 0. Just a thought. How's the status on the art assets for things like the Jigsaw tiles? Will you be increasing the size of the tiles to account for thicker walls and/or shrink room interiors or was the tile design sufficient as originally planned? Also, is the level 4 and Apex chamber unique to specific scenarios or do they come with objective cards to mix into the decks for regular play. Hope your February is Epic! The whole 'tomb reset' thing reminds me of the Alien vs. Predator movie where the pyramid kept changing. Really cool. Have you mailed the game yet? ;) Chris, great addition. Thank you. Chris +1 Regarding the integrations of adventure packs into one game session, I dont think it would be a problem since you can always shuffle in all the other game elements into the basic set (eg: tiles, items, monsters etc) the only problem would be integrating the boss monster since the gameplay is scenario driven by the boss monster. I can imagine that 2 bosses can spawn in the tomb and that players can try to fulfill both boss scenarios requirements during gameplay, fight the bosses one at a time, etc but dealing with more than 2 bosses can prove to be very difficult i think Campaign... strong... fun!-) While occam is plugging other KS projects, take a look at Fief as well. A huge return for the investment. I really like the campaign idea. :) SB Small question - can adventure packs be combined to form epic quests? (either having them occur sequentially or all at once in a massive smörgåsbord of evil). If not, might this be added as a rules option? Dear Lost Tomb'ers, Minions, and Crazy Ones: In case anyone is sleeping on their KickStarter backer duties, the (or at least, a) current crazy KS game is TEK ≡ "Tiny Epic Kingdoms" (<url>"Secrets of the Lost Tomb" left off). It does not offer anywhere near the epic adventure, but I think it's designed to do a lot with a little (i.e., pocketability). Cheers, = Joe = I am still very excited about the Indiana Jones + Call of Cthulhu + Bermuda Triangle & all things sinister open-ended mashup of "Secrets of the Lost Tomb". :-) Just checking if the comments work for me. Doh! I forgot about the lack of green search tokens. As long as the red and green room borders are distinguishable, they it's all good! :) After watching the videos again, I had a thought. The red/green room borders and red/green search tokens will be problematic for people with red/green color blindness. I know quite a few gamers with this condition. I realize other players can point out which rooms/tokens are red vs. green, but this wouldn't work with solo play. You may want to consider marking them with a symbol/letter too, or use shades of red and green that are easy to distinguish by their brightness. +1 to AstralWanderer's suggestion, that would suit me. Not sure if giving people the option at backerkit time is feasible, or just a way to administrative chaos! @astralwanderer we have some great plans in the works. Chris from EGG should be making some announcements in the near future. Stay tuned, exciting stuff :) Hope the $ go toward stretch goals... Some of us could be more generous. I would ;) SB BackerKit is a very good service to use. I have used it 4 times with no issues with varying projects from VGHS season to, all the way to Hold your Breath. It is just as easy, if not easier, then the Kickstarter pledge selector/amazon payments combo. Given only a couple of the miniature stretch goals were achieved, would it be possible (and how would other backers feel about) swapping them for the "lost" adventure stretch goals instead? I'm not hugely enthusiastic over miniatures and less so over an incomplete collection, so exchanging them for another adventure or two would seem a Good Thing... I am in the same boat as the 11th. I pledged for the GS but didn't include $ for any additions. Now I find myself wondering if it would be better to have a set of 8 dice for up to 6 people. And those mats look pretty handy with all of the tile expansions. Sorry if this has been asked before. If a backer forgot to add extra $ to his/her pledge for add-ons, is there a way to do that before everything ships out? For example, if I wanted more dice, could I pay for that separately and have it shipped with my copy of the game? NuuuuoooOOOO not the curse of the tomb....just hoping the tomb let me out on may to play sotlt xP Waiting paitently for my survey to decide which 2 pledge level add ons I want, and what I want to do with the extra 20 dollars I added to my pledge. The answers to those are "Creatures" and "Apocalypse" and get "Vallhalla" and "Drakkus" that way I end up with 6 extra scripts! dang it why when i check KS i automatically go check on this project arrrgh im cursed Cool, can't wait for the summer to get the game! Happy to be part of this! Looking forward to the game! Congratulations and good luck! Great job everyone! Congratulation :-) Congrats to everyone who helped make this game/kickstarter! Thanks to everyone who pledged so that we could all have a much bigger and richer gameplay experience. I rarely comment at 1:55am on a kickstarter, but when I do, it must be.....Everything Epic! just wake up congrats for reaching 111k!! Congrat :-) all that's left to say is, "GOOD NIGHT, AND GOOD LUCK!" Congrats again.. I hope the cold goes away. awesome! maybe as an expansion down the line have you guys thought of a traitor game type? agreed @Cody Most certainly the FUN has only begun! @Ninjace lol but the work has only just begun (sinister laugh) Congratulations! I cannot wait to play this.... @Chris - Thank you! Can you unchain me from my desk now :) Mrs Howard here - well this was the first Kickstarter I followed from start to finish and it was fantastic. Thanks so much for your amazing responsiveness to every single tiny and large comment/request. Wishing all the best as you move forward with producing this fantastic game. Now get to work Chris!!!! ;-) Cheers Congratulations! @Chris: congratulations on an amazing campaign! Special Shout out to Chris from EEG, You have been our rock during this project. Thank you for creating a foundation for use to build our dreams upon!! Well done, guys. Very impressive! Great job from start to finish. Congrats!!! That's pretty big number for a first time Kickstarter. Well played boys. Well played! A true masterpiece and job well done. My compliments on your interaction with your supporters and constant presence. Thanks! Congratulations! Congratulations! Well done! Congratz on the project funding (^!^) THE TOMB WELCOMES YOU!! 1 and done...congrats again! Congrats! Done!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats Final Countdown !!!!!! Don't forget your awesome add ons! 35sec Don't forget... SotLT is in the running for the 20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014. <url>#1 spot. Congrats, Chris and everyone at EEG! It's been a fun adventure already. Now, I can't wait to play the actual game. :) Guys ! This is your last chance to grab GS! Go go go ! 5! We asked you to help make our dreams come true! And you DID!! Thank you ALL!! Congrats on your first successful game and lets hope your future dreams are as successful. 9! Count Down 10! All the gamers need to come back from holidays to back the project! oh well, maybe they will get their chance if post kick starter pledges open up for a short time. I wish that the locked minis will be available in future campaign so that our collection can be completed! ok, we have unlocked the minis of the first expansion it doesn't make sense if we don't have for the rest of the expansion so what will it happen?? those expansion minis will be avalaible as an add-on? @Greatlitch - Thank you! Congratulations to Chris and everyone at Everything Epic Games on a fantastic and very successful project. I can't wait to see what the finished product will look like! The time has finally come! Congrats on your first successful GREAT project ! Can't wait to take my journey there! 3.2k in 13 minutes would be beyond great. :) Can't wait to play build-a-bear with a character. Good times! More minis would be great Come on 115K !!! @John good to see you here! Well it's been great everyone. Haven't been present here but I've been stalking. Phones going to die so I'll find out the final total later tonight. Good job everyone! Looking good guys! Congrats! A precious 39 minutes remain! It is. Thank you everyone for thinking of me! I'll just have to watch like a hawk for the next 47 minutes to see if it opens up. It is exciting to see us closing with so many backers. Let's see how high we can go! Great work everyone! Oh no! I missed my chance for the create a character! Final Hour! It was an honor working with all of you, and I greatly look forward to our future adventures together :) Yes! 110K... The drop could be due to someone adjusting their pledge (or the pledge trolls). 110k$ and 110 minutes to go! Some last minute update would be great! Wunderbar!-) Hello 110k! 110K ! Another $235 glory seeker just opened up, grab it while you can. Thanks Chris. I'm not giving up hope on reaching $125K so we can get the Excalibur adventure! oooops.....line is for $110K but its obvious it will go well beyond that KickTraq says its trending toward $115K !!!! Are the Lost Stretch Goals (e.g., Exploration for Excalibur) available as add-ons (assuming the stretch goal is not met)? @JKP...to clarify, by large mat I mean the 36x36 size. This game will need 36 x 36 mat to play with heh, when I wrote ' I preferred the character creation' I was writing in past tenses. It was snapped up quickly though. @JKP I have a long dining room table (6 seats) & calculated two of the large mats would work for me perfectly. Chris said to get the mat(s)for your table space size vs how big the board may grow. @Omicron: "1 Glory Seeker $235 open, get it whole you can!" Thanks! Though that meant (*BOO HISS*) lowering my pledge by $10 *ducks* Do hope to see the Excalibur stretch goal made, though odds seem a little slim now - I prefer more adventure options over minis. Sorry, my typo Stephen :-( Do you think a 24"x24" mat will be big enough with all the levels, etc.? Eeek, 666 backers...any weird bonus for reaching that milestone, Chris? By all means, Stephan...snap up that last create a character & help push us ever so close to the 110,000 mark! We can do this! I already have one! There was an astronomer that wanted one though. @Steψhen: There just became a "create a character" available. I prefred the "create a chartcter" - but they are all gone now. Not sure if my suggestion will be me (Engineer) or great grand father who was on one of the first Australia submairines that was sunk in WW1 (AE2) and become a prisoner of war in Turkey. great grand father would probaby fit in very well to a game like this. I backed at a Glory Seeker earlier in the week because I can play single player, and have it be a challenge, as well as multiplayer, and have fun with friends. 1 Glory Seeker $235 open, get it whole you can! I think we will get to $110K (provided there are no high value troll backers that all jump out near the end). Was watching the vids and have a question. Are all the Artifact cards going to have the same cup picture? I understand that symbol is used a lot but it gets confusing when it says "Diamond Encrusted Sword" and shows a cup :) Maybe thats just the way it is in the promo versions? I have a few games coming this year. This one alone will keep us busy for a very loooooong time with the different adventures. Ya, we'll be fortunate to hit $110,000...not that that's a bad thing. We have a heck of a lot of content to play with. Congratulations to everyone. We did good! Non-supporter to Tomb Raider to Fortune Hunter to Glory Seeker all in the span of a couple of hours. Talk about a thrill ride! Seems like we are not getting the Excalibur Pack at 125K @Chris You da man. One thing I’m hoping to hear is that the game will ship to investors (KS supporters) prior to or concomitantly with when it is released to retail outlets. Wasn't hard. One view of the video you guys made (with TMAGITWorld) and I was hooked.The game sells itself too @MetalDiceGuy Thanks for being there from the start and all of your support! @Daniel I won't lie....I snatched up a GS the first day and at times I wondered WTH am I doing.....the more I look at this game, the videos, the comments etc. absolutely NO DOUBT it is going to be a great experience Glory seeker level give you all if you can raise your pledge an epic big endless fun game awaits Yeah, got the 235$ glory seeker! This is going to become a good day! :) Ooops.....better than I thought....that'd be FOUR MORE SETS OF MINI'S !!! woot! just food for thought if all early birds are sold (without loss of non-early bird pledges) that would get this to right at $125K....that would be a stretch obviously but it would also mean two more sets of minis and two other SG's.....which would make more people jump, etc, etc. @Adam oh absolutely.....but if someones on a budget or doesn't want minis that is one heck of a lot of game for the money at FH level @TheMetalDiceGuy, I initially went for the Tomb Raider but after getting more excited for the game I jumped right to the Glory Seeker. Fortune Hunter is great deal but I think that if you down to pop the extra bucks it will be well worth it. If mini's aren't a big deal the Fortune Hunter level is one hell of a bargain IMHO there's a $235 glory seeker open......if you are on the fence I would jump that right now! I think we might get 2... Let's try and get one more stretch Goal in the remaining 4 hours I know we can do it!! @ Sean I believe those the Chose your own Adventure and Valhalla are part of the Vault of Perseus so they come free with the "Glory Seeker" pledge level but, you have to add it on for any other level. @Chris Is there an updated chart showing what each level will get? I noticed Valhalla and Choose your own Adventure are missing from the current chart. Sorry meant to mention I am in Canada. Oh you guys rock. Mrs Howard here - I know I keep harping on about these dice but as a Glory Seeker it's the only add-on I am actually interested in. Okay so here's my dilemma I like each player in a game to have their own set of dice so that we don't have to pass dice (I am a little OCD about this). It seems this game requires 8 dice for each player given that's what the core game comes with and that is also what comes in the extra set with Glory Seeker. So that means for 6 players I would like to have 48 dice (8 x 6). I already get 16 so I just need an extra 32 dice. Which means I should order 3 sets of the 12 dice (giving me 36) for $10 each set + $8 shipping for each set or is that for the entire 36 that I order? Questions: 1. We are ordering the double Six Dice in sets of 12 even though they come as a set of 8 in the box is this correct? 2. Would total extra cost for 3 sets of 12 dice be $30 + $24 for shipping or $30 + $8 for shipping Tks, did not see that one, it would seem that wave 2 would be around the $25-$30 if we hit 115K then. Chris's earlier comment was "If we end up making a wave 2 (If we get 6 or more Stretch Goal minis) wave 2 will be the same as wave 1" Glory seeker pledge rather (*!*) - bad typing. Looking at the numbers..... The wave 1 Boss monsters are $30 as an add-on for the 5. Wave two will probably include 4 minis if we reach 110k so that will be around $20-$25 ? or so. So the Gorly seeker pledge looks fairly good if mini's interest you. Come on 175K!!!!!!! hey no worries- the mystery adds to the excitement- we're awash with swag! thx- now I'm clear (for the time being!) So Chris, would the Wave 2 minis come in 2 separate packs- one for boss monsters the other for characters? Paola, Looking at Chris's comments seems they have not worked out the costs and the extra minis will be an add on after the project has closed (unless you are a Glory seeker and above as you will get whatever mini's have been unlocked). We have dropped a little on Kicktraq, so it would be good if everyone gives the link a click (its how I and others find projects to back). It also has some interesting info. If you visit, its good to click a few links back to the project as it seems to count more on the site with the ranking system. <url>´valuable´ than others xD So if i choose the adventure pack men of bad intentions in the 2 free choice of tomb raider pledge i will receive also the minis with it ? @Chris i think they red skull got a copyright so be careful about using those xP @santanz depends which german people youre talking too but in general theyre still touchy about it Germany does not take kindly to certain historical Icons/images and names... @ Oooh good one from the update ´Artwork subject to alteration or change for specific European Countries´ just because u said youre gonna print in germany xP Does the new minis comes with the adventure pack cost or not ..? @ Chris yes it sure is XD WOOOP more minis!!! @Chris - I just sent you a private message via Kickstarter. If you have a chance check it out. BGG and reddit both get hateful when you post KS projects. Tried to put a notice on BGG about the campaign ending but got accused of spamming so deleted my comments out. Can't wait for this, looks fantastic @martin, The Glory Seeker contains all the minis and all the adventure pack. I find myself wondering know how in the world will the box be constructed to keep all of the minis, tokens and tiles organized. I'd even up my pledge to get the gorgon or the horsemen! It would add so much to each episode to have a boss mini for each! One question does the 30 dollar add on include all boss minis that get unlocked when they get unlocked? That'd be awesome! Just had to add those boss monster minis! They look- EPIC! :) @maken all d6 for sotlt are replaced by double six dice including the extra dice for glory seeker, as of now all minis are unpainted, no confirmation about painted mini option if it does then it would be as an add on i think. Lots of people want to paint the minis themselves or not 41 to go to another Stretch Goal! Is there an option for painted mini? Does glory seeker also include the 12 double 6 dice? I was away for a while so didn't follow all the posts and update. Thanks for helping. @Rad. No worries. Things are in good hands, with a lot of the work already on paper. I'm confident that the process we've worked out will work beautifully. Backers great dialog! Thank you for answering the questions even before we get a chance to lol :) They say it takes a village to raise a child... glad we have 640 backers to raise the Tomb! And also thank you for your complements on the campaign. We literally bit our heart and soul into the projects creation! @Tom yes beter start writing on those scenarios now, we unlocked a lot of SG (unfortunately for you x)) @TerryChang: The GripMat is a cross-promotion with another KS project that costs $45+. EEGames' inclusion of it and licensing is a convenience and benefit to us, but costs them time with no economy of scale. So it would be difficult (i.e., totally uneconomical) for EEGgames to make it a stretch goal. OTOH, if you want to BOOST your pledge, please add GripMat(s) ($45/50 per) to your pledge. if gripmat is included in glory seeker i am sure more people will jump to glory seeker now Just to clear up my previous comment. It's now that the work begins for ME. Chris and Jim have done something exceptional for Our first time out. We've learned a lot, and it will make the next Game Designs a bit less daunting than this one. A Great Learning Experience for the three of us, and all of the Backers deserve nothing but the Best. @Maken gripmat and t-shirt xP What add-ons are not included in glory seeker? @metaldiceguy i agree with you there the guys at EEG have been very generous regarding their SG and free contents for their game, also their dedication for communicating with the backers during the KS period are exemplary Point is that I think EEG is being extremely kind and probably breaking even on those stretches to get some more games and components into everyone's hands. Hopefully this thing has a great close and we won't have to worry about adding them later ;-) From my experience I can tell you that's pretty tough. Each mini ends up costing multiple thousands to make. To be honest I am very surprised that minis can be added for an extra $5K of OVERALL sales. Even the big boys like Cool Mini's and Mars Attacks etc. needed $10K minimum for each mini they added and that's from a base sale of at least one million bux. So for those who are going with Glory Seekers, is it possible there could be the option to purchase just the Mini's for the Adventure packs in the future for those we don't reach by the end of today? My OCD will drive me crazy knowing that I am missing mini's. Bump of Cody's chart to keep it from getting buried: <url>"1 Full Extra Set of Custom Dice" @metaldiceguy well i got the same feeling with couple of KS projects like KDM, arena rex and drake but at least i had a chance to ninja a black friday gold pledge for KDM couple of weeks ago xP My biggest fear with this one is that next week a whole lotta people are going to be commenting "Damn! I wish I had pledged for this!". It just has that appeal right? @metaldiceguy yes they exchange the normal dice to double six but if u want to add more double dice u still need to add shipping at least thats what i read from the main page @Cody Awesome! Hopefully this cold weather is going to keep people inside and browsing Kickstarter. I would love to see this thing really snowball tonight. A lot of KS in this money range boost 10-20% in the last 12 hours. If that happens we're all going to get a lot of goodies ;-) Double Sixes are now the main dice in every copy of the game. I believe the Double Sixes are included free now in the Glory Seekers as well too. I just noticed that were missing the mini for the most adventurous gamer in the world character o_0 @metaldiceguy yep 65 of EB3 gloryseeker amount to almost $16k @Paolo yes the calculation would be: pledge + pledge shipping ($25) + add on1 + add on2 etc + add ons shipping ($15), the first add on is included in the pledge shipping. for gripmat and double six u need to add additional shipping for them because they are shipped separately From what I can see if you want to add a significant amount of stuff and the extra money is not a problem The Glory Seekers are an awesome value. Not to mention if just the 65 Early Bird GS'ers are scooped up before midnight we will hit 3-4 more of the stretch goals. Damn ! I want the Excalibur Adventure Pack at 125K soooooo much !!! Let's get it !!! well if for ex." I wish to add the Epic adv. book + Drakkus + The Boss Minis +Meridian of Medusa for a total of 90USD and I already paid for 25USD shipping handl. how much should I add 15 ?? and furthermore will I can do this when the campaign ends?? @Jason sorry you found the format a bit confusing, we have so much great stuff to include we tried to be as clear as possible. The comparison chart provided by Cody (@Cody Thanks) was our solution to help simplify the decision process. Glad it helped. By the way the savings will be even greater for glory seekers now that the wave 1 boss minis have been unlocked! But every level (as you can see in the comparison chart is FULL of savings! Welcome Aboard :) Don't over think it. ...or perhaps that should be Come On Up. We could reach 666 backers by the end- Secret Satan, Come On Down! the emperor drakkus adventure it's a Kickstarter Exclusive you can add it to your pledge it's USD 10. Ahh thanks... Cody, that was very helpful! Do we know which of those are exclusives? I know the Zombie Apocalypse pack is, but any others that I should know of? Don't have enough money for Glory Seeker, unfortunately, so trying to decide what would be a good lower level to pledge at... how much is the internation costs for adding addons ?? @Jason here is a table I hope this helps. <url>"Glory Seeker" gets everything (including every Stretch Goal), and the other levels do not. So if you can afford it, the GS is the way to go (extra dice, Vault of Perseus items, etc.). Good luck, = Joe = This has one of the most confusing sets of pledge levels I've seen.... is there some sort of updated table that lays out what every pledge level gets? @Sandeep - Thanks, We are in the process of getting the Colossus rendered in 3D. Will Share once complete. Im sure your gonna love this one! Great job with everying, Jim! Any chance we get to see a 3D rendering of the Land Colossus? I'd love to see what George Washington put up against Cornwallis' Kraken! With only a $5000 interval between goals...we should be able to hit some goals in 24 hours @John Wrot - Thanks for the support! And it was awesome playing the King's Armory with you last month! Can't wait to get that in the mail later this year as well :) How bout this.... PLEDGE INCREASED! BOOYAAA! Thanks! @Robert Wow! The universe certainly has a lot of really cool stuff! Congrats by the way on your PHD!! Trillion suns* My other focus of research was quasars. Black holes roughly a billion times the mass of the sun that are consuming material so voraciously that it grinds against itself into its huge maw (event horizon) that it emits more light than a trillion sund Well I got all this stuff rattling around in my head after all these years. Just small things like the age of the universe, the ultimate fate of all existence, quantum effects, multiple dimensions... On and on. The universe is so crazy and awesome that maybe you guys at epic games came up with it..., Oh, and for anyone wondering who I am (now that I am flooding the comment board) I'm Jim, the lead art designer for EEG. Chris needed to take a Tomb Nap in preparation for our final hours, so I am covering him for the time being. @Robet - Sinister and interesting! Concept is already on our ideation board for sinister ideas to consider :) "Spaghettification" .... Awesome! and Robert you have been verified by the tomb, and Google (lol) "In astrophysics, spaghettification (sometimes referred to as the noodle effect[1]) is the vertical stretching and horizontal compression of objects into long thin shapes..." @Jake,Paul, Robert - In regards to release timing we are going to do everything in our power to release the game in a timely fashion, but as Chris stated we are definately going to make sure what is released is Quality! But our promise is to you is that you will be well informed every step of the way as we progress from funding to shipping. Can't wait for us all to get the finished product! I have been playing the beta prototype for a few months now and still can't believe I am playing something that we had a part in creating! A very humbling and exciting experience. THANK YOU to all of our backers! I can see it now, it started as 3 people traveling up a path to the Tomb that looms ahead...now we are over 600 strong and growing! :) My personal favorite technical astronomy term: spaghettification. It is a term describing how the tidal forces of a black hole pull someone apart as they enter its gravitational field. You basically get pulled into an extremely long string of material. I could come up with oodles of astronomy stuff to feed a tomb adventure. The universe is full (95% of all material) of a substance called dark energy that we know absolutely nothing about. Sounds a bit sinister doesn't it? @Robert - "WIMPS & MaCHO" I love it! What great titles to discribe Dark Matter... hmm, might be an inspiration for future Tomb adventures... @Kenneth - Glen is correct, The Wave 1 Boss Minis are included in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level and will be available for add-ons for all levels below Glory Seeker. Very excited about this one! Check out the 3D Art Chris posted in the updates... you thought the art looked good, the 3D sculpts are amazing!! If you are a Glory Seeker or above you get them for free otherwise yes you have to pay for them as an Add-on. Add on section What's up with these minis? Do we get them in the core game, or did we unlock them in the payed add NOS section? @metaldice I'm not surprised, it is a pretty laid back field. Papers and theses often have funny names. We have WIMPS and MaCHOs as theories for dark matter Congrats on 100K EOP team! 25 hrs to go... how many more stretch goals can we hit :) @Robert Congrats on the PhD!! It reminds me of a funny story from Astonomy 101 (err something low end like that - its been 20 years ;-). I loved the class but forgot most of the facts....but I can never forget the prof saying that his buddy's Thesis for doctorate was titled "Our Friend Mr. Sun".....how the hell did that he get that through???? Quality before speed. Always the best policy. We learned that tough lesson at BFR on our first game. True, I add 6 months to the total but, some of mine run over by a year or more! Granted, we're talking quality products. I hope they delay it as needed but, am curious about feature creep and how it'll affect the whole project. I suspect a two month delay for the dice and probably a bit extra for the content upgrades such as minis. I go to a few conventions over the summer and fall and was curious about which ones I'll be bringing this to. I hope they take as long as they need. I am more than willing to wait for something this awesome. KS shipment targets are always a bit optimistic. I always add 6 months to whatever they say and then I'm rarely disappointed. I'd rather they took a bit more time a produced a first rate game than rush it to completion. I have no doubt that Chris and his team will be working hard now that his baby is funded. Can you imagine how cool it will be to get all the finished component together and look upon the completed game for the first time? I remember seeing my first publication in print… “WOW” Congrates! My only question is what's the current plan for delivery? Are we still looking at May or sometime by December? AWESOME!!!!!! SO excited! Woohoooo !!!!! Holy Taco Sauce!!!!!! and WE DID IT...BOSS MINIS FUNDED!!! 100K!!! Woohoooooooo!!!! 100k!!! we are 42(the answer to life the universe and everything) away from BOSS MINIS! Ahhhhh - $103 to Wave 1 Boss mini's the suspense is killing me! Yea 5 and a half years. that sounds like it was very interesting! Gratz! A PhD is a hugh achievement. It was on how stars form in groups instead of one at a time For me it would have to be the create a character. If you guys decide that you could add an 11th, let me know. It would be an awesome graduation present I could get myself congrats on your astronomy PHD Robert! out of curiosity what was your thesis on (simply as possible) I am jealous. I just got my astronomy phd today (thesis defense this morning). I would totally have made an awesome astronomer character. @Robert there is still room to upgrade to a mythical demigod and immortalize yourself in a room in the Tomb! @Robert, I got the last one !!! (I'm hoping that there will be a need for an Engineer character) Now I wish there were more create a character tiers so I could give you more if my money! I just snapped up a Glory Seeker. I feel lucky to have seen this game before the end of the kickstarter! Good luck on the last push to $100K Pins and Needles for this last $500 dollars. Great job, Chris and Jim. Proud to be with you guys. Now the work begins... Oh I forgot......everything epic right?!?!!! Can't wait to see how many minis and characters can be unlocked.....this game is getting really big.....it reminds me of the Mars Attacks without paying more and more $ to get more stuff....are you sure this is real Chris? ;-) @chris yeah knowing some of my mates when playing they always try to put the tiles on the side where its the least convenience -_- I just wanted to say that I have a lot of faith in this team to deliver an amazing product. They have been absurdly quick and responsive to all our questions. In my experience with KS they go do far above and beyond. I just can't wait to see what the final product will be. You guys are amazing! Lets crush those last goals! Yea. Interlocking tiles will be pretty awesome. Sorry for my doubts earlier! Interlocking tiles are needed if u want to move already build tomb because of for example u want to put a tile on a position where the tomb is too close to the corner of the table, so kind of moved the whole tomb to the middle of the playing surface My concern over the interlocking pieces is that over time/usage the pieces will become frayed similar to older puzzle pieces that bend or have their design peel off. Almost makes the gripmat a moot point as the interlocking tiles will keep the board in place. I am sure it will be awesome either way. I am super excited about this project! Yea. I guess it would also be an issue if you were pulling blindly since it would give away if the room was a dead end. Personally I guess I'm not as. Crazy about interlocking tiles for this reason. I do think it will be weird for interlocking bits on dead ends @Chris, Following for the updates, if the mini's are going to be painted or coloured, it would be good if we can opt out of this so we can paint them ourselves if we want to. Robert da Silva I disagree, because if u build from the room next to the dead end it won't be possible to put down that tile. because it has no interlocking holes or pins. so the pin from the room next to the dead end room can't be placed. You can't build around it either. so I think it best if we make all the sides interlock able. I was gonna recommend it myself but the i thought i through. the easiest way of doing this is to make all the tiles sides interlock able. For the interlocking tiles, it would be cool if there wasn't any interlocking bits on dead ends since not all edges are supposed to be connectable. Or else it will be weird. Pleased to see this doing so good now! Interlocking tiles was what I was looking for! Might get the boss monsters as an add on maybe if they make it! Great stuff regardless! Maybe you can ask The Museum Curator- Retailer Awareness Pledgers about how many copies of this game they want to buy from you. and all the addons they want to buy. Ask them about all that they want to buy and maybe you can use that information to sum up a total income from all the retailers. And add that sum total to the Stretch Goal counter ? I know that all of us want all the stuff and advetures we can get. so it would have heped alot if you could work something like that out! I'm sure you want this game to get ass much stuff as it possible can. finaly I have one question about the interlocking tiles. In the picture of the strech goal I think you have designed it wrong. If yu design it like that you wi only be able to place the tiles in to different direction. 0 degrees and 180 degrees. I think that wasn't your intesion. I think that u ment to make one pin sticking out on the left and then a whole for another pin from another tile. and make all the sides and the tiles like that. this wil make the tiles able to be placed in any direction :) anyway thank you for making this awesome game! hope may comes earlyer this year!!! :D @EEG. You have ran a good campaign from what I researched, and have taken good time for updates and responses. That's what I look for in a Kickstarter. I almost forgot about this project till I was reminded about you guys via GripMat (another great Kickstarter you have partnered with). so you can thank them for another Glory Seaker backer. Guys, Chris hasn't let us down all the time. Let's push it forward ! A lot can happen in 36 hours ! 36 to go... can't wait to see where this one ends up. Super happy for you, Chris! dj grandpa back and approved.. had a great convo with chris on the cirb and he backed me.. <url>"locked in". Now we are onto the boss minis! Let the race for the minis begin !!! After the last update I had a look at the stretch goals to see where the mighty Kraken fits. I was very happy to see its part of the $100k goal which we have a good chance to get! @chris the extra set custom dice with the glory seeker pledge will also be double six or just regular d6? Thanks Chris :) Sporting an SOTLT logo for the final 48! Chris, font Font tab of equipment is terrible, I hope it is not the final design ... You can show the final design of card? Or it is now in desiogn process (sorry by my no good English) ... :) to continue on Aaron's idea, What about pre-orders(for a certain amount of time) on the website also going towards any stretch goals? i love the size of the kraken mini....or perhaps it can be even bigger????? i want them alllllll Will you be counting money received on BackerKit towards any stretch goals not achieved during the KS campaign? Does the epic gamer will have an exclusive miniature? Where can I read up more details about the adventure packs. I can only pick two so I'd like to know what I really get, especially about the 'journey to the tomb' one. we should hit 95k without any problem and we SHOULD hit 100k we probably will hit 105k depends on what magic chris is gonna on the last 24 hours Looking at progress on Kicktraq- thanks to all the recent pledges, I'm confident of getting the last SG I was hoping for- upgraded tiles- and I think you Glory Seeking chaps will get at least some of the mini sets. Would be tricky to make self-printed cards indistinguishable from the professional ones in the Objective deck? That aside, could- with permission- scan the blanks provided and then overlay own text using suitable software. @greatlich I think SG for $85k already include blank cards @Chris - Regarding the Create your own Adventure Script, will you provide PDF so that we could print our own cards? Let's HIT 100K before 48 hour notice ! Lol... yeah guess I was so excited for the AWESOME wave 1 boss minis that I overlooked to cool interlocking tiles :) Hmmm what was that next stretch goal again... oh yeah... Wave 1 BOSS MINIS!!! Welcome to the team Brig Gen. Patrick Drake! And there it is 90k! Welcome Brigadier general! I'm a little confused about the add-on menu. If I'm interested in some of those items, do I have to add their amount to my backer level payment now, or can I pay separately later? @Howard Sorry, click on the link to the project on the web page. We have hit the top ten so have moved to their front page. @Stephen I do not understand what you mean by "kick the link to the project" could you explain this? Thanks. Another Dice Question: In the Add-on menu you can still order the normal 6 Sided dice for $8. If I add say $16 to my Glory Seeker bid does that mean I can select 2 sets of the etched normal 6 sided dice? Its good to visit the site once and day as it resets 4.00pm (Australian Sydney AEDT <url>"I told you so!" come end of May, instead of me saying it. Good luck! @Chris now that's what I call an epic answer to the schedule question- thanks! So is the Reader's Digest Abridged Version more or less- currently expect to deliver in May, subject to quality issues being manageable within current plans? Oh, and the German printing option sounds exciting- not only for their reputation for quality, but also because i'd expect them to be pro-active in working in partnership with you- they can ensure their extensive experience is shared with yourselves, something that the emerging economies can't (yet) offer to the same extent. @chris printing in germany? then i have no doubt about the quality, they be top notch Quality always come first !!! We are helping to make a dream come true...I've never expect any KS I backed to be on time. The delivery time stated on the KS page is always an estimation. So please do you best to make a high quality game...I guess we won't mind some delay... Question: How much interaction is there between players? or is it everyone for them self just using the same board, and trying to get the objectives, is there actually interaction, (sharing abilities, items, powers ect) I generally a +6 month for delivery on kickstarter boardgames producing in china. @Andre I appreciate your elaboration and that your intention is good- but not everyone will be as patient, and there's a risk of this alleged issue spooking backers at the 11th hour, so I hope Chris can give us an update on the delivery schedule. Pushing back the delivery date is no panacea- it would almost certainly increase project costs and definitely delay cashflow, not desirable at any time but particularly if the project budget has been fixed at the end of the KS. The risk would then shift towards the project being uncompleteable- and even I know there's been no shortage of those on KS. Look, I wish them the best, and I backed them. I just want to make sure every one here has realistic expectations. Heck, if EEG came on and admitted that they may have been a bit optimistic about the date, I would be very impressed and might even upgrade my pledge knowing that they were probably a little over zealous about the project, instead of being profoundly deluded about the time frame for the production of such a massive game. We're talking basic project management- but why assume that isn't the way that EEG work? @Chris, waken from your tomb and give us a (reassuring) sign! @cody Under-promise, over-deliver. That's how I would run a project. @Andre that works to I would rather the creator pad the the delivery date for unseen delays, and for all stretch goals that have been planned. That way the game has a much better chance of being delivered on time, and if things go smoothly every one cheers because it arrives early. Personally I would rather the game be late and be/look amazing than be on time and suffer for it. @Andre you wise old duck, I see KS in this case as more of just a funding stream. My personal experience of producing a game- along time ago, in a pre-digital age, is that May delivery is quite possible if the company are diligent. It's their first product and has plenty of potential for add-on sales so they have plenty of incentive to pull out all the stops. @Sully He he!! I see this is your first kickstarter. I remember tose free and easy days of KS innocence. *sigh* Well grasshopper, as most KS vets will tell you, 95% of ALL board game KS are late and usually by at least 3 months. Experience shows me that a 5 month production window is ludicrous even without stretch goals. Personally I trust the Everything Epic team to deliver around May as stated. The core game is clearly at an advanced stage of development. I think many of the unlocked stretch goals are trivial additions to the production schedule this far ahead of manufacture. Game looks great but we are all fooling our selves if we think this is getting delivered in May!! If I use my usual (and so far very accurate)KS delivery date formula: original KS estimated delivery date, +3 months, +1 week for every stretch goal, we are looking at around mid August, and thats based on just the current amount of stretch goals @Chris: I am trying to avoid excess shipping for international shipping on 2 extras: dd6 dice ($8) + grip mat ($15). Is it logistically possible to ship these included in a "Glory Seeker" package/box? If so, would that avoid the $8+$15 = $23 shipping charge? I ask because, on the home page currently, they are both listed with additional international shipping charges. Are they still being shipped separately, or is it possible to ship them included in the bits for the "Glory Seeker"... even when shipped internationally? Thanks, = Joe = @Paolo, in case you missed it from a few days ago, Chris gave a little more info, though not exactly what you are asking about- "It will come with some monsters and some other special items etc... It does not require the other Adventure Scripts to play... It is stand alone EPICness! :)" New Backer here! It's not an unnecessary buy if I've had it on the brain for so long and realized I would have kicked myself for letting it pass me by, right? Looking forward to sharing this with my game group! Hy does the Epic adventure Book in the addon comes with tiles and boss monster??? thank you chris you should put this picture on your frontpage can someone create a table showing what's extra between fortune hunter and glory seeker??? this will help people identify the value of glory seekr so far the homepage is really hard to compare by scrolling up and down Should be - Hope we get them (^!^) Thanks, they are generous extra stretch goals- hoe we get to them. The 175K Dragon King one seems very interesting. So if we reach $100k all levels starting at Adventurer include all the Adventure Packs? Perhaps if all the remaining stretch goals were not at the glory seeker level there would be more movement. If I was just seeing this project for the first time and took note that all remaining stretch rewards required backing at almost $250 I know that I would certainly pass. @Kevin AWESOME Thanks for the update! EOP Team, don't let up the steam now... there are 2 weeks of voting still to go! We are off to a great start, but lets keep the pressure on to hold onto that 1st place spot! Also Don't forget to stay active on BGG to keep us on the hotness list :) SotLT is in first place in five categories and in second in the other four. NICE! Thanks to All of Our Awesome Backers. As one of Secrets' Creators, I'd like to wish all of you a Great New Year! I'm going back to polishing the Scenarios. They are looking Incredible. wow your doin awesome on the Most Anticipated Games 2014 on BGG Mrs Howard here: Just voted for SotLT in all 9 categories then logged in on my husbands account and voted again in all 9 categories so you got 2 votes from this family - hmmm maybe I should create accounts for each of my daughters hahahaa @Morgan Thanks! I have voted now! ;) I BELIEVE!!! @Chris Right! I think the Interlocking Tiles should come before the New Character. Voted too :) voted Thanks guys for the votes. Really appreciate the support. Voting ends jan 18th and there is a lot of competition. So if you haven't already, please vote and spread the word! @Chris, thanks for the answers. Can you reveal some of the plans? :) About gripmats, do I add the pledge here or on their kickstarter? If here is it the same prices and discounts? @Rick, voted, I was number 54. I voted for SotLT in all categories for the BGG finals, <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. <url># of facebook shares, # of BGG fans, and # of backers, once we reach the target # required, we get deduct from the total funding required to unlock each Stretch Goal. @Rad - thank you! only 15k away from BOSS MINIS! @Kevin currently glory seeker includes the following: custom dice + trap pack + extended tomb pack + meridian of medusa + atlantis pack + drakkus pack + valhalla + epic adventure script. Fortune hunter can get the above packs as addons What is the best way to compare Glory Seeker level to Fortune Hunter level? Is there a graphical representation of the difference somewhere? Just scrolling back and forth on the KS page, it's difficult to determine the overall difference. @Thomas welcome to the team! You picked a great project to be your 1st! Also, on the $100k+ rewards- with just 4 days to go to get the extra $15k, we could do with many more Glory Seekers (or people to upgrade to Glory Seeker), so I think it's fair enough that the rewards give the incentive to pledge at that higher level. Personally I'm happy with what I get at Fortune Hunter level and hope to see Grandpa Potts ;-) and the Upgraded Tiles get unlocked. @Larkin, a lot of game projects I have backed alternate between a lower tier stretch goal and then a higher one. I guess for this project all the lower tier stretch goals are for everyone and the higher tiers are paying for more adventures (I would have preferred monster mini goals like the $100k ones lower down the stretch goals, but can live with things if we don't get them as the game looks fun). I pledged at Tomb Raider level and it is sad that all rewards from $100k on are only add ons we have to pay for. Hi, my first kickstarter .... I look forward to it. ...oh and should have mentioned- as far as I understand it, once the final 50 have been confirmed, all the 1st round votes are wiped so everyone will need to vote again for the final round. BGG Most Anticipated Nominations- well done guys, SotLT is currently at #26 (on the overall list) with 105 votes! The leader has 312 but considering that SotLT was only added 12 hrs ago that's an impressive mobilisation of support (the next highest game added yesterday only made it to 224th place!). Anyway, looks like we'll be in the top 50 which go forward for the final voting- stay tuned for Chris's update which I expect will tell us when and how we can vote- looks like we'll need many more than the 1 in 5 of us who voted in the 1st round. $900 to 85K now! Go Go Go !!! Top Downloaded File, 500 Backers, 1500 to next goal, In the running for most anticipated game of 2014!!! Now were talkin! Thanks backers for making this GREAT!! come on everybody Join in!!! @Chris minis...Minis Minis... MINis... MINIS... MINIS! MINIS!!! MINIS!!! should be possible we just hit the magical 500 backers xP I was just stating that that was the minimum amount needed to get us into the voting for every category. but I believe in the backers of this amazing game and I know that if we all band together we can make some truly amazing things happen like... GETTING THOSE BOSS MINIS!!! @Chris We should be able to get even more thumbs than That?, no I KNOW we can get more thumbs up than that! Tell your friends and spread the word! More votes = higher rank, higher rank= more new members, more new members= more STRETCH GOALS! :) Thanks EOP members for helping put us on the chart! if we get 2 more thumbs up at least we will be in the voting for every category the game has been nominated for. @Cody Thanks! those are the remaining add-ons. @Robert there is also additional copies of the game, doubleSix dice and additional d6 dice. but that is it. I swear, these amazing Kickstarter tabletop games are driving me to the poor house :-) I just pledged at the Glory Seeker level and just wanted to make sure that I am not missing anything. From what I can tell, the only thing that is not included is the playmats and t-shirt. Is this correct? Or are there other items missing from the Glory Seeker package? Can't wait to play this game! ...and every single vote could gain us a position so please help out! thanks to the 6 new voters we're now at #48 (with 66 votes) but obviously all the other nominations will get new votes too. But to put things in to perspective, the #1 nomination has 310 and the #10 just 163- so if most SotLT KS backers voted it could get to #1! BGG Most Anticipated Nominations- only the top 50 go through to the final vote- SotLT is currently at #56! Currently only 60 votes. What about the mini expansion to the Pnp ? This is the first Kickstarter I have ever backed at this high of a level (Glory Seeker) you guys better not disappoint! rank 11 on horror category xP Yeah added the PnP link on the nomination page too xP already at rank 35 for coop and 90 for thematic ok i will go thumb up for you @Peter- oops due to my flaky connection didn't see your last comment below in time... I did it- but see I've been just beaten to it, so I've deleted my entry. Anyway, it's now nomination #245 so let's get thumbing! OK I think I see how to do it- let me know if anyone else has it in hand! Here's the link to the nomination: <url>#item2999145 Hey Chris did you see the nominations instruction "Game designers and publishers are encouraged to nominate their own games by adding them to the list. Don't be humble and wait for someone else to do it"- and at least if you do it yourself you can pick the categories. I'm only a recent contributor on BGG (though been lurking for aeons, as they say) so not confident of doing it right when pressed for time. OK thanks Chris, sounds good, I'm off to order some standalone EPICness! Must admit Ms Ericson does seem to be half embarrassed and angry "I can't believe I have to stand here wearing THIS!"- give the poor girl some decent clothes and replace the PhotoShopped helmet and then she might show more enthusiasm. i really dislike the art of Valhalla Rising especially her face, eyes...looks really dumb...anyone has the same feeling as me??? the artwork so far is really inconsistent, it looks like the 4 horseman is from one game, and Valhalla Rising is from one game, and the rest of artworks are all from different games. While your game concept looks good, i felt the artwork is really the weakest point....this is just my thought.....i really want this game to be good @Chris- the Epic Adventure Script might tempt me- does it come with any components of its own? Does it require any of the additional adventure packs? @ chris : Love it! :P Want it! Maybe a new year resolution? ;) His name is accually Leif Ericson, not Lief. and Leif Ericson is a translated name from the true original Norwegian name Leiv Eiriksson ;) I added Valhalla to my pledge, would go for the glory seeker but its just too much money! Tomb raider plus two story expansions and the Valhalla would mean 40 dollars for shipping? Is that correct? 25 for the game and 15 for the add ons? Cheers! @Chris : Yes both Great games! Can yuo tell me more about the epic Adventure option? The campaign mode? I hesitate to add it to my pledge... :P Well I want to see $90k so we get Grandpa Potts from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang!... <url>"The glory seeker" and "The fortune hunter" and if it's worth 100 dollars more. I feel that I'm missing something! Thanks very much in advance I really hope that we archive the boss miniature stretch goal :) Happy new year everyone! @Martin look at the most recent update <url>#1 on the hotness list update 34 is the correct one. update 35 says"<url>"' Is it just me, or did the goalpost get moved? Reading Update #34, it sounds like we get the adventure pack when we get on the hotness. Update #35 makes it sound like we only get the pack if we make #1 on the hotness? Ha my clicking on BGG yesterday pay up xP Lets keep it up we are so close to #1 9 more slots till number one we are on the hotness list!!!!! :D Sounds good :) are there any future plans for a translation to german or any other foreign languages? Would be proud if I can help(with the german part:) Just give us some more rooms in the pnp mini game please!! I posted in a google+ group with around 8,6K members, hopefully some more will join this great game! Any chances for us Kickstarters to get the (or some) addons as print and play? @Scraps great mate!! ;) @Morgan Thanks! Oddly, everything worked just fine with Firefox. Onward to BGG comments and thumbs up! @Morgan I'm using Chrome. I even turned off AdBlock just in case. I'll give it another try with Firefox. @Scraps, what browser are you using? I think with either Firefox or Chrome you should be fine. Im using Chrome on my iPad and no problem. @Chris Thanks! I just tried registering again and got the same error. I submitted a report to Google via the reCAPTCHA help link but if it's a problem with the BGG website code then I don't know if they can really help. I have done it, it just takes a few minutes and gives us so much. ;) I wish I could register on the BGG site to help out, but their reCAPTCHA service keeps timing out with a 'could not open socket' error. :( Thanks Chris !! Come on Guys let's do this !! Love you like them ... It's just a pity that Tinypic lowered the resolution on them... if we help get on "the hotness" on BGG we might get a new adventure. Thanks a Lot ;) I'll make some monsters too :) an about my project I think it will rock ...prepare for a zombie infested and time travels all on the same Board map :) it will be a sort of zombicide but with something like 200 over chars no 3d minis just print and play 2d vintage coin op style...lots of bullets and normal and zombie chars in it. Anyway don't want to steal space here about my project !! Keep it up guys for secrets of Lost tomb it's cool !! Add Some more rooms in the PNP version please !! Yes thanks Paolo- very amusing and great that SoTLT has inspired fan variants even before it hits the shops! You have certainly captured that video game feel, I look forward to seeing some of your own game. Best wishes for your project, get it up on BGG! [IMG]<url>"board game geek" site yet. Good for a look and I found a lot of good information on the game. <url>"High Emperor Drakkus" but the fact that the other add-on adventure packs have 2 scripts in most of them makes me re-consider. You did say Drakkus would be available later? I was wondering if a price point has been decided on most of the add-ons after the official release? This user's account has been deleted. Thanks a lot. I really love that square mat with horseman at each corner...but 36 x 36 is too big for my table. @Chris - Will there be 24 x 24 Gripmat? I have a pledge at Gripmat already and the 4 horseman is probably going to be the design I pick it is damn pretty. While I love the new Double six dice, I love the symbols on the original six sides dice as well as I may make use of the different symbols WOW !!! The 4 Horsemen Mat is sooooooooooooooooo cool !!! I will use it when playing other fantasy game too.... 75K is just around the corner now ! @Nicolas well some people still dont understand how to read the table since i had seen people ask the same thing even when the table was on the main page. I think the point is people need to take the time to understand what you can get from different pledges Something like that... <url>" x 9" square... Mrs Howard here: @occam yes you can purchase the SotLT maps directly through the Gripmat Kickstarter. The Gripmat kickstarter has also said they can't print art work on both sides only on one but what they might be able to print on the white side is a grid overlay which is what they are still looking into. FYI, I gather these are available direct form GripMats: the "Comets and Portents" is 36" x 36" (+$50 pledge), and the "Historical Comet Chart" is 24" x 42" (+$45 pledge). And, as @Chris & @Rad report, double-sided is yet to be determined (direct from @GripMat). For double-sided (assuming the designs have to be preconfigured for pairs), how about: SotLT "Lost Tomb Cycle" GripMat 36" x 36": side 1) "Comets and Portents" side 2) "Boss Monster Artwork For The Adventure Scripts" SotLT "Global Domination" GripMat 36" x 36": side 1: "EOP --- Historical Comet Chart" world map side 2: "Four Horsemen" facing four corners... as in four corners of the world. Cheers. @Sandeep, great idea --- the four horsemen deserve some love! Perhaps with each horseman facing a corner (in the four corner orientations). I would offer that instead of "EOP - Dark Times" (which doesn't appeal to me at all, and I don't think it does SotLT justice). Four horsemen is another beast (GripMat) altogether. Bring 'em on!-) Any chance of a Four Horseman 36" x 36" grip mat? That'd be brutal. @Chris, could you give stats for the chart (36"x36" or 24"x48" form factor)? Also, but are the SotLT grip mats exclusively through SotLT, or also directly through GripMat? For those of us already with gripmat pledges (and perhaps logistically crazy), could we save shipping by ordering the SotLT grip mats direct with the rest of our gripmat pledge? (Not a crucial question, but for international shipping, it could save some double-billing on shipping.) Thx. @gripmat themselves still testing the double sided map so they are not sure if its possible Great news on dice. If you've seen one pip, you've seen them all. I want SotLT "Cool Thematic Symbols" on my dice... Yehah! Ahh, shipping mats separately makes sense. Thank you. On another note, are the mats double-sided? I am keen on the "Eternal Order of Perseus --- Historical Comet Chart" myself. Is that chart a 24"x48" or 36"x36" form factor? I'd love to have that and "The Comets and Portents" for variety. Thx for all the information. OK, found info on main page. I think that needs an update announcement. Also, I'm not keen on the pip DoubleD6. Are the custom game DoubleD6 still under consideration? Thx. Argh! Where is that information? Also, are the dice and mat shipped separately for international --- and therefore at significant shipping charge (and what is that charge)? Or could we (please) get them all bundled together for shipping together (fingers crossed)? Thx. @Rad, thank you, but where do you see the pricing for the mat and dice (OK, I see $10 for old-school dice, but not the oh-so-essential SotLT custom dice)? @occam just add the additional amount of $ + shipping for the add ons you want. At the end of the KS you will have to fill in survey or pledge manager to specify the add ons you want @Rad, please spill the beans. What is the secret incantation for adding gripmat? Ditto DoubleSix dice (if you know)? Thx. gripmat added xD @Paul well i have to agree that the content of the different pledges shouldnt be changed but i think its a good idea to make more add ons available (gripmat & double six dice) that people could purchase in addition to their pledges because these things could boost the pledge and helps open up more SG. As for interlocking tiles i think its available as one of the SG already Same here Sully. I ended up having to choose one of the options, but hopefully my comments made views clear, which is that I don't want to see fancy dice or gripmaps or interlocking tiles if that means less money available for actual gameplay additions, e.g. new tiles, new stories, new monsters, etc. @Chris which gripmat size should i choose for the world map design? @John glory seeker include almost all add ons except i think T-shirt, gripmat (since its new) and perhaps the double six dice. All add ons available for purchase for all pledgers SURVEY BUG? Didn't let me input an "Other" answer without also selecting one of the defined answers. Is all of the Glory Seeker stuff going to fit in the box? And when you say "Included Add-Ons", do you mean they're part of the Glory Seeker pledge, or available for purchase for Glory Seeker pledgers? Opinion question: Is the game better played on the longer mat or the square mat, assuming one has a table to fit either? Guys, the Apocalypse Horsemen pics are OUTSTANDING!!! Double Sided Dice = Double Six Dice (Sorry) Hello this is Mrs Howard, I am a little confused about the Double Six Dice. From your update I got the impression you are looking to replace the standard 6 sided dice with the new Double Sided Dice (Something I do not want - and voted so on the survey) but from the update on the Double Six kickstarter it sounded like you were looking to add them as additional dice to each of the core games thereby each game would come with both the 6 sided dice and the new Double Six dice. If this is in fact the case that would change my vote to a yes I would like to see the Double Six Dice included. Can you please clarify this situation. Thank you. @Chris You know I am a big fan and have been pimping this game out like crazy since I found it. I'm one of the super early Glory Seekers, but as we near the end of the campaign, I am noticing the Vault is looking a bit sparse. There is definitely value in the game and I'm not going anywhere but you may want to consider adding a few items/adventures to the vault above what you have to really differentiate it and make it an unbeatable value. I'm just giving suggestions, no negativity here. I can't wait to play! I noticed that the competitive mode unlocks both include new trap tiles and cards. Are those also usable for solo or coop play, or are they specific to the pvp games? @Chris & EEG: Could you confirm the secret (?) handshake and financial numerology to order 1 Glory Seeker bound for USA (e.g., $235) and 1 Glory Seeker bound for Switzerland ($235+40) = $510? Would that incantation succeed? Much appreciated. Kudos on the buzz, game design, and well-deserved success! = Joe = Gripmat got update on SotLT design!!!! Christmas was good to me this year. I don't have to sell my kidney to pay for my $100 pledge! Yay! Project still trending around the $100,000 dollar mark on quicktraq, Not bad but hopefully it will pick up after the holidays. <url>"mini" little Christmas! !! and we have minis for Christmas!!! Would love to know more about the Gripmat addon...I am getting two 24 x 48 from that KS. So close so close - minis for christmas please. Nice to see your ad on board game geek! Hoping to get those miniatures underneath the tree, tonight! Wow... looks like minis will be in those stockings tomorrow! Keep up the work team!! gripmat for sure xD Well, Bianca seems to be boosting the pledges nicely! Or perhaps it's the allure of the GripMat... We're picking up some momentum now. Hopefully, that carries through Christmas. Want this bad gonna try and get enuff $$ I think it would help pledgers make up their minds if there was specific detail or examples of how much the actual gameplay (not just theme and protagonists) varies between the different scripts/scenarios. @Chris awesome \o/ @Chris so are u going to add the gripmat as addon for this KS? its kind of sad now a days people just go for minis instead of game play, thats why i backed this and MA and not HQ, AVP, krosmaster or megaman because i believe the game play would be awesome I have only been a backer for an hour or so. I think as the mini's start to mount up there will be more backers. Even so, after watching the video of the game play it looks like a great game anyway. We will hit 70K for sure! This is a great game in itself even without those minis! After all this game is not minis oriented...the system and gameplay is where it shines! we didn't grow much these weeks, a bit disappointing...was thinking maybe because of the Christmas but looking at Machina Arcana, they've reached 140k now even no more SG and still growing strong. To be honest, i don't think this will reach my target goal (175k with all minis) 14 days to go, i will wait and see if i am gonna cancel this or not. I know chris has done everything he can do...but we are not growing well so far. @Chris dang i want that map gripmat, I was going to get gripmat before their KS is done but if i can get through the add ons then it would be awsome Do we fight the Horsemen all at once or separately? It would be cool if they have individual triggers to spawn separately and each have separate abilities. Let's get those minis on X'mas day! Sounds great!! Can't wait to see them. @Chris - Have you considered making the character minis a bit more animated. What I mean is that they all look like they are standing at attention. Unless there is a design characteristic that requires they all be in the same pose of course. I think multiple different action poses might make the minis look more exciting to new backers, and current backers as well. This user's account has been deleted. o_0 amount of backers going up but the pledge going down? This teetering on the edge of the $70K is so painful... So what would be the stretch goal amount for Mr Braithwaite to do all of the art in the game...? Will the new monsters for Men of Bad Intentions include **** to kill? This user's account has been deleted. After seeing the artwork for the horseman of the apocalypse I really want those to be minis! At last, I'm here to comment. Excellent work so far. Woohoo! Getting close to those minis! I loved the DoubleSix dice. I went and backed them. We can never have too many dice. :) Dang, and that should have been dodecahedra. Ah, childhood memories of rolling marbles at toy soldiers...before the life-changing discovery of wargame rules (thankyou the recently departed Donald Featherstone). BTW I must have been concentrating too much on spelling dodecahwotsits...I of course meant to say "fistsful". Oh the shame. Fistfuls of dodecahedrons are more likely to cause collateral damage on the gaming table. Slippery blighters en mass and they roll further. I'll stick with boring old cubes when I need d6, thanks! I've seen the DoubleSix Dice and thought they were really cool as well. Youd would haveto customize them like the green dice in the game. Nah, I prefer the traditional D6s.... I'm confused about the dice. From the home screen: What’s in the Core Game Box:* • Rulebook •4 Adventure Scripts (Double Sided) •50 Tomb Room Tiles •8 Character Sheets (More in Stretch Goals) •8 Custom Laser Etched Dice But there are 8 custom dice as an $8.00 add on, are they differant than want comes in the game? I'm on it! @Adam - lol, thats how I joined :) Yeah. I liked the idea... I thought the gain 2 courage would be like they had been indoctrinated... Then be more of a hindrance to the other players... if they had more courage. There's an interview? I would have thought i'd have to send some kind of resume with a photo of me in a indie hat first... @ Grouik No. It's not a word. You've obviously been affected by the coming of the comet... 'Your feeling's of disturbances in the 'tomb' are a reflection of nightmares you've been having since you were 5 years old. 'Night terror's' the doctor called them. You seemed awake, but were still fighting off shadowy figures reaching out for you... Make a 'Faith' check... If you fail (gain 2 courage) ... You finally realise the nightmares were a calling. Calling you into service. You must protect the tomb... Move to and attack the nearest player character... If you pass... (Gain 1 Faith) You shake the nightmares off screaming "No!!!!!!!" You hear a voice... This time, it's not in your head, "How dare you defy the tomb!" Shadowy hands appear in front of you and reach for your throat... (Spawn one regular monster). If you defeat the monster. You regain all courage +2. Yep... pretty keen to play this game... Bring on the minis! My fellow Perseusians (is that even word? ^^) I feel a disturbance in the tomb... The minis are approaching! O_o I'm not a big fan of shirts in kickstarters. Its just one of those things that isnt important to me. Won't make me not back or back more either way :) @Tom As the T-shirt designer and Graphic artist - thank you for your interest in our product :) we are doing everything we can to get as much of our product to as many people as possible. Our company was made possible by YOU the backers. "For the Gamer, by the Gamer" @chris so the shirts are not shipped together with the game? thats all i can ask :) thanx ah yes one compaint - why no t-shirts for us non-us people? too expensive to send? @Chris will do - just watched a Dice Tower vid - but now lets get this baby flying here so that we get all expansions @Chris "Our characters and the Eternal Order of Perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the Black market where they are able to obtain Lots of cool weapons and stuff" ...man, are you a slick operator ;-) Even without that compelling justification, it would be mean-spirited of me, having embraced the concept of the secret tomb and its denizens on a reappearing island, to take issue with an item turning up a year or so ahead of its "real" historical schedule :-) damn it now i have to buy this game and Fortune and Glory :) @Chris perhaps i missed it but are there `named` artifacts of epic proportion that the player can use like the necronomicon, mjolnir, the Ark, pandoras box etc. instead of a general artifact like the gem or scroll? Tom = da bomb posting vid on all my gaming fb site Concise and informative review by Tom. It was good to see more detailed examples of the various decks. Interesting (well, for me anyway!) to learn that the gameplay is set no earlier than mid-WWII (M1 Carbine went in to production late 1941). Is it me are is the first room explored in Tom Vasel's review incorrectly put? Otherwise great review with Tom as always! :) The Undead Viking Review was fun and complete! :) And he is right to be a proud dad! :) Where is there an X on the objective cards? O_o I do not feel it goes with the design. :) Sorry that was a spell check auto conversation. .. thank you UNdead Viking :) Yes thank you Dead Viking. We really appreciate your time and candid feedback. I loved the colorful description of what you felt like while playing the game! Great to see the Undead Viking review! I love reference to Twilight Zone! It's about time physical games started being compared with other media besides other board games! I can't wait to see the stats of the "Most Adventurous Gamer" because the solo player is gonna need big guns and abilities to take down those bad guys! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I believe that backers are investors...we take risk....so I guess some exclusive stuffs are great incentives... @Grouik- indeed, if people didn't buy now it would never be available. Personally I like exclusives to be relevant and useful. Plus it is normal for backers to have more stuff in their games after all they helped make the game. You can always buy the game in store later without the exclusive content which is not mandatory to play. I agree with Jorge Barreiros that exclusives are a bad thing. It makes a project like this a "buy now or never" decision for me personally. I have not made up my mind yet. Will the exclusive Drakkus expansion be available for pledges outside The Gloryseeker, by the way? @Chris, & Tom, & Jim - ... see ya soon! ; ) @Chris - I feel much better now. ; ) "Rodger" "MacPhee" ... the Maori!? Come on! I want his Maori name!, not his 'adopted by a Scottish science teacher' name. : P Sweet, so I guess this was one of the final two he was talking about. Cant wait to see it! Thanks Chris! @Terry, Tom Vasel said he's no longer doing paid previews. He said he had two left to do and that was all he would be doing. Maybe another reviewer from the dice tower would do them, but I took it as they wouldn't be doing them any longer at all. i thought you are asking dice tower tom vasel to give the game the review??? the numbers of backers probably will boost significantly after the video is up. any idea when will it be available? McPhee has been reached! Now onto the miniatures. The reorganization of the site is working. Good work guys. I have a question about game play. How replayable do you see each adventure? Once you beat one, do you think most players will be less likely to play it again, or are the adventure cards and tiles diverse enough to want to play it again and again? Kickstarter exclusives are always a point of contention, but I do think they suck. I understand the allure and I know they are incentives for some people to back. However, I can't really find any satisfaction in knowing I'm getting something that is exclusive. All it really comes down to is that some part of the game will be denied to future players other than me just because they couldn't back at this time, didn't learn of the game until after the project was funded or simply wanted to wait and see (which is a perfectly respectable position). It's also a way to paint yourself into a corner as a designer, because there is a part of the game you must design, support and produce that will not be made available to a large majority of your clients and won't provide you with future income. Some gamers with completionist tendencies may feel they have an "incomplete" product. Someone once suggested all exclusives should be accessory stuff, with no impact on gameplay, and I do emphatically support that point of view. Also, I think a great compromise is time-limited exclusives (e.g: something made available to backers in the campaign will not be made available to the public at large before 1 or 2 years after launching). I'm not really complaining about anything or anyone, just speaking my mind. And believe me, if this was in March/April, I'd be a Glory Seeker in a heart beat. :P And AWESOME, now I have to go sell a kidney! :P Also I completely understand the reasoning behind exclusives: The previously mentioned Boss monsters had something like 20 cards, several of which were bosses and heros, special level up tokens, foil prints of each of the bosses, including the bonus ones, and a nifty gold sleeve for the box (If I'm remembering them all) as exclusives for backers, but all of those were stretch goals for the basic $30 pledge. Sure at $50 we got the mini-expansion for free, but that will also be on sale in their store. I can understand there being exclusives, I just think putting some of the exclusives at 4 times the cost of the basic game seams a bit extreme, especially since those backers are already getting EVERYTHING else. Well if I can get "Emperor" as one of the 2 choices, then I probably would pledge $95, if I can somehow get that much in 21-22 days. I guess I'd just need Chris to give me the okay for getting Emperor as one of my 2 choices... @Rad -:) @realm nice so mini SG by tomorrow then? @Chris - We just featured Secrets of the Lost Tomb on an update to the Awesome List members, so we should see a jump in pledges and backers. It hit over 1000 inboxes. With any luck that should open a few more stretch goals!! @Chris no problem you can also added something digital like MA, for example story book, art book or soundtrack/music etc. Some people dont like it if u charge them for PDFs or soundtrack as add ons but some of us dont really mind since i see it as paying for IP. It does help with getting more pledge and game immersion. @michelle its more efficient if u pledge on EB tomb raider $95 you get most adventurous+ zombie + 2 packs (1 of it can be high emperor). for explorer pledge $80 you get most adventourous + 1 pack (either zombie or high emperor) and need to spend another $20 to get the other pack, so in total u spend $100 for 1 pack less compared to EB tomb raider $95 @Chris sorry i wasnt too clear, i didnt mean the vault of perseus content, i mean something like the t-shirt, its an add on that u can get by pledging more $ but not included in any of the pledge levels. Since im already at glory seeker i already get everything except the T-shirt but i cant get those since im not in US thus i was thinking perhaps u can add something that the glory seeker can add like dice bag, card sleeves or something that didnt impact game play (fluff) so we glory seeker can contribute more for the project. btw adding dice (its there already) and perhaps the blank templates (available as SG already) as add ons will help too. Here's my thinking; This seams like it's going to be among the level of epicness as Runebound and Arkham Horror. Those games I've spent hundreds on buying addons over the years. So I have no problem getting them later. If Drakkus will later become a purchaseable add-on then I'm more than happy to hand out $80, and just get Zombie as my pack of choice. I've just always felt like it was poor sport to have some really nice addons that were out of everyone's reach. Last game I backed was "Boss Monster" and the only pledges over $50 (I understand a card game is cheaper than a tile/board game, mind you) were early release, or extra freebies. The base game was $30, so 60% more than required got you everything that wasn't later offered. With this base being $60, in my opinion anything more than $120 for "non-purchasable" later offers doesn't seam fair. I'm not talking like "your own character" or "your own dungeon" style things, just expansions, or other ways to play the game type things. I dunno if that makes sense, or just seams like I'm complaining... Anyways I think I'm gonna sell some stuff I don't need any more so that I can get that $80. :P Oh... okay so you can't get all the exclusives unless you do "The Glory Seeker" as High Emperor is part of Vault. Well that's a nice how-do-you-do. Wait, the $95/100 goal is the first with Zombie. That'd give me 2 packs, which granted gives me an extra that isn't a limited time only offer, but still.... So then to get Zombie, Most Adventurous, and High Emperor, the Kick starter exclusives, all I'd need to do is pledge $80? That auto gives Most Adventurous and Zombie, and I'd just choose High Emperor as my pack of choice? I mean I'll gladly buy the others down the road, that is... @Chris is there any plan to have additional fluff add ons for glory seeker (which already includes all gaming related packs), like dice bag, extra mini (when theyre unlocked), plastic tokens etc? zombie pack also exclusive xP @michelle KS exclusive would be currently 'most adventurous gamers in the world' and 'High emperor Drakkus' @michelle all with 'KS exclusive' shouldnt be available later on I have a question: Are all the add-ons going to be available later? I'd love to get pretty much every add on you have, but only have a limited amount of funds available due to the holiday season. I wanna at least hit "The adventurer" but if I'm reading it correctly, unless you hit $235 or higher there are several things you can miss out on... which is about 4 times what I have to spare at this moment. However I'd be more than happy to get several add ons at a time as the months progress... Any chance of drakkus exclusive as addon? Alot of us cant afford the glory seeker but really dont want to miss out on an adventure pack forever So as a fortune hunter level and we hit stretch goals, do i get the minis included for each adventure pack? Or gotta pay extra? Please review shipping to canada. $40 is very high. Can understand other countries but canada and mexico shipping should be way less. Its almost a deal breaker for me and my canadian buds. Only just noticed (following Takapa's comment below) the small print about the $100k Boss minis relating to Glory Seeker level- suggest the word "ONLY" is added to avoid disappointment. Personally I'm not fussed about minis, but if it it's what people want, we'll all benefit in some way- overall I think the new accelerated stretch structure is EPIC- Chris & co I salute you! Nice to see that all pledges are close to the character miniatures now. And I hope that seeing all these "included in Glory Seeker pledge level" starting from 100K will be a good motivation to upgrade some pledges ! How is it possible not to join the Eternal Order of Perseus now ;) when i backed Journey: Wrath of Demons they had some sort of promo such as limited time free offer , if you pledged before the certain date, you can set certain minis for free. After that period, it's the paid add-on. Maybe you can do that to, people usually spend all the money before Christmas, so you can create some freebies that is unique and set deadline to 25th december. here is the example from that game they called Early supporters: Xi Fung as a free gift to some backers that pledged before 28 October, 21:30 EDT. Second Time Limited Gift: Backers that pledge before Monday 18, Nov 4:00pm EST may get a free gift. Great update! :) I want minis! :P Glad to hear you are looking into the options of painted minis. Hope you'll have some good news soon. And please keep painted minis as options, just in case there are backers who like to dip minis into paint cans, just like oreo and mike. Great changes to the schedule and format of the front page. Looking forward to the stretch goals now. You guys are awesome. I love the new Stretch Goal Chart! Thanks for considering backers input! This will certainly keep the ball rolling much better! Posted a news thread under SotLT on BGG talking up the new stretch rewards and levels. It's amazing how much you listen to the backers and how hard you're all working to make this game as great as possible. Thank you! Will there be options to get the mini painted out-right? I have to say, I was very happy with the game the way it was already presented. This update blew me away! I can't believe how much extra value has been added to the game at much lower stretch goals. I can't think of any reason for someone not to back this now. Wish shipping was bit smaller for us canadians. Awful steep i think we need to make SG more easy to encourage more people pledge especially minis...lots people care about it, 250k for minis scared people away @Chris yea i like the new front page, I think it makes it more clearer especially regarding pledge level I like the stretch goals set up personally. Yer gonna hit 200k easy i bet looking at kicktraq we are going negatives these 2 days I see in the video you can immediately go down to lower levels. It seems like it would be more adventurous to have to explore to find ways to the lower levels. Would that break the game if some house rule like that was used? Hopefully the previews by Tom Vasel und Undead Viking will generate new interest, but at the moment it seems pretty much stuck. There needs to be more going on on BGG. Since I love Betrayal atHotH this game seems very eintersting to me, but of course one needs to spread the word.... ;) also to be honest it seems a little steep to have the next stretch goals each be 10k and only give me one new character. it doesn't seem like enough bang for my buck at all and doesn't motivate me to up my backing because I'm fine with where i sit right now. and 250k for minis just seems unlikely right now seeing as how slow the momentum of the backing has gotten to lately. we got to 50 k in week one the added another 10 k week 2 and it seem we're heading for only another 5 k for week 3. just my opinion as i am new to kickstarter and idk if this is how it normally is here. Ya it aint bad. Im just a minimalist :) For example AVP miniatures box , arkham horror and LCG . A great desl of people buy based on first impression, the box art. Interior art is great of course Love everything except the box art. Feels cluttered. A darker feel would rule. A nice logo with dark background even. Im an artist my trade so its first thing i noticed. Wow, quite a timely response! I didn't mean I was pulling out because I like the game concept and have faith that it will only get better but I see the pledges and number of early bird glory seekers slowly declining. I think that this is the reason why. I hope for nothing but resounding success with this campaign. Let's hope for the best. The pledge total is shrinking. I think part of the problem is that there is not enough to differentiate the Fortune Hunter level fro the Glory Seeker level. A few extra tiles, 3 dice and one adventure script does not seem worthy of the extra $100. I'll wait another couple of weeks to see but putting the minis in the Glory Seeker level picture and making them a $250K stretch goal was a bit pre-mature. Yeah i like tom vasel he got almost the same taste as mine so i trust his opinion Any ETA on the game preview vids? xP We're so close to Alligator McPhee. Come on guys let's hustle, we can do it. Lol. Thanks! @ EEG - Chris - Thank you, I didnt know about the extra $15 for shipping (it makes sense) So, only one question left. Can we upgrade our pledge level & add add-ons after the project has ended?(in the survey / pledge manager) And hurray for EU-friendly project! Good idea to indicate it right on the front page! I am soo looking forward to Undead Viking's video! @Arto: By my math, FH EB is $10 cheaper than what you calculated. Unless you hint at the cheaper international shipping on Tomb Raider level. This is indeed the question (unless shpping won't be increased to $40 once you add addons to your tomb raider). I have to ask this...as backer from EU Why should I pledge @ Fortune Hunter EB, when I can get the same things cheaper with Tomb Raider EB + 60USD (2 adventure pack + outdoor tile pack) Or am I missing something???? @Creator Thanks for the extensive reply to my questions...I really appreciate when game creators do that. Again thnaks. Don't forget there's always the possibility to use house rules when playing table games. It's easily done to suit your style. But I do like to see what people are thinking. May start collecting good ones and use them as house rules if I feel like to. :D Very impressed with all the support for the project. You guys (we) are amazing. I'm already dying waiting for this guy to fund.... at which point I'll be dying for it to ship. :) Backers, Wanted to thank you for all of the positive feedback we have received on the tutorial video and the resulting coments. In just under 2 days, the video has been viewed over 400 times! Very humbled by all of your participation in making this dream become a reality! @Chris "I am going to open a BoardGameGeek.com Forum about Game Mechanics and Balancing!" - good idea, BGG threads should make discussion of specific mechanics easier to follow, rather than have dialogue mixed in with other KS comments...hopefully everyone has access, as there are many interesting points being made here. Also would increase content and activity on BGG and help raise the game's profile. There are some mechanics questions already posted there for you. +1 for Craig's interesting ideas on rolls. A Yahtzee style check roll would be interesting. It would add a challenge to the roll, introduce tactics and strategy to the roll and provide a game within a game aspect. It would also offer a range of opportunities to change characteristics, that would add interest to that part of the game...though it would take more time. Sacrifice one die to re-roll the remainder, or sacrifice a token to re-roll all die. A single 5 and/or 6 fails the check, but no really bad consequences...room not explored, item destroyed from top of item deck, etc. A pair 5 or pair 6 required to just pass a check. Three of a kind 5 or 6 passes the check with a once off bonus die buff. Four of a kind passes the check and permanently increases a specific attribute Full House passes the check and receives an increases an attribute for a number of turns Short Straight with pair 5/6 passes check and receives a heal/bonus health Long Straight fails check but increases a a heal/bonus health Five of a kind permanently and temporarily increases multiple attributes RE Craig's point- Rolling 1d6 per attribute point, succeeding on a 5 or 6 is a common game mechanism. The balancing factor is how many such d6 successes are required to pass a particular test/check/challenge/whatever. I assume this has all been tuned in playtesting. @Everything Epic I also though the rolls in the video seemed to overly favour the human players. You said "that's only a 33% chance per die" In fact, for 2 die, the total combinations is 36 (6 by 6). The total combinations which only include 1 thru 4 is 16 (4 by 4). So there is in fact a 55% likelihood that the player roll will succeed. With three dice, this increases to 70% (216 total outcomes versus 64 outcomes that do not include a 5 or 6) For 4 die this is 80% and 5 die 87%. and 6 die 91% This appears to be a significant imbalance in the game, because in most rolls a player will buff up with an extra die, meaning in most rolls the player will have an 80% or better chance of success. If the player opts to re-roll the chance of success will approach 100%. To me this is a real weakness in the game mechanic, because it essentially makes the game procedural to an inevitable player victory, without in reality challenging the players at any time. @arto u pledged for a boardgame Okay...Im in....now, what have I pledged for this time??? ;o) @EEG : No you do a montage phot like you already do : <url>"what has happened?". The answer is (this one is simple) that Libby has entered the room adn successfully passed the Labor of Hercules test. On this one <url>"What happens to Mickey and the Olmec head after he rolled this result?" etc... :) Just looked up the GripMat-KS... Yes it would be fantastic if you offered that as an add-on, it would save me a lot of shipping costs the Germany. Money that I could invest in more nerd-related stuff :P Yes so happy to see this video! :) You know EEG you could make a game with images? Like your montages on BGG : What did the character do or what will happen? In one image you have a dice roll, the character card, one equipment (optional) and either a room and/or a monster. Coudl be very fun! ^^ Loved the cliffhanger ending to the video. Priceless! @greatlich , @Steve Thank you very much ; ) VERY NICE gameplay video ! Thanks a lot. Game play looks great and seems to play well. Don't really see the need for grip mat or interlocking tiles. Can't wait to get into the tomb! I agree with Joseph Alden-Sawtelle that regular square tiles, like those shown in the game play video, are fine. They are slightly easier to store and shuffle. If a GripMat would delay delivery I would be against the addition. I am already worried that adding minis will delay delivery of the game. Not to discount the opinions of others, but I have played numerous tile laying games with regular old square tiles (Carcassonne and Betrayal at House on the Hill come to mind as prominent examples) and they work fine. Interlocking tiles are nice but if the shapes tessellate (are of a uniform polygonal shape and fit together with no gaps) I don't see a particular need. Shared the game play tutorial video link on Facebook. GripMat: will you offer a gripmat as addon fro the game? As I understand it, the GripMat KS does not offer any EU-Shipping so it would be an excellent way of obtaining one for us EU-backers. Plus, it would be extremely useful for the game since you can do without interlocking tiles (whose drawbacks have been mentioned before). Forgive me if this has been answered earlier, will the Adventure Packs be available after the campaign. I can not afford to up my pledge to obtain them now, but most certainly would like to pick them up later as my game group gets further into the game. thanks for your responses, much appreciated Now the question is: GripMat or locks? I vote for GripMat as it's multipurpose. But that's just what I desired. :D Excellent video. Special mention to the fact that the video is easy to follow (because of the clear and slow pronunciation of Chris and the presence of many texts) even for someone like me who doesn't easily understand spoken English. Glad you all enjoyed the video and are even more excited about the game. Keep sending in those great suggestions and posting to all the new content on bgg. Thanks for the clarification! Video looks great! Still, would like to see more decision making, interacting with the group, for a cooperative game. The first rounds were: okay, I do this, draw a card and have to roll a 5 or 6. I do the same. Me too. (okay, overly simplistic, just trying to make a point.) Maybe you could focus a little bit about cooperative strategies anytime soon? Really love the setting and the artwork you guys did and I would really love to see a little more "depths" to the game. @barry: #2: quoted from the FAQ on the main page: "Are You Shipping from Within the EU and from Within other International Countries? Yes! Shipping to you from within the EU and other Countries! We are working with Amazon Fulfillment to get these games to you from a much closer distance to your home country! Trying everything possible to keep shipping prices down for you! " Otherwise I wouldn't be here ;-) Good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. It does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. Plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. Shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)? few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does EOP member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed EU to EU for us Euros to avoid customs/VAT costs etc 3) what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly Nice video. Explains quite a bit about the game. After watching I'm still not sure how movement works. The video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. Was this to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table? It seems the 3 levels setup contributes quite a lot of space. Great video btw. Just to balance my previous comment about risk of late change- interesting rules suggestions such as @Alvaro's, that don't require component changes, might still be easily played as house rules, which, over time (through discussion on BGG etc) could easily be incorporated as official optional/advanced rules- to be posted on the EEG site and perhaps by printing a single-page sheet for inclusion in the box on later runs? EXCELLENT work on the video and playthrough, it's entertaining and informative- and substantially confirms my hopes for how the game plays. We should soon see it boost the rate of pledging and accelerate progress towards the stretch goals. I've a few questions and comments on the rules etc which may be resolved by watching it again (can't do that yet as currently in doghouse for sitting through breakfast watching it with earphones on- couldn't wait!)- if not, I'll post on BGG once the Vid is up there, as probably better managed as individual categorised BGG threads rather than the single KS comments page. I'm sure the Vid will prompt many interesting suggestions and hope that everyone is realistic about the necessity and potential adverse impact of change at this late stage of the development cycle (presumably design and testing pretty much complete and printing and other physical production lead times looming). NOOOOOO its a cliffhanger xP Great video and great work guys! :) 1 question about the courage : You said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? I thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no? 1 remark : For visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. Just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get. also something similar for monsters when deciding where to move it if all players are scattered . everyone rolls and the person with the lowest roll is the one who the monster goes after . it was great, looks really fun to play and I love how everyone is working together . makes the game more fun. About combat though, I think if a monster Is in a room with more than one player it should automatically target the weakest player and if another in that room wants to "jump" in instead to help their buddy ,they roll a dice and see if they are fast enough or something to intervene and fight it instead. I don't think the players should decide who the monster attacks because ..lets be honest.. if you see your buddy has 1 hp left and has -9 courage nobodies gonna have the monster attack him...but if u add this dice rolling mechanic, it will make for an exciting "I'd jump in front of a bullet for you" scenario where friends can have the opportunity to help each other. just my two cents though. finally !! please ..I just want to see this game !@!!! Video Update - Its DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just waiting for Chris to review prior to posting. Hope you enjoy. @Chris : yes I see that! :) OH no!! 13 pieces of silver are missing! Who is the traitor? ^^ If you do not sleep soon Ninjace you will end up uploading a video about a cat rather then the game demo video! ;) Many thanks for your hard work! :) Video is in final render. Worked 36hrs straight to try to get you the best quality demo. Provided there are no issues when I review the final copy... your demo will be posted very soon Another good way to spread the word about the game. You can also use the badge as your avatar on Boardgamegeek. Thanks, normally they are on the front page as well. @Chris - any plans on making some backer badges, so all can see our support? So close so Close Just bumped up from Adventurer to Fortune Hunter. I just couldn't resist all of that extra cool stuff. We're now less than $200 from the next stretch reward. less then 500 drachm needed! :) Golum Keas the ring is this way! Please drop the shiny vase! Look the ring is in this bright red room, trust me... :P Almost to "The Grail", issss sooo purdy, I wantssss it. To Golem??? Less then a thousand doubloons and we have a new stretch goal! :) :))) Seriously I thought there was a 48h hours validation on BGG for videos no? :[ Thanks Ninjace! Should be okay by Tuesday on BGG then! Great job! :) Pulled an all-nighter putting the finishing touches on the video. Nearly finished. Thanks for your support and patience. Just 9 more mins to Edit, then just have to wait for rendering and posting. Your wait is almost over! the only thing I haven't done for you guys on bgg is the rating but I would rather be honest about that because that will influence people on the game so I want to tell you ill hold back my rating until at least the game play video comes out so I can be as honest as possible . I believe credibility will help you guy a lot. By the way, I came up for air and saw that we are now only 1400 away from the next stretch goal. Nice job team! Video update - As promised keeping you all informed. The base video is now complete and rendering. Once its done, I will be working though the night to put on the finishing touches, then render the final video, hopefully in time for you to watch while eating your favorite Sat morning breakfast :) Very nice Review! :) Igor says : "Count Dracula is as Blind as a bat so he got lost! ^^" @ Rhaz : Stop your Forgetfulness, the sun destroys yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuu... *Phroutsch!!*.. Too late... Alas poor Pharaoh who only wanted to Rule the world (like a B movie cliché Bad guy!^^). @ Scott : I agree! Let's not do anything we will regret. @ Rhaz : Now you've done it your Fumbleness, your Gold Sandals are all sticky! I may have started this discussion on interlocking tiles and now I feel somewhat responsible. You designers know your game the best. You know what you had in mind for components. Don't let the mob rule if you think interlocking tiles will cause production problems, production delays or more importantly quality problems. @ Rhaz : I am but your humble servant your Immortalesness... What can I do to help you Oh' Bluest of Pharaohs? Maybe something for your bad breath? Scarab Breath is very last Millenia... :P @Alavaro : You wee it soon! Probably before New Year! ;) No EEG do not unleash the Mummy's curse on me, AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.........; GUYS i'm dying over here the teasing of the game preview has had me checking up on this page ever for the last week since it was said to be coming out...when is it coming I need to love this game even more I think if the room does change allocation (slide/rotate/sink/rise/etc) quite often, interlocking would be more problematic than using GripMat. With GripMat you just pick up the tiles and change. Tiles are not stuck on the mat, it's just hold them so side-way movement cannot be done easily. With interlocking you need to unlock, change, then lock again, which can potentially damage the locks quite quickly. Issues with interlocking : are more easily damaged, bad découpage can be annoying, if the tiles are small it will be bothersome, you can have issues deciding how to interlock tiles (okay does this tile have 1,2,3 or4 possibles entries?) thus slowing production, problems with your mechanics (moving rooms), a bad look (some rooms would look ugly interlocked), etc... Looks like we owe you some new content to like and comment towards on BBG... as of this morning there is a new leader on the hotness list... but no worries, with our new tutorial video releasing VERY soon, I am sure there will be plenty to talk about. Keep it up EOP team! Lets put SotLT back in its place at #1. @Karsten : Why not back at 1$ that is what this is for no? :) Hi! While you are at it, could you also inquire whether some kind of EU-fulfilment is planned for the Grip Mats? I won't back it until there is, but not being a backer I can't leave comments to ask for it. It's a vicious circle! GripMat sounds a useful accessory- seems I've been using one for years without realising it, in the form of a table protector that my wife makes me use before I take over the dining table (the top surface sounds exactly like the GripMat though the bottom is soft fleece, so isn't good for holding the mat in place on the table)...BUT because it makes it hard for things to slide around on top of it, it could be problematic for tile placement games where you might need to keep adjusting the position of the board as it grows. @EEP : I have a preference for interlocking tiles but that really depends on how the game and the board is made. For small tiles square is fine. Also if you have interlocking it might mean you have to define is there are borders for example. If some tiles move through the game (spinning tile, tile falling to a level under, etc...) interlocking tile would be troublesome. Even if in general I prefer interlocking for stability on my table, that may not be wise with this game. @EEP - I think it all comes down to how tiles work in SotLT. I'm planning to get myself a GripMat anyway, just need to measure the dimension of my tables at home. From what I've seen, GripMat is probably the ultimate solution to all games that have lots of movable parts that need to be placed on table. I'm greatly impressed in the video capturing what GripMat is capable of doing. If the GripMat has some theme on it, say, SotLT theme *wink wink*, rather than just some random galaxy picture it'd be a bonus. :) @EEP - nice one in getting contact with GripMat. I think I can see a SotLT themed GripMat coming... :D Hey Backers, just wanted to send out a thank you again. Its no small feat to have been at Number 1 on BGG for almost 4 days in a row. We wil VERY shortly have more material to post. Keep the great feedback and comments coming - THANK YOU!! Tiles that can be slid around as an interlocked unit sound like a great idea to help manage a "map" that can grow unpredictably and so might need shifting around a bit. Since I started this, I vote for interlocking tiles. Bigger would be better also. I'm not fuss about interlocking tiles as I'm thinking of getting myself a GripMat (another KS running atm). That should solve all the problems with game tiles in any game. :D I vote for interlocking tiles too. The dials on the character cards keep them safe from the table being bumped - it seems fitting that the tiles get some protection too :) I also vote for interlocking tiles - but they'd have to be of high quality that fit together perfectly. I'd be really annoying if these didn't fit together well.... Interlocking tiles for sure. It's so much easier to play with when your not knocking tiles out of place every time you add a new one, or when someone nudges the table. i vote interlocking It looks like my promoting this in my game circle worked. A few others are more enthused now that there's more solo info and I think a couple might have backed! As for interlocking tiles I love the idea, but I'd rather have bigger but not too big. I reserve judgements on tile size until after the video is released. Chris, when is the next Vault item going to be revealed? The adventures are so varied, that each new one is an excellent surprise! The second Stretch treasure shall be thine for the week endeth... So says Rhaz Azhal Blue eyes that have seen the future... :P I have two questions. Some of the photos over on BGG show some pretty crowded tiles of adventurers and monsters. Are the tiles in the photos the same size as planned for release? Do the tiles interlock in any way? Can't wait for the new preview. Thanks. Video Project update - Video is nearly complete. I am putting the final touches on it today. The finished product should be posted by tomorrow. And as it is 25 mins long (and quite enjoyable to watch if I do say so myself) you can sit back with your popcorn and favorite beverage and see the first global preview of SECRETS OF THE LOST TOMB! :) Wow EOP team, momentum continues! already passed the 1st stretch goal and are almost 1/2 way to the next - Great Job! Also hear that thereis a glory seeker update on the horizon - Stay tuned! Asian Influence ! Nice ! I am from Asia. So when are you guys going to add more stuff to the Vault? So far it´s not a great deal upgrading from Fortune Hunter to Glory Seeker... <url>"bainweed" nice :) So glad we hit funded. This just keeps getting better and better. And, a Shadow type story would be Fantastic. What about some kind of Warehouse 13 or Grimm style adventures. I think with Grimm as hugely popular it opens up those fairy tales to some really interesting stories/adventures. I know they aren't tomb raiding, but they could definitely be tweaked to work. Lol. Just my random thought. movie time i prepare the pop corn xP @Ninjace - (Im)patiently waiting for your great update. :D Hey Team, I know you are all axiously waiting for the gameplay video. I am working very hard to finish it ASAP. We had so much good stuff, we planned on a 10-15 min video... and I had 50 mins of footage that I was able to cut down to 25mins... so very soon you can sit back and watch the tomb in action! Thanks for your patience - It will be worth it :) Arg sorry... Gameplay video available on BGG! :) Good morning. And wow, dashing heroin now. Hmm, a nice start of the day I guess? :D More than half way to the first stretch. Very nice. @Brimstone : Sorry I am French (baaah!!!) and I am far from fluent in English... :( You are correct Chris it would be a great series and it is back in style with games, books and series. Warehouse 13 is in the same Area as is The Librarian! Captain Sky of course... National Treasure, the Mummy, Rex Mundi comics... So many things to read... And in games : Adventurers of course and Fortune and Glory. :@) @Groulk - I think you mean "heroine". Dashing Heroin has a completely different meaning. But hey, if that's your thing... ;-) Now to write a Secrets of the Lost Tomb Soap Opera! With Christopher St George as the Good Guy! Bianca the dashing Heroin! And last but not least Rhaz Azul as... Evil Incarnate! ^^ @ Chris : Thanks! :) My girlfriend and I will love both your games! @ John Wrot : I did not se your KS about the Tower Defense Game until too late... I am very sorry I missed it. Is there another way to get your game? :) @John - What's up? Nice to see you here. Congrats my friends! For who knows what game lurks in the hearts of players? The Chris knows! O_o Did you do a character good or bad based on the Shadow? :P Any relation to the Rocketeer? :P What do you think? First stretch goal tomorrow? :) I´m happy if the minis are supplied assembled. Woohoo! Funded! \o/ They're coming to get you Barbarossa! EB Adventurer is all gone. Next will be EB Fortune Hunter, and then EB Glory Seeker #2. Ninja them when you still can. Btw, nicely funded! :D BAM funded lets streeeeeeeeeeeeetch!!! So happy to wake up to a funded game! :@) Onwards to stretch goals! Lady Rockets awaits! @ EEG team : now you have to change the front page. The first image of the video should contain Funded and the next attainable stretch goal. And just under what was obtained. The stretch goal list is too far down nthe page ow. ;) Are the minis going to be painted?....or are they going to look as they do in the home page? Woot! Funded! It's such a great feeling to know we are all a part of this. Onward to the stretch goals! ok thank you very much for the clarification I was starting to stress a little . I don't want someone else getting this cool game. cause I wanna play it asap. Congrats Chris!! Great to see this funded!! @Alvaro - Once the campaign ends you'll get a survey of sorts in your email to clarify what you are buying, add-ons, etc and in that survey will be the shipping address. I asked chris but he hasn't answered me yet sorry if this has been clarified already im new to kickstarter question isn't it supposed to ask us for our address so it can be shipped to our home? caus ei didn't see where to add that when I pledged 30 minutes ago If we make it to the mini stretch goal will there be minis for each and every character including those in the adventure packs and on the stretch goals or only for characters in the core game? Same question for the boss monsters will there be mini's for each and every boss including the ones in the adventure packs etc or just the ones from the core game? This is just the beginning ! We will be here celebrating X'mas and New Year !!! WOW !!! AWESOME !!! Let me be the 1st to welcome Barbarossa and all of YOU to the TOMB!! FUNDED!! Can't wait to start putting those "achived" stamps on the Stretch Goals!! @ Glen, very good suggestion! You can play with 8 !custom! dice (which is why we have included that many) but if you play well, I have seen players roll up to as many as 12 dice on a power roll.... very cool to see that cascade of dice hit the table :) $350 to go... it could all be up to one backer to bring in Barbarossa and bring us to the 1st funding level! Who will it be? One Word - Dice Come on everyone wouldn't you like to have a nice shiny set of dice for each player? Add some dice to your pledge so we can show barbosa the way to the Lost Tomb Come On ! 3 more new Glory Seekers will do !!! $922.00 away, so close. Woo hoo. Wow, and we pushed Pathfinder Card Game off the top, that's something. Thank's for the EOP explanation, and I love it as I am a HUGE fan of the Persues myths. @Grouik, love the Librarian series (I love Noah Wylie anyway). My favorite is the first, but the other two are just as fun. I think, for me, they kinda edge out NT, even though I still love the NT movies. Now, to just get us that last 900$. Home Stretch!!!!!!!!! Final 1,000 untill the base funding goal is reached... then off to the hunt for MINIs!! @Chris I've been commenting on them a bit. I'm the "Haroldthulhu" guy XD I finally got to put in my pledge last night, once I made sure the budget could cover it. (Tis the glory I seek!) Don't know why I haven't said hello here till now though... huh. *shrugs and waves* Hello! Howdy! The more I look over the pictures on BGG, the more fun this game looks! :D I can't quite afford Legendary like I'd like to though, so I guess I'll have to call my character Sir Not Appearing In This Board Game. :P 11th hour... 1500 to go. I am literally at the edge of my seat! This is so exciting! ! @Rad: Glory Seeker is too expensive. Plus, I don't really need the minis. @Karsten Why not EB2 for glory seeker? Sooo, uprgraded to Fortune Hunter EB. It's good to be an early bird for once. :) yes on BGG! :) I know we will! :)) @Chris : On your character Montage we see 3! Heidi Dupont in lower right? :) There are at least 3 female characters. Does anybody know what the mix of male/female characters is in the base game? So far, I see only one female (in the base game). oh only 1.532 more yeah we can do it OK so I saw it was similar to betrayal at the house on the hill and I jumped in for $60! That way it adds to the sexiest backer ever award We need mistletoe for this kiss... 96% FUNDED !!! Just a kiss away !!! WOW ! Juraj is here too !!! You current project is awesome as well !!! #1 on the hotness list on BGG? Wow! Just Wow! @Chris ha ha I just read your comments at MA, yes i also backed MA looks really cool even without minis and game play looks really interesting @juraj hey u here too?? welcome xD Wow what a way to start your day... wake up after rendering all night to find out the tomb is at number 1!! Wow are you guys and gals AWESOME!!! lol! Indeed @ adam : you seem to already be infected by the madness that permeates the air of the tomb! ;) Another Tomb raider here. Looks great guys. Can't believe I only just found out about it. I was only saying to my imaginary girlfriend the other day that we needed a Indiana Jones type board game... Now Shut up and TAKE MY MONEY! Awesome looking project I must say! From the illustrations to its components, keep up the good work! HQ should not have been done on KS but on an European platform. Big and sad mistake. SotLT beat HQ in BGG. Wow. Just Wow. Nicely done. :D Top of the hotness on BGG. Great stuff. ATTENTION: Only 29 EB2 Glory Seeker left !!! We will be funded if they are all taken... @Ninjace... Why don't I believe you? ;) @Ninjace - I'll be sure to take Mr. Round...Short Round...with me on my adventure. @Greatlich - Completely agree - You are all awesome... kind of feel bad to send you into the tomb to deal with all of its horrors... ;) I guess it may take another day before this project can be funded ! I believe everyone has done their best EOP Team, I wanted to thank you agian for your continued support. It is 11pm EST and I just finished the base game play video, it is in the process of rendering, so it will take a while to finish before I can put the finishing touches on it... but trust me the wait will be worth it. The team of EEG staff and volunteers did a great job creating a "table top-esq" video for you. I will keep you informed of the progress, but know that the video will be released very soon. As night falls over the sea, Barbarossa begins to lose sight of the land... will he make it to shore to find out what lies in the Secrets of the lost Tomb...? I'm shovin' off! I be goin't'sleep now landlubbers! When the cold of me hook wakes me up you better have recruited Barbarossa you mangy curs! Or polly will eat more then a cracker! ;) thankyou for the kind welcome :) @MCBain Welcome to the hall of legends MCBain - Let me pull out your Chair, join a seat at our table and be prepared to feast on the soils of our triumphs over the tomb! Normal for Mc Bain! :) Also a Legend! ;) i'm in for.....legendary :) Is there a new legendary? Or is it a new hero? Great pledge anyway! :) Barbarossa, Red Beard... Hum... Which brother is that? :) And is he a good guy or a bad guy? If he si bad yes we should vuild a signal fire... to lead him to his dooooommmmm!!!! Mouhahahaha!!! Hum... Sorry... Got a little carried away (yes away not overboard thank you very much). Are the Sharks ready to eat? :P 11 hrs to go and $7000 of bounty is still missing from the war chest. We have 242 EOP members out there, keep spreading the word... there is a fog rolling in and if Barbarossa is going to make it to the shore... he is going to need some help... lets work together to build that signal fire! We all agree! :))) Must be thanksgiving! ^^ In KS yes! But on BGG with a pledge as a prize yes:! I participated in quite a few! :) Contest not allowed for KS Ah yes I,remember somehting else! A contest! With a pledge as a winning prize. So if I remember you cannot do it on kickstarter but must do it on BGG under certain rules. You have 4-5 easy questions but the answers can only be found for example on the pictures hosted on BGG, on the KS site and in one of your videos! And you have a lottery to determine the winner. Please check all rules and regulations but this works well! :) Let's not get side Kicktraqued here! ;) Can you not ask this in an update? Publications and Posting? Or are you the only one who can do this? Is there a way to make the game hotter? : <url>"WOW" the tomb is at number 3 on the charts, and got a big smile on my face... then thought "Hmmm, wonder if we could reach number one..." Thoughts? okay then! One curses eyepatch for Tom! ;) @Grouik you said the first answer gets an eyepatch - you didnt say it must be the RIGHT answer :) @ TOM : I do not see a ressemblance? Only 36 EB2 Glory Seeker left! These will certainly be the last ! a variation of the illuminati symbol? Can somebody explain to me what is depicted on the Order of Perseus Symbol? One Cursed eyepatch to the first who answers! :P Some have class... B-) How does a pirate ship land on a tomb? Is the tomb extraplanar? :P Have to admit that the Pirates of the Cariban depicted a very Cthulhuesque Flying Dutchman Todays ranking reports are in... and.... WE ARE NOW NUMBER 3 on the HOTNESS CHART!!!!!!!! Thank you for the amazing support! 21hrs left to see if Barbarossa's Ship lands at the the lost tomb... or sets off to sea...? Almost at 42K... we will need all hands on deck to achieve this high seas goal! Good Luck Mateys!! Perseus? Why did you choose this name? The only greek hero to have a happy ending? :) As a monster hunter? his magical items? While waiting for national treasure 3 do not hesitate to look at the 3 movies in the Librarian series! :) Hey guys, love how this is shaping up. Been crazy busy, but definitely going on BGG to talk up the game. Also doing some FB love also. I had a question, it might be a stupid one or been answered but what is EOP member? And a National Treasure type storyline would be epic. @Christian That's glad to hear. The cliffhanger has been bugging me for years. Not that I'm crazy about the trilogy, just wanna see the end of it. :) Only 4 EB Adventurer left !!! @Maken - I work in Hollywood and I just wrapped a commercial with one of the cast members of those films and I can tell you that it's at least being scripted, but there is no motion on actually filming the third film yet. In at Legendary... would love to name a character after my wife! Game looks like a ton of fun! looks too cool had to jump in at EB Fortune Hunter National Treasure. That sounds interesting. Btw, is the final of the trilogy coming or the series is dead? Also can we have a "Sexiest Backer Ever" award? It would be really awesome if you had National Treasure inspired scenarios...including the yet unrevealed Page 47... Only 1 Day for the "Black Beard"-Event and i don´t had time yesterday :-( 39666? This Kickstarter is doooooommmmmeeeeeddddd... O_o The number of the Dark Pharaoh has risen... or is Barbarossa still not done? i cant see if we got 50 new at pledeg 55+ so update ? +51 people :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is now on BGG's Hotness! Check it out: <url>"You are the best backers in the world"! Aladdin and the King of Thieves Hint: It's a treasure hunt movie. 10 points to Gryffindor whoever gets this quote. "I want to see some resumes on these guys and don't let the one with the beak near any power tools." and the wife talk to the wallet :) damn it had to upgrade to Glory ...to much material :) awesome Sweet Baby Cheeses! 35K! This campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of. Sweet Baby Cheeses! 35K! This campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of. K done commenting xP @Ninja - This project started 4 days ago and we are already 70%...this is very encouraging for a newcomer...so I hope this can be done in 7 days...Once we begin getting Stretch Goals, more backers will join... @Greatlitch - I like the way you think! Almost 70% Funded ! Let's get this done before Monday then we have a month to work on Stretch Goals, Add-ons, Gameplay !!! we are up 19 backers, surely? Good Start to the Black Friday Special Everyone! - Currently up 12 out of the goal of 50 new backers and up to 40 fans with an excellent rating on BGG! Thank you for the support, and keep spreading the word... only 13hrs to go! If you guys wish to help out, please use the backer's badge of this KS. This will help to get attention. Reminder: If we get 50 more backers (In the next 24 Hours) on top of our OVER 170 current backers… EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the “Barbarossa’s Barbarism” Adventure set. i clicky click at BGG will comments as soon as i get back home from work xP Just stumbled upon this by accident. I'm an official Glory Seeker now! Dumb question... what does EOP member mean (I've only briefly skimmed the whole project here at work... shhhh!)? @Chris - I am still very hopeful we will hit the black Friday deals, if not however, would it be possible to turn them into incentives for early backers? Either as free gifts or low add ons before a certain date for those backed. This may help get the game funded quickly and keep the backers you have already (as they know they will lose their free gift if they bail out). 55 EB2 Glory Seekers left...they may be gone with in a few days...Grab them first !!! How does the cooperation/interaction works? How can heroes help each other out? Is it better to be together or separate? @ Chris : Great answer thanks! :) just posted a comment on BGG .. Hope it will go in the right direction creating a game for board gamer by board gamers.. cheers :) Will do it soon! :) I am a little worried about the game on one point : There seems to be a lot of possible actions and a lot of different icons, is it not confusing? Also on the charcaters on BGG and the ones presented here, the circles of moral and xxx? seem different no? Just went on to BGG, thumbed up all the pics and made some comments. Took about 5 minutes so hopefully all the backers on here will do the same! Do you think it will be possible to put the extras like miniatures and perseus pack as addons to buy ? Do you think that all the adventure packs will benefit of great arts from george ?? Sincerely i don't like the art for the adventure The hunt for nautilus ...it just a photo of a **** soldier posterized ..does the monster will be in colour or black and white ?? The only problem for me with HQ or other table games with minis is that I really don't like painting. And the minis look so off-putting unpainted. Therefore I really hope the minis in SotLT will have an option to be painted out of the box. :D Heroscape will always be my all time favorite game. Infinitely expandable, every piece interacts with every other piece, variety galore, and the only limit is your imagination. i doubt that or they need to get good lawyer which will probably messed up with their initial budget calculation for the game Yeah I noticed HQ too. Sad pandas for them. I hope it comes back up as I want that game too. HQ is down licensing dispute xD they be coming down here now @Grouik. Same here...I am from Hong Kong....the only game that gives me Free shipping is JOURNEY because they are from Hong Kong @Greatlich : I would love to but this is outside my price range, and I have a 40$ shipping to add! There are 63 EB2 Glory Seeker left...Now there are two bonus expansions for GS, seems like more is coming...so the value of GS will get higher and higher...Grab one before it's all gone... I agree... Even though some say art is worth dying for... You need to be alive to appreciate it! :P @Grouik Thank you :) Glad we can add to your enjoyment of the adventure. Just don't get too distracted by the art... a monster might sneek up on you ;) Aha, that is why I was not sure. You have different artists. Do you have the names? They do great work! Bravo Ninjace and George P.! :@) Love it so far! :) Is Patsouras the Artist? It looks similar... non? Also can we have a small description of the characters and what renders them unique? I see a military man, a mobster, a photographer, a femme fatale? Are the monsters thematic to each adventure? Ah ha! Sorry I had not read the FAQ before! Is a campaign mode credible? Or does it not combine whith the idea of your game? Maybe this is the achievement system? Hello! :) Just joined the pledge! :) Have alost of questions but I know most of them are answered! Game Video (just below! ^^) Rules PDF file? :) Do not forget to ask for video/podcast previews by known reviewers. About adventures : I see 4in the base game and another 8 in adventure packs. Does this mean that a specific adventure has little replayability? Otherwise : Love the theme, the graphics, the cooperation! :)) :@) Thumbed all available images. For those who haven't...get to it... @ EEG - Be sure to release gameplay video...that is something SOB didn't do and has cost them backers...another big mistake.... @ EEG - I like this approach. Don't make the same mistake that SOB did...that EB Mine Cart has caused lots of problem... Seems to me Glory Seeker is a bit different from MC in SOB...it only includes addons listed in the pledge level description...I believe further addon are not included unless they fall within the Vault. You're welcome, and thank you for making this game! I played it at Metatopia a few weeks ago. I wouldn't have even had the chance to play if the 4-hour game I was in that morning hadn't ended three hours early. I imagine the Glory Seeker level is similar to the Mine Cart in Shadows of Brimstone, only more affordable (I backed that too, but only at Outlaw). I wish I'd known that there was going to be a Vault of Perseus with extra stuff free for Glory Seekers and above when I first pledged. At the time I'd done the math and saw that if I added the add-on price of the things announced for Glory Seeker that aren't in Fortune Hunter, it came out to more, so I pledged Fortune Hunter initially and missed my chance to get a $225 Glory Seeker slot, but at least I was able to get in at $235. It would be cool if you could post some pics of zombie monsters What about a character inspired by ash evil dead in a pulp theme .....epic Love the artwork from patsouras ...same artworks of agents of smersh . The minis are realistic but seems a bit too static in my opinion . They are cool anyway . @paolo this game is not dungeon crawl so the dimension between minis and tiles doesnt have to be proportional, i think If minis would be too high they won't be not proportional with little tiles? Ah there we go, resized the image ;) Hmm avatars seem a tad too large and cut off here <- @christian they workin on gameplay vids i thin they said it should be ready this weekend Also if you can get reviews, gameplay videos, lore videos, lots of updates, always staying connected to the backers, this campaign will go far. Also, be prepared for the mid campaign lull. If you can keep that lull to a minimum...you're golden. If this game is on boardgamegeek.com, put up a ton of pictures. The more people that thumbs up every image, the higher up the hotness chart the game goes and it will become very likely the game gets noticed. @chris profile images for backer of this KS xD --> see greatlich profile picture and u know hes backing labyrinths KS, so we need some profile pictures for SotLT too @christian good call havent seen it yet that will help with more exposure That means the minis are compatible with SoB xP If those figures are made, what scale are you looking at? 28mm? 32mm? 1/48? I love the look of this game already! Awesome! Can we also get some profile images? Is there going to be any optional deluxe figures or painted minis? I know others like painting but Heroscape spoiled me and I'd love pre-painted minis. yep but its 80 bucks more and im pretty sucked out due to BGG charity and other KS - can we upgrade after the KS ends ? Also doesn't come with Minis and the bonus items for Glory Seeker @ Tom The Fortune Hunter doesn't come with the Trap and Tiles Expansion and Dice 50% funded in 2 days ! Very Nice ! looks awesome just had to back : question im currently at Fortune Hunter - this should give me everthingexcept the tiles and minis correct? if i wanted that i would have to go for Glory Seeker Also, just popped in my mind. Will there be a collection box for Glory Seeker so they can put everything neatly in the box? SotLT themed card sleeves also maybe? :D @Maken X - Once again you have read our minds :) Should be posted tomorrow. The new addition sounds pretty cool and exciting. With so many more things to come, I'd like to suggest a compare table to show how many things are included in Glory Seeker to attract potential backers to raise their pledge to get the best value. Just my 2c. ;) The Vault has arrived! Glory Seekers have been rewarded! GREAT ! Thanks for the very thorough responses. Sincerely, Your newest Glory Seeker Right !!! Everyone goes crazy in that 10 mins...but that captures some excitement in escaping a tomb full of traps and riddles...just like Indy ! The only tomb raiding game I have played so far is ESCAPE....Anyone played it? RIDDLES!! I hope it's a true worded riddle, or riddles with math. Not just find red key to open blue door silly things. :D @EEG Thanks a lot for your hard work...TRAPS are certainly something that keeps TOMB amazing....It would be great if there are RIDDLES as well....: P @makenx - yes we are ;) and this feedback makes it all worth it! I love that Four Horseman of the Apocalypse...a few days ago people were yelling at SOB KS about them... @EEG Chris - Just had a look at your website. It seems your art director is working very hard. :p @EEG - It's great to have more EB Glory Seekers. We are moving fast now...it would be great if you can really have a HUGE BOULDER in the game......LOL @ RMK - Hey ! Great to have you here !!! @jdadams - Yes the game will change each time you play. Tiles, events, monsters etc will be different each time. Extreme replayability!! We are in the process of updating the game play video. Stay tuned... more of the Secrets of the lost Tomb universe will be revealed shortly. Very intrigued, but I would like to know more about gameplay. In particular, can you talk about replayability? I know there are many scripts, but is there much replayability if you were to replay the same script? For instance, is the setup of the tomb random every time? Are events and enemies based on random card draws? Its official - 112 backers and $20,000 in the 1st 24 hours! We have been tiredlessly working to bring this game to life, thanks to your support, we are rejuvinated and excited to share even more of our dream with you! We are confident this project will be funded, and as one of the 1st comments stated... only question is how many stretch goals will be reached? So look forward to more announcements and tell your friends - "THE TOMB AWAITS" @Holly - Spot on! We feel the same way!! This game looks really cool. I love the "Serial" adventure type games, but many don't really give you a nice depth to the game. I like the "Betrayal on House on The Hill" type ever-changing story. I can't wait. @Christian Villarreal - You honor us with that statement! We have a lot of respect for those games and hope to one day hold rank amongst them. Nice, earlier, than SoB :) may 2014 Hi, guys. I'm already made a pledge, but can not find any info about estimate date of shipping our boxes. Am I blind?)) sorry for my english, have not practice at all) @Manticor they said EU shipping is a fact This game needs to be funded today...this game could potentially dethrone both Arkham and FANG for me... @Epic: Do you have plans for shipping from within the EU as so many other KS creators do? This will draw a lot of attention from here for sure! And that last update just got me to raise my pledge to Glory Seeker, and got us over $20,000. Can't wait to see the Vault of Perseus!! @EEG - Chris Maybe you can make a pledge reward table, showing the content breakdown for different tiers. 1st Intorductions - for those that see my posts I was the lead art director and co-designer for the Secrets of the Lost Tomb project. Now that you know who I am... Wow, these comments and feedback are great. Thank you all for your support. I am humbled and recharged. Can't wait to share with all of you all the great content that we will be revealing during the Kickstarted journey! @John Wrot: Upon actually showing her the kickstarter page instead of just saying "hey I pledged to another kickstarter" she has been convinced and we are now backing for a full game. It looks great! @Chris: No worries, I got your back @John Wrot: The King's Armory looks really cool. I backed it for $50, but then my fiance was all "hey didn't we just have a conversation about how much we can afford to spend on kickstarter" and I had to lower my pledge :( I really want to play it, though. I want to arrange some game nights with Chris and anyone else awesome in the NJ/NYC area at some point, so if you live around there (which you do, right?) maybe we can play it then and she'll like it enough to get a retail copy. She's mad about boardgames as well, so it shouldn't be too hard to convince her. Everything seems back to normal, but it's possibly just a ruse by the tomb to lure us into a false sense of security. Best to stay wary. It's back to normal for me. For a moment it was showing a weird text image as the main image, but I refreshed and now it's the picture of the box. Hey guys, just a heads up, the main project picture just looks like a big wall of text. Wow ! Last Two Glory Seekers...they are gone fast..... @ EEG - I can see you guys are well prepared !!! Thank you! WOW ! Only 6 EB Glory Seeker left !!! @jdadams1 I thought this is a coop game o_0 Pledge levels and main page have confusing descriptions. Main page lists Outdoor Tile Pack also as Adventure pack 5, but many pledge levels list "all four adventure packs". @everything epic games, Backed at $1 so I can get alerts and leave comments. Considering backing for more, but I am a bit leery about player elimination, as that is usually a dealbreaker for me on games. Can you talk a little bit more about if/how players are eliminated from the game? Thanks! Is Journey to the Tomb Outdoor Tile Pack? @Creator OK, not adding another Core game, but other add-ons. @Greatlich I have backed plenty of projects. There are just some unclear items in this project, "maybe extra shipping costs, maybe not" "there will be extra stuff in Glory Seeker" (but description for lower goals say that all stretch goals are included). I think once people drop from the shady HQ KS they will eventually come here and we will get the ball rolling for this one @Sean yep true that but i thought u were talkin about some kind of addons credit or something @Sean - No Problem...Only 8 Glory Seeker left...It is always wise to grab first talk later...LOL @Rad Heh, if you reread my post you basically repeated what I said. @Greatlich Thanks for the heads up. I will stay where I am to see what happens. I like the idea here. The art design has a Smersh feel, which is great. @Tahd - Most people will pledge EB as soon as they can...this is a long project...you have enough time to make changes...it is very common that people jumps between pledge levels... @Sean Also EEG also said that there will be extra items for Glory Seekers level later @Tahd you can pledge an EB now and change later if you change your mind. @sean if we dont hit the SG for mini the difference between glory seeker and fortune hunter would be 10 traps, 20 tiles and 8 dices @Tahd if ur not planning to get more than 1 core box then i dont think its gonna be a problem with shipping and if u do want more u can do that later on with the pledge manager and it would probably recalculate your shipping too, at least thats my experience with bones Quick question here. I am currently in at Glory Seeker, but if we don't hit the minis stretch, does that mean that the Glory Seeker is basically the Fortune Hunter with $48 in add ons? I just wouldn't want to pay more than I have to in order to get everything. So what does it mean? I would expect to be to pledge now and get what I pledged without coming back here to more money on shipping. There are not going to be EBs left to change pledge level at the end of campaign either. Nice looking forward to the gameplay vids thanx, btw shared the homepage on FB for more exposure Complex... Most KS don't do that. @Tahd if its a core game add ons prbably u will get additional shipping cost especially outside US Tomb Raider in $25, Fortune Hunter (and higher) $40 to ship. Will there be increases based on add-ons for Tomb Raider? Is there a plan for gameplay vid? or at least game rules? @Creator That shipping does affect the pledge. If that information is only available later on, and it would have made sense to select higher reward level, then it's annoying that have missed an EB level. Just decide if there is going to be extra and put info on the front page now. "natural 20 on d4" ...Hysterical! : P A good first day, my friends. This is John of The King's Armory. We've got 44 hours left, come check us out if you got the chance. Jim, the guy 2nd guy to show up in the video, is my dearest of friends. It's an honor to have already sent so many people his way. And thanks to all our backers for mentioning us here. Sixpence, what did you think of TKA? Looking forward to that gameplay video! And I love the art. Medusa is flawless. Note that lower pledge levels include all stretch goals according to descriptions. From my understanding...No Are there extra shipping costs if add-ons are added? BTW I do hope that there will be 3D terrain or item to enhance gameplay...such as Traps in Indy 1 ! So...grab an EB Glory Seeker while some slots are still available to save $25 I think it has been explained in a comment below...they are going to add more stuffs to that level Can someone explain what's the point of Glory Seeker when adding missing add-ons to lower pledge is cheaper? This is a great start to the campaign! I can't wait to see what it's like when I wake up tomorrow. I found out about this from a demo at Metatopia, where's everybody else coming from? A bunch of you are apparently coming from The King's Armory, which I am now going to google (good job crosspromoting there) Is there EU shipping? Hey, sent here by The King's Armory also. Looks like this should be a fun game! I just found out about your project from The King's Armory kickstarter. This looks super cool! What if we are unable to unlock the minis? What will the Glory Seeker get instead? That would be cool... Are the deadly trap and extended map packs duplicate of those tiles in the core game? Another Glory Seeker here ! I am a HUGE fan of Indy and Laura...that's why I am here...hope you won't disappoint me...I am looking forward to seeing the game demo video...GOOD LUCK on your journey ! Does the Glory Seeker pledge come with the minis regardless of stretch goal achievement? Good Luck guys! Chris does an impressive job of running a table, getting new players up to speed, and keeping games interesting. I'm looking forward to seeing how this game turns out. Glad to hear the option to have prepainted minis is being considered. I hope this will be available. Look forward to seeing the gameplay videos. This KS to me is a well thought out project atm. Will the boss minis be painted? An option maybe? We finally launched! The dream is becoming a reality!! You may have first comment, but I have first pledge! I'm really looking forward to this. Good luck with the campaign! I'm very confident it will succeed, the question to me is which stretch goals will you meet. Looks awesome! Can't wait