What people say about Smart Mone Maker: — Bearded Meeple, Game Reviewer — Gerard van den Akker, One of my First Backers "(...) Smart Money Maker shows you how the real world works in a fun way." "Paying off my debts will be actually fun." "I really like how you not only play against your opponents, but also against the game itself." — Vincent Petruzzi, Instructional Designer "Smart Money Maker shows us that playing is actually the most simple and engaging way to learn something new." — Sally Brammall, Means of Change "A great idea for a game that could also help explain new economy concepts.." Smart Money Maker is a card game to illustrate the rules of the New Economy. It is based on a simple concept: everyone plays against the problems left behind by the old economy! The objective is to pay for all debts, taxes, loans and make investments to remain in the market. Smart Money Maker card game (photo: Danilo Franzini) Players have to collaborate: they receive a portfolio of cards that represent the New Economy models. The cards can be traded in for cash when they are used to pay off debts. After the whole deck has been used up, if all of the debts have been paid off by the players, the player who has the most cash wins the game. A collaborative card game for 2-6 players to illustrate the rules of the New Economy Despite the many opportunities to collaborate, it's possible that players won’t manage to pay off all debts. In that case, the game is the winner! Sharing with others, expressing our opinions, and joining a community are all actions that generate value. Smart Money Maker is a collaborative card game for 2-6 players of all ages (10-99 years old) to illustrate the rules of the New Economy! Laurence Humier, a Belgian-born, Milan-based designer and engineer, uses design to communicate social changes. Smart Money Maker (photo: Michele Silvestro) How to play? How was Smart Money Maker developed? Monopoly®, a game born in the old capitalist era, was based on the accumulation of money and goods. Since the economy rules have changed, Laurence Humier has designed Smart Money Maker to illustrate the fundamentals of the New Economy. In the old economy, value was determined by the market: the relationship between supply and demand determined the price of a commodity. In the new economy everything has been turned upside down. The US writer Kevin Kelly explained it in his book New Rules for the New Economy. Abundance determines value: the more one consumes, the less resources will cost. Production price approaches zero thanks to the digital sphere. Replication is just a click away. How does competition work in the New Economy? Connections have to be made quicker and volumes of data multiplied. Word of mouth is crucial to creating positive impressions among groups, subcultures, communities. People who know how to deal with the New Economy make and break news, and spread information about services and products. According to this model, a search engine like Google creates wealth with a stream of information just like banks generate it with a stream of money. The penny-wise who follow the rules of the old economy keep their assets out of circulation: earn low returns, pay taxes and run losses. In the New Economy, the one who moves their investments wins. Who is Smart Money Maker for? The game will be produced in English for anyone who loves to play card from 10 to 99 years old! What do I get? Smart Money Maker comes into a beautiful box that contains the 154 cards. The first edition is being offered here on Kickstarter and will be delivered in January 2016. If you live in Milan, save the shipping costs by pledging for the “Early Bird - Pick it up in Milan” reward. We will agree on a day and time for you to come by my office and pick up your Smart Money Maker deck, even a couple of days before Christmas. Who's the creator? Laurence Humier is a Belgian architectural engineer by training. She works as a designer in Milan, providing services and products in the field of industrial design, communication services, and education. Laurence debuted at an international level when one of her creations was included in the permanent collection of New York’s Museum of Modern Art (MoMA). In 2010, Laurence began work on Cooking Material, a collaboration with a chemical engineer, and the possible applications of “do-it-yourself types of matter” inspired by cooking recipes. She has organized workshops relating to this project at a number of respected institutions and events, including Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie in Paris, Espace des Inventions in Lausanne, and the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York. Following these experiences, Laurence designed a chemistry set for children called Alchemist Matter; it was funded via Kickstarter in January 2015. The apparent transversality of her research, her diversity of interests, and her international works are strong points within an activity devoted to a broad sense of design. Credits. Laurence Humier (project, graphic design, protagonist, and video director), Michele Silvestro (video maker), Marina Isgro (voice), Backercamp (campaign support). Acknowledgments. Thanks to all my friends for their support at the early stage of the project. Download the press kit. Follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and Linkedin. Thank you for your support! Hi there, I hope you had a nice summer! If you remember last December, my collaborative card game was funded on Kickstarter. Smart Money Maker is now available on Amazon Launchpad ! It’s now easy to order a deck and ship it anywhere! I played SMM again and again in Paris during OuiShare Fest last May and with some friends during the spring and summer. You can find the updated rules to use with your first edition playing cards or enjoy a free print-and-play version for those who don’t yet know about this game and want to get familiarized with collaborative consumption! Please give me your feedback if you have the opportunity to play. Your opinion is important for me. All very best, Laurence Today is a good day!! Smart Money Maker is funded! And to celebrate: Shake Your Money Maker by Elmore James . Please keep sharing the link with your friends and family on Facebook and Twitter during the last day. Smart Money Maker makes a perfect gift, and it will also make you have a great time with your friends and family. This is really the last chance to get an early bird! Thank you again, Laurence Hi there, The campaign will end on Thursday at noon (CET). I really need you to make it happen. Please spread the word on Facebook and Twitter . I also wanted to say thank you to Tyler from Bearded Meeple and his review of Smart Money Maker (watch the video under :)) Thanks again for your support, it's great to have you on board! Cheers, Laurence Thanks so much Kickstarter for featuring my project as a Staff Pick! As per your request, it's possible to pledge several copies of the game. Just leave a public comment or send me a message and I will let you know how much it would be, shipping included. Please share on Facebook or Twitter the game with your friends and family! Thank you! Laurence Wonderful! Thank you for your message @Troy! Please send me your comments after you will have played, I am curious! Hi @David, thank you for your message! The game cards and packaging are printed. The supplier is putting together the whole. It's almost ready. Cheers, Laurence Thank you @Gerard for your complicity! Thank you @Tasha! I really appreciate! You back my first and second Kickstarter project! It means a lot to me! I've an appointment this afternoon with my suppliers to start to print! Talk to you soon! Cheers Laurence Thank you @Gordon! @Troy Thanks to your contribution the campaign reached the funding goal. I'm happy we had the chance to connect via Kickstarter. I'm looking forward to sending you your reward too. @Gerard Thank you again for being part of this journey! Please keep sharing it with gamers and anybody who like learning by playing ;-) Thank you, Dave! You can upgrade your pledge. It'd be $80 for 5 decks, or $95 for 6 decks (shipping to Netherlands included) :) Thank you for your support! Laurence Hi Thomas, Sorry, I didn't see your second message. Higher level pledges won't get the print-and-play files. Best, Laurence Hi Thomas, Welcome on board! I'm shipping from Milan. Best, Laurence I got my smart money maker in Australia. Haven't played it yet but am hoping to get a game in tomorrow at work. Congratulations again on successfully funding this kickstarter Laurence! I got my Smart Money Maker! Great to hear! I'm looking forward :D. How's everything going? I'm just curious what stage we are at? Congratulations! This is really great. So excited to see this funded and be part of another great project. My decks will be gifts for a couple of families with the oldest kids just entering preteens. The parents appreciate my finding things that combine fun and learning and are new and different so their kids can introduce their friends to cool things. This should fit the bill nicely. :D Congrats @alchemistmatter! Congratulations! It's awesome to see that it got funded. I'm looking forward to playing it :). Congratulations Laurence! After our recent discussion I am excited to be the person to help you reach that $3000 goal! Looking forward to playing this next year. Cheers, Troy This user's account has been deleted. @Creator: Thanks for the quick reply. Do the higher level pledges also get the print-and-play files? First comment! Where are you shipping from - Milan or the US?