Are you tired of having a ton of devices that just do one simple task? Well we sure were. That is where Soap comes to the rescue. Soap is your one device that will rule them all! If you think of Soap as just another router, well, then you need to think again. Seriously, it’s anything but that! Soap is basically next-generation smart hub that makes it possible for you to control every single aspect of not just your network, but your electronic devices as well. Think of it as your home automation hub, wireless router, parental control system, an internet security system and much more – all in one place. With it, there simply isn’t a need for you to worry about having to purchase additional software or go through endless manuals – easy compatibility, and safety are what Soap guarantees! Works with all your connected devices Running Android OS Powered with an ARM Quad-core Processor Latest 802.11AC WI-FI Speeds Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth 4.0, RFID/NFC built in Easy Parental Controls that actually work Virus and Malware Protection Touch Screen Display (Soap Touch Model) Because Soap is based on the popular Android operating system, Soap’s full potential is only limited to the imagination of the app developers. The possibility of Soap's future is limitless, we see a future where Soap can: Let you know when your kids leave the house Alert you if you dog gets out of the backyard Let you know if you dog is barking too loud Turn on your TV when you enter the room Turn on and off lights as walk in and out of parts of your home • Let you know if you forgot your wallet or cell phone before you leave your home These are just of a few of the many things that are possible with Soap. Touch Screen Router (should be called Rablet) with Android Inside! Same user experience at home or anywhere in the world. Get network notifications sent straight to your smartphone. Both Soap Essentials and Soap Touch pack a ton of great features. They both feature the same Android OS, Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth, NFC connections and a lot more. The only difference is that Soap Essentials does not have a display like the Soap Touch Model. In order to navigate the Soap Essentials you can use it's HDMI port, the Soap App, or mirror it to another display. The other difference is built in storage the Soap Touch includes 32GB of storage and the Soap Essentials has 8GB. Soap Touch has a display Soap Essentials does not have a display ( use HDMI, or app to update) Soap Touch has 32GB of Storage Memory Soap Essentials has 8GB of Storage Memory Everything else is the same! PLAY Features – The benefits that you can gain by using Soap With Soap, you would literally get to manage all home automation equipment – even your auto door locks, webcams and more! It can even be used to manage your content security, and internet usage etc. Here’s a look into the different features that Soap has to offer: A majority of home automation systems that are available these days typically deem it necessary for you to hold extensive and expert programming knowledge. The worst part about them is that just about anyone can hack them – they aren't safe at all. On the other hand, there’s Soap, which uses the latest communication and safety protocols to allow you to control the garage, lights, locks and all other electronic devices around your place – easy access to your digital home environment is guaranteed! Through it, you would get to acquire all-inclusive home control solutions using: ZigBee Z-Wave TCP BLE Moreover, with its mobile integration features, you would get to acquire the unique ability to control your entire home automation over your smartphone. What good would that be? Well, let’s put it this way – if you are heading out for a while, there is simply no need for you to worry whether you've turned off the lights at home or not – if you've left them on, Soap is going to turn them off! With the countless devices that we have installed in our homes these days, setting up different parental control settings for all of them is at times simply out of the question. With Soap, however, you would actually be able to apply universal parental control settings over all connected devices, thereby making things a whole lot easier for you. Soap has what it takes to give you ample control over the content that your children get to view on the internet, block inappropriate content, prohibit access from unknown devices, and set particular time slots and specific websites that your children will get to access. The FlyPaper is an exclusive feature that allows for you to trap potential hackers who make attempts to invade your network. What the software basically does is that it creates an ‘artificial vulnerability’ area, which lures hackers into accessing your network. What the hacker doesn't realize is that s/he is now trapped. Not sure what the ninja mode is all about? Well, it’s actually a mode that makes it possible for you to browse the Internet while making sure that your network remains hidden from all other unconnected devices. What’s so good about it? The fact that it would be extremely hard for hackers to access your network! Want to keep an eye on what the other users on your network are up to? That’s easy! With Soap’s SpyMode, you would be able to see in real-time what users from your network are doing. Through Soap, you can actually stream their screen over its touch display! This way, you would be in a far better position to check on the content that your children are watching – you would also be able to prevent someone from gaining access to your personal data! This particular feature of Soap basically employs a variety of software so as to block malware, viruses, and phishing scams from accessing your devices. On the whole, it is a rather powerful ad-blocker that additionally has the potential to remove every single one of those annoying banners and ads that come up when you browse the internet –hassle-free browsing is exactly what it guarantees! Soap Mobile Soap Mobile actually makes it possible for you to control Soap from just about anywhere in the world through an app that is available for both the iPhone and Android. General Specs Quad-core processor 7” Captive touch display (1280x800) Soap Touch Only 2x USB 3.0 Real world, clocked speeds at Avg 80 mgs per Sec for NAS 8GB on board storage can be upgraded to any drive that connects through SATAII Soap Essentials Only 32GB on board storage can be upgraded to anything that connects through SATA2 Soap Touch Only 4GB DDR3 ram SD Card Expansion and Boot from SD firmware *Built in Battery (if stretch goal of 200k is reached) Router Specs 802.11AC: Latest WiFi standard that provides Gigabit Wireless speeds, and is around 4x faster than the current 802.11n. It is also 100% backward compatible with older 11a/b/g/n devices. 5 GHz Speeds up to 1300 Mbps 2.4 GHz Speed up to 450 Mbps Configure as an access point Simultaneous Dual Band Configure as a wireless bridge Priority Control Qos Web Filtering and Parental Controls Zigbee (2.4GHz) Z-Wave US, Canada, Mexico (908.42 MHz)* Z-Wave Europe (868.42 MHz)* Z-Wave Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong *(919.82/921.42MHz) NFC Gigabit LAN x4 Bluetooth 4.0 VLANS, Port Forward, Port Filtering, Firewall, DMZ, QOS VPN, Samba Server (USB Storage/Printers) DLNA Streaming, UPnP *Soap with no rope.802.11AC Wi-Fi WAN Connector (if stretch goal of 400k is reached) Wireless Security – WPA2, WPA-PSK (AES, TKIP), 128/64-bit WEP. AOSS and WPS push button setup options automatically configure secure wireless connection. Soap Prototype, Final PCB/CAD and What is Going to Change on the Final Design.... Our prototype is not the best looking device, but it does show our proof of concept. We want to make sure we are clear in explaining where we are at in the development process and what differences there will be between the current prototype and the final design. Below we have listed the core feature and what stage the prototype is at and what we plan to be different final design. As of now this is where some of the major software development as been done we have worked on and have built drivers for Android. PLAY PLAY Zigbee In the final design the Zigbee will be directly built into the board. As of now it is not built in and has been tested through a development Zigbee board connected through a USB interface. We have to work on the OS interface with this to make it more user friendly as of now it does basic controls but doesn't allow much range in macro and scene management. There are several third party apps that can control the Zigbee built into Soap but we will be working to have our own Soap OS app to manage this for Soap Automation. PLAY Z-WaveThe Z-Wave will also be built into the board and can be seen on the 3D cad file. We have a lot of OS interface development to complete which will make this easier to use then it is now. We have built drivers that allow for our current planned Z-wave module to work on Android As of now you are able to run some third apart Z-wave apps that will let you manage this. We will be building our own Soap automation app to manage this and allow control of the Z-wave module. PLAY BLEThe current BLE is functional and we have no plans to make any hardware changes. We will however be working to make this hardware easier to use through our Soap app. As of now you can interface the hardware through the stock android GUI and other third party apps. PLAY Wi-Fi Connectivity The WIFI 802.11AC chip set is the same in our current prototype and it is the same one planned in the final design. We will be using the same Android Wi-Fi AP most users see on their phone but will be working to customize the interface for SoapOS for the final design. If we reach $175,000 in pledges we will be putting a different chipset into the design as we list in the stretch goal. If this happens we have more testing and OS driver development to complete. The current chipset that already has most the development done and is much more stable. As of now you can interface the hardware through the basic android OS Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi AP and many third party apps work with android Wi-Fi and can control it. PLAY NFC/RFIDThe RFID/NFC is functional on the Prototype but will also need OS development for the GUI. You can use the stock Android UI to interface with this but we are working to make our own Soap Automation system to make this easier. PLAY Mirroring Screen mirroring this is a common and functional feature on the Soap Prototype. Insteon This requires no hardware changes but will have to be approved by Insteon. To use Insteon in our prototype this requires interfacing through the current Insteon app. For the Final design we are going to be making Soap Automation app that allows interfacing with the Insteon connectivity a little easier. Current State of our custom PCB Below is the final production planned board. We actually had a couple but due to feedback we settled on this one! We hope you love it! Our planned 3D CAD file. We have not had this board created or manufactured yet it is only in the PCB layout and Design Stages but we have tested all the planned chipsets on our test board. We originally had a opensource board called Kosagi as our foundation for our final design but we changed this when cost was too high and it had to many features that we didn't need. We have now updated the project with our new and most recent design below which is not using any opensource source files to build (like a Altium from Kosagi) We have designed the board by using inspiration of all the boards along the development path. How we came up with the idea behind Soap – Let’s take a look! The concept behind Soap was rather simple – we wanted to come up with an innovative, all-inclusive device that could help simplify the lives of countless people who are not accustomed to the latest technologies and the complex software that they are based on. We wished to give people across the world a small gadget that would combine multiple features and capabilities, thereby making it possible for them to save not just time, but money and space as well while retaining all he benefits and features. The one thing that we acknowledged during the process was that the tablet interface is totally going to dominate the market in the upcoming years. For this reason, we deemed it best to employ this technology to our product with the touch screen. This is how we came up with the basic idea for Soap – the first all-inclusive, touch screen router in the world! The Process PLAY The Board The Process was interesting we initially started with something way different because the plan for Soap was something way different. That is way it began with a Arduino. We also tried some Raspberry Pi. Moving on, we changed directions and tried out the Beaglebone White – a small Linux computer that has the potential to run Ubuntu as well as Android 4.0. We decided to test the newer, smaller version called the Beaglebone Black with the Wi-Fi cape, but while it offered ample speed, its support and connectivity just couldn't match what its predecessor had to offer. On the other hand, the simpler setup and connectivity that it had to offer gave us a great idea – we’d connect it with a 7-inch LCD. Seriously speaking, this was the marking point for the development of our product. We then carried on with our search for a faster processor, which brought us to test the Minnowboard - an Intel® Atom™ processor based board. The downside? Too expensive, and couldn't provide us with the GPU support that we required. Our next turn was towards AMD processors, and we started off with testing Gizmo board. What we found was that although it had the capability of fast GPU and CPU processing, it didn’t provide AMD networking support, and well, it kept on getting overheated. The one thing worth mentioning here is that it was fully capable of running the Soap OS together with a custom prototype board, it still missed out on some vital elements. The next thing we did was to try out the Panda Board – one of the newest single-board computers around that is equipped with an ARM processor. Let’s not forget – it offers outstanding ARM stack direction too, and when combined with the 7-inch LCD, the overall expansion and setting were out of this world. But it had its drawbacks too – it continued to lack in overall networked integration, and was far slower than the AMD processor that we had previously tried. This basically led us to our last choice but not last pick – the Wand board. Not only did it seem on the rather promising end, it was extremely fast too. We finally got to acquire positive results while trying out the Quad core version. What’s best is that it ran smoothly even with the LCD adapter board. Love at first sight – that’s how we’d like to define it! It offered just the right amount of power that was needed for us to make use of a captive touch LCD – better navigation, slick look; just what we wanted! We needed a prototype baseboard that had most the features built in for testing. We decided we wanted a board that had a lot of the development done that allowed us to test more advanced chip sets and really let us get our programming started and this is why we moved to our final prototype board below. Our most recent testing and development has all been off the FRIENDLYARM board its a great development platform. Our final custom PCB doesn't base exact schematics from any of the boards we tested but it definitely uses them for guidance and has helped mold our choices of final parts. **WE HAVE NOT HAD OUR CUSTOM PCB MANUFACTURED YET WE DID ALL PROTOTYPE TESTING WITH A FRIENDLYARM DEVELOPMENT BOARD** ALL OF OUR PROTOTYPE TESTING WAS PROVEN ON A FRIENDLYARM Board...We love them :) Under the Hood..Yes that is orange thermal paste stuck on our board :) Another angle! LCD and Board Back side...This is what was under the lcd in the videos...that white cable is the LCD connection. The Look Soap design started as something very simple, and actually looked like a soap bar. Obviously it has grown in scope and design since then. Given below are a few images of our 3D printed cases for Soap: PLAY Here are some images of our 3D printed cases for Soap. Soap Mobile App The Soap Mobile app is in early development and still requires a large chunk of work to be done. We do plan on having Soap Mobile finished in the next few months. As the masterminds behind Soap, we are extremely interested in introducing Soap to Kickstarter. Why is that so? Well, for the simple reason that we believe that Kickstarter users are the early adopters, leaders as well as trend-setter that we need to help get our product off the ground, up and running! The major reason why we need your help is to improve Soap for we want to develop it to the point that it offers the finest software, hardware as well as industrial design. Your support is also going to help us with the production of the custom casing. In order to make sure that Soap gets marketed at an easily affordable price, it is necessary for us to place substantially sized orders. This is just what we require Kickstarter funding for! Rest-assured that all of us are extremely hardworking people, and with Soap, we are truly going to revolutionize the market! Thank you very much, and we totally appreciate your support! So how will soap make all of our dreams come true and come to market? With your help of course! So how is Soap so cheap? Is it too good to be true? Soap is good but there is not such thing as too good to be true! We have taken a loss lead price on the first early releases and this allows us to get some interest early on! We are able to get our parts at such a affordable price because of the companies that are working behind the scenes they are the missing link to the whole project and without their help we wouldn't be able to afford the parts at the cost needed for the price we offer. Also be aware that the final retail price is going to cost a great deal more! Yes, we are a small group of people with big dreams but we are capable, willing and ambitious. We have the right partners and the experts that are needed to complete this project. We have the correct supply chain and we have the right companies helping us grow into our shoes we have decided to wear. Soap is a device that we love and we hope you will give it a chance to earn your love too. We have written out our exact timeline further down the project. As for our inspiration? We want to give credit to other boards we have learned from and used to develop soap! GizmoBoard FriendlyArm PandaBoard Arduino(Yes we did start here we feel all good projects that need some direction should start here) Raspberry Pi Beaglebone Black Beaglebone white Kosagi <url>’s Android OS, and all core Soap Apps.April-June 2014: Finalize the Soap PCB for production April-June 2014: Finalize tooling for injection molding June 2014: Production Run of all early edition Soap devices June-October 2014: Soap Certifications July 2014: Early Edition Soap Devices ship. July-October 2014: Feedback on early Soap devices and software adjustments for final production run. October-November 2014: Ship finalized Soap devices PLAY Who we are – the team behind Soap’s development Alex Jones – the original brainchild for Soap, who is also the main software engineer. Alex has been programming, hacking, and experimenting with electronics since he was eight years old.He not only brings his knowledge of electronics he also brings a forward thinking mindset. Brandon Jones – the creative mind behind the project. Brandon has been involved with multiple start-ups and brings vast creative and marketing experience to the Soap team. Dave Tilton – he handles the everyday business aspects associated with the project. Dave brings a lot to the table.He brings his knowledge as a military and airline pilot and his many years of experience in the business world. The basic vision that we hold with Soap is to develop the sort of unity that is required to allow devices to work together, totally in sync with each other. This vision has opened up a complete new era in the world of technology, where we consider our devices as being a single group, all working along each other to deliver highly efficient results. On the surface, the story behind the much-buzzed-about home networking start-up company Soap, Inc. seems like the story of a lot of tech start-ups. Someone discovered a new way for technology to solve a problem and, more specifically, recognized the potential of helping millions of frustrated home owners simplify home networking. But below the surface, the story of Soap, Inc., a company now poised to revolutionize the way consumers interact with home networking, is as much about the someone behind it as it is about the start-up itself. So how does an idea go from a pipe dream to collaborative relationships with the leading hardware manufacturers? Turns out, sometimes the journey truly is more interesting than the destination. Soap CTO Alex Jones’ journey to start-up success began in childhood. Always a tinkerer, Jones displayed an uncanny prowess at a young age for taking things apart, figuring out how they work, and putting them back together again, and found a true passion for computer science that continued to develop in to high school. “My family nicknamed me Magneto,” Jones said with a smile. “I used to spend any extra time I had in high school in the computer lab trying to learn as much as I could.” As a young adult, Jones started suffering severe migraines and was eventually prescribed Vicodin. In the years since Jones suffered his first migraine, the medical community has reconsidered how they treat patients with narcotics. But by the time he was taken off the Vicodin, it was too late. Jones was addicted. “This is when all hell broke loose, but I didn’t know it. I didn’t even know I was addicted,” Jones said. “The spiral began when I realized I liked this drug and it did something for me it doesn’t do for everyone. I now know this is a disease. At that time I had no idea of the danger of what I was doing so I kept going back for more.” During this same time Jones worked with his father in a tech business. On Jones’ 21st birthday, his father was suddenly diagnosed with leukemia. Within a week, his father was put into a medically induced coma due to complications from the chemo treatment. Two weeks later he passed away from those complications. Jones and his brother found themselves in charge of a company they joined because of a man who was now gone. His brother was left with liabilities that forced him to file for bankruptcy later that year. “At that point the drugs were my emotional support system and crutch,” Jones said. “I realize now that I was mad at God and the world. For the next five years, my life continued to get worse. I was in a dark place and made many of the mistakes that most addicts do while stuck in the disease of addiction including arrests and legal problems.” Sick with addiction, Jones made a decision in 2012 that he has regretted since: he bought a plane ticket and left the country. But, before long, he found himself on a return flight back stateside… with nothing but 8 hours of self-reflection and the Atlantic Ocean between him and the justice he had evaded. “The desire to get better and to be where I am today was always inside but I couldn’t get to it because I didn’t know how,” Jones continues. “I have learned the importance of hope. If you lose hope you give up on your life and you become ready to die. I was at this point. Then out of some miracle, I found myself placed in a court program designed to help people turn it around.” He entered this HEALS Program in 2013, which was specifically developed to rehabilitate addicts through intensive behavioral counseling. “It’s a program that just gets your life back together. And I needed it. I totally needed it,” Jones said. “I volunteered. I went to counseling. I got the tools I needed to really stay sober.” And in his sobriety, Jones noticed the trouble his parents were having managing all the tech devices in their home. Soon, Jones started to develop the ideas that would lead to Soap, Inc.: a way to monitor and control all the devices in their home, including parental content controls and device timers, home automation devices, with one intuitive and easy-to-use interface. But Jones soon found that although his idea had legs, he could (and should) not outrun the consequences of past mistakes. On the heels of a successful initial crowd funding campaign for Soap, Inc. on Kickstarter featuring a hardware component of the technology, Jones filed bankruptcy to begin the process of moving on from rehab costs and medical bills, a step that allowed him to focus more attention and resources on developing Soap. After recognizing a shift in the marketplace, Soap has evolved from concentrating on hardware to developing software that is universal across many routers and home automation platforms, enabling the company to potentially serve a larger market. And like the company he founded, Jones has evolved. He has evolved from an addict at rock bottom to an advocate for the HEALS program, even sponsoring a bed in a sober house with a monthly donation. “I realized that in order for me to stay healthy from the disease of addiction I have to give back,” Jones said. “So I look for opportunities to be service to anyone I can. I go help the homeless with money and care packages. I give rides to people that need to get to appointments in our court program. I volunteer wherever I can. The amazing thing about service is that I get more out of it then the people I try help. The service has made me so grateful for life and where I am now.” “I’m grateful for all those bad experiences because it makes me who I am today,” Jones said. “And who I am today tries to do as much good as I can.” Jones has found a way to weave that sense of gratitude in to every aspect of Soap, Inc.’s company culture. “It’s a great product that will give many people the ability to download an app and simply manage the complexities and potential dangers that come with more people using more technology at home,” Jones said. Although the path to innovation isn’t always pretty, it typically isn’t as lined with adversity as the path that has led to the truly revolutionary technology behind Soap, Inc. But who doesn’t love a good comeback story? Soap plans to launch in March on the Apple App Store and Google Play, thus giving consumers a new home networking solutions app. For more information on Soap, go to www.soapapp.us . Backers, Just a quick update. For those of you who have pledged for hardware, you will still receive hardware. The new hardware will do 90 percent of what we pictured Soap to do. We are very excited to get this out to our backers. We are very close to start fulfilling our pledges and appreciate everyone's patience. We have received some hardware and are working tirelessly to get them over to out to you guys. We want to give you guys a product that not only meets our visions, but will also fulfill your needs and what you wanted Soap to do. Thank you for all the support. Soap would not be at this point if it were not for you and we truly appreciate each and every one of you. Soap. We wanted to provide all our backers with an update on the Soap status. Don’t worry there aren’t any upgrades in this update : ). The Bad News We were hoping we would have our assembled board today to show off to everyone, but there has been a delay (we know its lame). They are having to assemble these first few boards by hand; which slows down the process quite a bit. Obviously for future PCB production runs this will not be the case and they will be to be produced at a much faster rate. The Good News While there is a delay, DEVA/EMI has assured us that we will have our first batch of boards sometime this week. So on the bright side of things it will only be a few days at the most. This package is probably my favorite of them all. Adding another Wi-Fi card to Soap might seem strange at first thought but the benefits of a secondary high-powered card are pretty great. This will make your Soap the top dog in the world for routers with speeds unmatched by the current ugly routers in the industry. • 2x 802.11ac (ngba) Wi-Fi modules from Soap doubling Soap’s routing abilities. • Over 3 GB/s Wireless. Speeds are maximized with Soap mesh. Get double the speed. • With Soap mesh, you can create a 3 GB/s wireless link. This means that your Soap devices will be able to communicate more to each other with no wires and fast as an SATAII connection SSD. • You will be able to double your network loads. • Double your customizations. • Double your mesh speeds. • Your Soap device will be a Hex-band router. • You can create six networks. Once installed, you will be able to manage the secondary card in our Soap Settings and it will be as simple as telling Soap what you want to do with the extra speed. Included with this upgrade: You will receive a second Marvell 802.11ac Wi-Fi card along with the one that comes standard in Soap. This will come pre-installed. Four upgraded SMA connected High Performance 5” antenna. (not required to work but will help with range and signal strength.) Soap Wi-Fi Upgrade: $100.00 Q. What Soap models support the Wi-Fi upgrade? A. You can upgrade any Soap model including the Solo, Dual, Quad, and 8.4. Q. Can this work with a cellular expansion as well? A. No, there are two mPCIe expansion slots. One is already being used by the first Wi-Fi card and the second would either be used for the cellular expansion or the Wi-Fi upgrade. Get it Here . wanted to show you guys some of the progress, here are couple of images of the Soap board. We will have assembled images in coming days. We wanted to say THANK YOU to all our KickStarter backers, we had over 300 pledges on our IndieGoGo campaign from you guys! We are offering a couple different upgrades and accessory options currently on our campaign. We thought you guys may be interested. Colors Upgrades Now Available: We have been in discussion with our manufacturing team and by using a metal anodization process, we can create Soap in a variety of different colors. You can upgrade your color for just 15 dollars. We are also offering a white digitizer upgrade option for only 10 dollars. To upgrade visit our IndieGoGo campaign, and pledge to the Color Upgrade option, once the campaign ends we will contact you for your color choice. The stock color is Soap Blue, as show in the image below. Check Out Here Soap Speak - Wireless HD Bluetooth Microphone and Speaker with 3.5 MM adapter. Speak to Soap and let Soap speak to you. Controlling most of our apps via voice. This accessory will allow you to check up on Soap and our different apps via voice from anywhere you place it. You can have multiple units to utilize the voice features anywhere in your house. Also will integrate with Google Now. high-output speaker and listening mic. - 3.5mm audio jack for connecting to a speaker and mic. - Bluetooth 4.0 low-energy, enabling a range of up to 150ft. - battery power/micro usb and can be charged with Soap Dish. - super long battery life: 8 hours consistent use and up to 2 weeks of standby time. - voice automated security - Voice recognition for router features like voice WPS. - can be used as a home automation trigger and listener. - Works with 3rd party development and has API For the next 48 hours you can get Soap Speak for 20 dollars off of its price of 60 dollars. Check out these upgrades here. Hi Guys have some good, bad &amp; GREAT news for this Update. So let’s start off with the Bad. TEAM USA LOST ;-(. Ok now to get serious. On to some GOOD news, Soap is doing great and has raised its goal on indiegogo! We are already working to move ahead with manufacturing as hitting this new stage in volume and new campaign goal will now allow us to achieve a better production price (HINT HERE To a surprise down below – Our Savings = Money saving opportunities for you guys/gals!) . We have received a notice from our manufacturer about our board. It was identified that it needed to be changed due to some issues involving silkscreen and a drill hole that required an adjustment, but not to worry it only set us back about 1-2 days. Its official KitKat is running on our prototype board! We had a meeting with Freescale last week and are excited for future items to work with Soap and the IOT world in general. We would like to get any help from our backers in our WikI creation and community creation. We need help with moderators and people that will keep the “trolls” in line! We are expecting Soap in the coming week and will post a demo asap along with a board picture for those who are interested. We will be sending out the first units in the next two weeks and if all tests go as planned will begin manufacturing the beta units! We plan on sending these first units to a number of people for reviews including and not limited to hackaday as they have been kind enough to offer to beta test Soap! Below (at the end of this update) is our most recent prototype and development platform which has enabled us to do software development and work on drivers. It is missing a couple features of our final board but 80% is the same. Ok so before we get to the GREAT stuff, lets answer some questions we have seen that are outstanding. If we missed yours, apologize but feel free to email us at <email> and we will get you an answer. (1) Q. Will KS backers be receiving the same stretch goals from the Indiegogo project or not? I can tell you that I have seen this question asked nearly 10 times now, and the simple answer is YES. Anything being included (AT NO COST) on the indiegogo campaign will be provided to all KS Backers. However, if its an add-on you will need to back that add-on item on indiegogo to get it. Hope that is self-explanatory. (2) Q. Why haven’t we posted a demo? Being that our this update identified at-least one reason for the delay, we plan to receive the modified board by July 12th or earlier. That being said, our new plan is to have a video up within a week of the boards arrival. (3) Where’s our Love here on KS vs the slew of updates on indiegogo? Our apologies for that and you all have every right to give us a virtual slap on the hand. But we’ve got some more news and images below that they haven’t received yet just for you guys. Ok so onto the GREAT Stuff: (1) We are going to make a deal available to all KS backers to give you all the ability to upgrade from the Touch/QUAD to the 8.4” or from the Essentials to the Touch/QUAD unit should you choose to take advantage of it. So here’s the deal…act fast if you are interested. (Please keep in mind these that you can only back upgrades for the number of devices that they backed on KS.) a. Soap QUAD (formerly Soap Touch here on KS) backers will have the ability to upgrade during the next 24 hours on indiegogo for $75.00. Yes that’s not a typo; initially we were offering this upgrade for $300.00. This won’t last a minute past the 24 hours. After 24 hours the upgrade price will go to $100.00, which is still a massive savings. b. Soap Essentials – As you know this device was only made available to KS backers, and as stated previously should you want to stick with this model it will be supported. So if you want to upgrade here’s a great opportunity for you. To upgrade to the Soap QUAD (formerly Touch) we are offering a $50 upgrade, to upgrade to the 8.4” the upgrade cost will be $150.00. Once again this is a steal. Don’t let it pass you by. (2) Inductive Charring – As you all remember in our last update we decided to include the battery in all devices at no additional cost. Well here’s more for you at no additional cost (Partially). We have modified the case of our devices to be ready for wireless charging! Exciting right? Now here’s why we said “partially”, we will be providing an add-on available on indiegogo for the charging pad which we plan to call the “Soap Dish”. We estimate that this will be sold for $75.00 and will let everyone know once its available on indiegogo. Here’s us showing the LOVE, check out the rendering of the charging pad before it’s on indiegogo. (3) Soap Multi-Tracker Tool (Soap Bar or Soap on a Rope)– I’m sure you’ve seen may variations of devices on KS and indiegogo, that can track devices and more, but the plans we have and integrations we plan will make this addition a must have. We will provide a more detailed update and feature set on this product soon but are estimating a $40 offering price on indiegogo campaign. Once again, here’s the LOVE, image first to KS backers before indiegogo. (4) By the way we have fun playing with naming these devices but would love some feedback from you guys, give us some add-on device names that you think sound good or make more sense? Thanks Soap Team Hi again, We wanted to re-post part of the last “Non Confusing Update” as our copy/paste between multiple documents accidentally rearranged the update order and possibly made it more confusing. Sorry for that. To assist in this cleaner update we have bullets for each clarified piece. Our reason for starting another campaign is pretty simple, our project faced some interference during our KickStarter campaign that caused loss of exposure and most likely affected the total volume of backers we could have received. As the campaign grew we realized that we would need to manufacture more units and had hoped to reach a level that could bring down our cost of manufacturing. Thus the reason for starting another campaign to aid in increasing the number of units to be ordered which in turn will lower our cost of manufacturing. (Hope that helps clarify) The Soap Essentials &amp; Soap Touch (“previous product name”) which all of you backed here on KickStarter will be called the “Soap Quad” moving forward. There is absolutely no difference in hardware on the Touch or Essentials (non-touch screen) which you all backed here in comparison to the “Quad” with the exception of (1) a non-touch screen model is not being offered to new backers, (2) backers on this new campaign are paying MORE than KickStarter backers did, (3) the offering of the 8” touch screen, which is at a higher price point and (4) an internal battery is now included. Speaking of the internal battery, all KickStarter backers are also going to receive the internal battery included in their device at no additional cost. Yay! Right? As to any backer who added extra funds to include the battery, we will be upgrading your battery to a more powerful battery. The “Soap Essentials” model itself is being eliminated from manufacturing post-delivery of the KickStarter backer units . This decision was made purely to allow for ease of support on our devices. Support for the unit itself is NOT being terminated in any way whatsoever as of this time. In fact the devices share nearly identical hardware with the exception of the touch screen, which allows for all devices to be maintained within a single update. We hope this helps clarify any concerns. In any event, we appreciate all of your past, present and continued support. Please keep spreading the word about our revolutionary product and its availability, whether it’s by mentioning us on Facebook, sharing our website or our new campaign. Anything and everything helps, and who knows there may be more surprises in the future like the one above as lower cost of goods allows for extra goodies! Lastly, we are super busy at work for you and it is sometimes more difficult to reply to a comment or create a complete new update that needs to be structured for the public vs just replying to an email, so If you have any questions or concerns, please email us directly at: <email>, <email> or <email> and we will make sure to get back to you as quick as possible. Don’t let that deter you from commenting as we do love feedback, but note that you may not get a reply to your question as quickly or until the next update. Thank you, The Soap Team Want to just clarify, As many of you know, we only were able to be listed on kickstarter for half the time we initially requested. Here is some answers to questions some of you have brought up. Soap Product Line Specs: If you cant find the tech spec on the general list scroll down to the extended detail list for more information on each technical specification. iMX6 1 Ghz -1.2 Ghz Quad core 1MB L2 (Soap Quad and 8.4) / iMX6 1Ghz-1.2Ghz Dual Core 1MB L2(Soap Dual) /iMX6 1Ghz Single core 1 MB L2(Soap Solo) 2 GB DDR3(Quad/Dual/8.4) / 1GB DDR3(Quad/Dual/Solo) 8GB(Solo)/ 32 GB On Board Storage(Dual/Quad/8.4) X10-310Mhz 433 Mhz NFC Insteon RF Bluetooth v2.1 + EDR, v3.0 + HS, v4.0 WiFi 2.4/5 Dual 802.11AC(Master) up to 1.3+ GB/s and Beam-forming technology(see below for detailed specs) WiFi 2.4/5 Dual 802.11N(Secondary see below for details) Zigbee- 802.15.4-2009 (2.4GHz) Z Wave- (EU 868.4 MHz /US 908.4 MHz /HK 919.8 MHz /NZ 921.4 MHz /AUS 921.4 MHz) USB 3.0 x 2 open ports USB 2.0 x 1 open port with USB OTG and UPNP HDMI for display and more to come. SD Card Expansion Slot • SATAII(8.4 Soap has Populated SATAII for 128GB SSD storage ext.) mPCIe Expansion port x 2(One open for customization and other is populated with our high speed 802.11ac WiFi card) Battery- 2600 milliamp(if you paid for a upgrade you will get this) HD LCD- 800x600 inch Capacitive Touch Kyocera Display/ 8.4 inch has 1024x768 Kyocera HD Display. Soap Specs Detailed CPU: Freescale® i.MX6 Solo ARM Cortex A9 (1.0 GHz, 512KB L2 Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Dual ARM Cortex A9 (2 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2 Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Quad ARM Cortex A9 (4 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Quad ARM Cortex A9 (4 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2Cache, ) 8.4 inch RAM: DRAM up to 2 GByte onboard DDR3 memory, 1066 MT/s Ethernet 5 RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet I/O Interfaces 4 x USB 2.0,1 x SATA ,1 x SDIO, 1 x I²C bus, 1 x CAN Bus, **4 x PCIe 2.0, 1 x USB OTG, 2 x USB 3.0,1 x SPI Sound I²S Graphics Integrated in Freescale i.MX6 Series Video (VPU), 2D Graphics (GPU2D) and 3D Graphics (GPU3D), 3D graphics with 4 shaders up to 200MT/s, dual stream 1080p/720p decoder/encoder.OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenVG 1.1 Power Consumption Typ application &lt;5 Watt Temperature Operating: 0 to +60°C commercial grade Humidity Operating: 10 to 90% r. H. non cond. / Storage 5 to 95% r. H. non cond. Video Interfaces: 1 x HDMI, LVDS 2x24 Operating Systems Android 4.0, Linux Storage- 8 GB/32 GB on Board Storage with SD card expansion unpopulated and a SATAII Connection available for expansion and boot up. (8.4Inch has SATAII connection populated with a 128GB SSD boots from SATA) WiFI 802.11AC(Primary): Directly from Marvell data sheet: -Dual-band (2.4/5 GHz) IEEE 802.11ac 4x4 System-on-Chip, the Avastar 88W8864 is specifically designed to support the speed, reliability, and quality requirements of next generation, Very High Throughput WLAN products. -4x4 MIMO 3-spatial Stream -Dual-band 802.11ac offering 1.3+Gbps WLAN PHY rate -Backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n -Channel Bandwidth up to 80MHz -256 QAM Modulation Scheme -Market proven Implicit and Explicit Transmit Beamforming technology -Low Density Parity Check (LDPC) Secondary WiFi Chipset Specs 802.11N 2.4/5.4 Dual band IEEE 802.11a/b/g/j, 802.11n, 802.11d/e/i/w, 802.1X, 802.11k/r/v/h Data Rates 802.11n: from 6.5 Mbps to 150 Mbps (MCS 0-7),802.11a/g: from 6 Mbps to 54 Mbps 802.11b: from 1 Mbps to 11 Mbps 802.11n Advanced Features1-SS, 40MHz bandwidth, Greenfield Preamble, Short-GI, 1 spatial stream STBC, RIFS, A-MSDU, A-MPDU, Aggregation with Block-ack, A-MSDU inside A-MPDU, PSMP, MTBA, Fragmentation and Virtual AP support (up to 8 BSSIDs) QoSWMM and WMM Power Save Support -Wi-Fi modesEmbedded Wi-Fi client and Access point Network Protocols TCP, UDP, DHCP, ARP, IGMP, DNS client. Integrated web server. -Supply Voltage3.0-3.6V, 1.8-3.6V Operating Temperature Industrial Grade -40ºC to +85ºC Typical Transmit Power(+/- 2 dBm) Wi-Fi: 18 dBm for 802.11b DSSS 17 dBm for 802.11g/n OFDM 15 dBm for 802.11a/g/n OFDM Rx sensitivity (+/- 1 dBm) Wi-Fi: 1 Mbps -97 dBm (&lt; 8% PER) -54 Mbps -76.5 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) -MCS7 (20MHz) -72 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) MCS7 (40MHz) -69 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) Zigbee Specifications: 802.15.4-2006: DSSS High performance Zigbee receiver with -101dBm Rx sensitivity Support for multiple Zigbee output powers up to +20dBm Zigbee Certification 802.15.4-2006: 250Kbps 802.15.4-2006 (2.4GHz) Bluetooth Specifications: High performance Bluetooth receiver with -95dBm Rx sensitivity Support for Bluetooth Transmit power class-1 Bluetooth: 1, 2, 3Mbps Bluetooth: GFSK, DQPSK, 8DPSK Bluetooth Qualification Bluetooth v2.1 + EDR, v3.0 + HS, v4.0 Z Wave Specifications: RF • Freq for 9.6kbps / 40kbps EU: 868.42 / 868.40MHz US: 908.42 / 908.40MHz HK: 919.82 / 919.80MHz NZ: 921.42 / 921.40MHz AUS:921.42 / 921.40MHz High Sensitivity (-102/-98dBm) FSK Modulation 9.6kbps/40kbps Data Rate -22.0dBm to -2.0dBm Output power (ZM3102N) (EU, US) -23.5dBm to -3.5dBm Output power (ZM3102N) (HK,ANZ) Complies with: EU: EN 300 220 US: FCC CFR47 part 15 HK: HKTA 1035 ANZ: ANZ 4268+A1+A2 X10 RF US- 310 Mhz and EU 433 Mhz Insteon RF- Data rate Instantaneous (within a single packet): 13,165 bit/s Sustained best case (over multiple packets): 2,880 bit/s Sustained average case: 180 bit/s[4] Message types Standard: 10 bytes Extended: 24 bytes Message format/structure Source Address: 3 bytes Destination Address: 3 bytes Flags: 1 byte Command: 2 bytes User Data: 14 bytes Message Integrity: 1 byte Devices supported Unique IDs: 16,777,216 Device Types: 65,536 Commands: 65,536 Group Members: 256 Insteon engine memory requirements RAM: 80 bytes ROM: 3 kilobytes Typical application (light switch, lamp dimmer) memory requirements RAM: 256 bytes EEPROM: 256 bytes Flash: 7 kB RF physical layer Frequency: 902 to 924 MHz Modulation: FSK Sensitivity: -103 dBm Range: 150 ft unobstructed line-of-sight[5] The Soap Essentials and Soap Touch is now called the Soap Quad, it was renamed. Soap Essentials is the Soap Quad without the screen. We are not offering the Soap Essentials for anyone other than you guys and are offering you a way to upgrade to a LCD unit. We are still going to manufacture the Essentials for the backers that do not want anything else and are happy with the unit as we will fulfill our commitment to you. For all kickstarter backers, whether you have an essentials or touch, you would be receiver the Soap quad. The essentials you would receive the quad without a display. We changed the name for the product and we made some confusing changes. We are sorry for any confusion and we are hoping this clears up some of that confusion. We just added an upgraded version of the touch. the 8.4 is just the same carrier board for both the touch and and quad just with a larger screen. no matter what product i.e. soap solo, dual, quad, or 8.4 the carrier board that we are creating is the same unit. We are not creating a new product line prior to sending out the original product. It is all part of the same product line. We are still on schedule to release the early testing units at the end of July When we asked for support we were not requesting you to purchase new products. We simply added some upgrades you can purchase and give more options for the products we will be manufacturing. we are doing a secondary campaign to bulster more support for the soap product. the more pre orders we have the cheaper it will be to produce. For those of you that are wondering and want a firm date for the demo, it is being manufactured as we speak in California. We plan to have the demo in the last business week of June and have a video on the 26th. What the future looks like for kickstarter backers. June 26th. video, test prototype Stress testing, software loading for the first week of july. If the board passes our stress testing, we will order the first 300 Soap devices with EMI manufacturing. Within the next 2 to 4 weeks EMI will be shipping to you guys directly. You are the first testers of the product and we are counting on you guys for feedback. Every 2 weeks after the initial wave, 50 units will be shipped out until we reach our 200 early release units. If you decide to upgrade to the soap 8.4 and are afraid that it will put you back in line, do not worry. We will make sure your place is the same. we will just change the unit you receive. Either way we appreciate your guys support. please keep spreading the word and we look forward to doing business with you. If you have any questions or concerns, please email us directly at: <email>, <email>, <email>. we will make sure to get back with you in a timely matter. Thank you, The Soap Team We have quite bit of bigs news and some exciting things that will be happening! Check it out out our notes... We have started the Soap Developer Community and we ask that any one that wants to follow the development process, check out the API and start developing hardware or software for Soap go and register now and you will be the first to receive the Soap Developer kit when ready. We are finishing the site and will continue to add specs, info and more Soap information. www.soapdevelopers.com We are very excited that we have more firm dates on our the arrival of the first 5 final production Soap devices before the end of this month. We are hoping to have them by June and we will begin the process of sending out the first units for early developers and testers. We know this is exciting news. Big Good News! After much pushing from a lot of you guys.... We have another big announcement and we think you will be excited to hear this. With our recent progress and finalized production plan and timeframe we have decided to run a secondary crowd funding campaign on indiegogo.We know most of you have been telling us to run indiegogo this for quite a while now as we all feel a little like we didn't get the full shot or opportunity we could have had on here We are looking to get enough on indiegogo to add another 200 piece build to our large order with our turn key manufacturer for August and we think this is a great avenue. At this moment with all your pledges we still only have about 800 units to build and to get to the price break we need that makes making all these devices reasonable we want to cross that magic 1000 piece order saver. we would love to be 1000’s more and to be able to make Soap popular enough to be in more homes. To potentially urge you guys to maybe share this campaign with others and to potentially upgrade you own Soap device. We have some new Soap Devices you may love and we want to make sure we give you guys a way to upgrade if desired. Go check out our project below….There is a lot of information and stuff you guys will love listed on the project. <url>" (1280x800) Screen, 450 NIT and Glass Digitizer. **(Soap Touch Only) HDMI Internal SD boot Firmware Please take note of the additions and changes as they are final. With the changes to our final design that we feel has allowed us to take big leaps forward. Development Notes and Changes: We have decided to use a SOM from Congatec. Congatec imx6 SOM We have added a multi RF module able to communicate on 310/433/920 MHz(This was possible by all the people that pledged extra to get the USB 3part) We have added X10 RF -We have legitimate 1000 MB/s Ethernet. We have found a solution to the imx6 470 Megabytes per second limitation. We have legitimate USB 3.0 on Soap -You may notice that we have two WiFi chipsets both being dual band. We have made our final decision and we are going to be in the final. We will be using Marvell for our wave 2 chipset. We decided that the cost of development time with Quantenna is too long and more expensive then planned. The disadvantage of this is we will have a minimal speed reduction from the 2 GB/S to around 1.7-1.9 GB/S with all streams or to 1.95 GB/S with both chipsets on all streams(Only really possible with another Soap device) if you utilize both wifi chipsets and point them at a device with the all streams. We are aware of the RAM reduction, we apologize for this but our appetite was too large for our stomach and it just wont work. Soap with no Rope will be functional with all Soap devices but will requires the thumb adapter or another WiFI router or Bridge to link to. Partners and Affiliates: We have a few new companies we are working with to make this all happen: HWI - This is schematic review, design and revisions and our go to Support Deva (they are IEM partners)- California- This is our turn key quick turn prototype company they handle suppliers, print and assembly. IEM and EMI <url>— This is our turn key manufacture that will be handling our large orders in the amounts of 500 and more. The will also do the part supplies, printing, assembly, packaging and shipping. Everything after final design is done. General Partner ,Soap Team, and Other Misc. Trade Relationships List(people we work with): IEM, HWI, Deva, Sage, Intel, Avnet, Arrow, Embedded works, Marvell, Freescale, Congatec, Sigma, RF solutions, Sparklan, Mouser, Digikey, Microchip, PLX and more. 2. Software Status- We have been working with a couple of programmers and have recently begun work with a remote firm to finish the software. Finish is a relative term in software but we are using them to finish the three phases and begin phase four. As you can imagine we will always be working on this with updates and new ideas but we have put development in these phases We have the software development in progress and divided into 4 phases. 1. Soap Basics- This requirement is to combine all the linux and android drivers available for all the parts in Soap and to compile it into our Kernel. -This is in progress as we speak 2. Soap Library and System development- This is what it sounds like and will be what our Soap apps are able to access for their creation -This is has partially begun but we are waiting on the first phase to finish Soap Apps. 3. Development of apps for android that will on Soap and be manage through its own UI. This also includes the android phone and tablet apps along with the IOS apps. -The process, UI and partial development has begun. For phase 1 2 and 3 we expect to complete we have been told to expect 4-6 more weeks. We will begin the Developer community, new apps and fine tuning old ones. This will include support and updates for existing apps. This will begin in July and extend for the extended future. -The Structure and flow process has begun on these but cant move much further until phases one and two have finished The planned apps we talked about previously have been combined into a more functional three apps system. -+Soap Automation Manages all the home automation connectivity Soap Voice Recognition and Management will be standard on all of our applications but will ask to be configured before functional. This feature utilizes voice control to manage Soap. IT will utilize Soaps Microphone or the Microphone of the device you are currently near. When installed on the device it will listen for your voice and can act of commands based on what you tell it. The great thing is you can set permissions on voice. So Soap owners can get full admin access and even give guest voice control access to others so they can utilize features you allow. To full use this you will need to install the Soap Voice apps on all devices. -+Soap Guardian This will manage your parental controls and user level access This feature will have the voice recognition and security ability and will be controllable via voice. -+Soap Secured This is the custom security and privacy, along with the previously called flypaper apps. We also have been integrating Soap Voice Recognition and Management in the security app This feature utilizes voice control to manage Soap. IT will utilize Soaps Microphone or the Microphone of the device you are currently near. When installed on the device it will listen for your voice and can act of commands based on what you tell it. The great thing is you can set permissions on voice. So Soap owners can get full admin access and even give guest voice control access to others so they can utilize features you allow. To full use this you will need to install the Soap Voice apps on all devices. -+Soap Theater and Music We are working on our Media streaming and theater system app that allows mixing and matching of wifi, bluetooth and any speaker to create a 5.1, 7.2 or whatever floats your boat theater sound system. Also will have voice control function. -+Soap Router and Networking - The routing function and radio on/off ability will be built into the system along with some custom network management abilities to allow translation between different RF. We will have a app that runs at the higher level and will allow router control and connectivity management. Soap uses a WiFi direct and Mesh Networking and has standard network routing architecture to act as a router. We are working on our own custom system level management for this also as default. So that your router and internet wont crash if the app crashes on Soap. Will have voice WPS ability and other cool features. Soap Energy Management (System Level with App level access) This is the ability to tell Soap to save power in your home via IoT devices and on the device itself. This will notify you of home automation devices left on and idle and will even turn things off if you allow it to manage your own. This will work like Power Saver mode on your phone or tablet except more functions to save power. Soap Phone, Tablet Android and iOS Apps- Soap will have remote access and management apps for android devices such as phones and tablets and will also have the same app in the iPhone and iPad Version. These apps are being designed now and we will start development when the batch of final prototypes arrive in June. These apps will allow you to manage Soap and you home from their interface. So you can control it anywhere you go. We are in the process of allow multiple types of remote access and local access: Remote Display and UI access- This will be exactly like you are on the Soap device. Similar to remote desktop but for tablets and phones. This is the easiest way to manage Soap as it wont require any fumbling with the UI to figure out what is what. IF you know your Soap device you will know this one. HTTP Access- Another method the app will be able to connect is through our app and using the http mode which will connect you to your remote access ip address if your are not home or if at home it will access the default gateway. This is just like managing your router today. This mode will not allow all the functionality as the RDA but it does work best when bandwidth and speed are a concern. Also usable on desktops, laptops and other large machines Soap Static App Control- This will simply be like any other home automation app that controls a hub. IT will work both locally and remote and will allow total administration and management within the app itself and wont require opening your device browser. Ethernet Control: Any device connected via PORT 1 on the LAN connections will be given a default gateway redirect when first powered on. This will allow you to configure and setup Soap via PC. Soap Touch- Soap can be configured, managed and totally usable with no need for any other device. Meaning you can just turn Soap touch on and it will guide you through. Soap essentials- Soap essentials will require any above configuration procedure or a HDMI or Wireless Display with a Mouse or Keyboard to configure. We have put a auto pair wireless display function in the design of essentials allows those with no HDMI the ability to stream to their smart TV right away. All of these options are under development and not final. We will not be able to finalize these feature until a later date but this what we are working on now. Other apps- You can run a lot of different apps and Soap is being be registered with google play. Chromecast works, Netflix and more. One apps note discussed on KS and here is the Soap Integrate and Connect App(that is not the name) it is the app that will tie in all your favorite apps and then will allow you to utilize that particular app in a way that makes use of all of Soaps abilities. Example: When soap detects you arriving home it will use wireless display or a chrome cast to stream your next episode of your favorite show on Netflix. Third Party Developer Apps- We still are going to allow 3rd party hardware and software development in the open. We are expected to have our API and SDK up by the end of June. This will be a rough version and require us all to work together to pull it off. Our major concern in this area concerns the Security, Privacy and Potential data mining risk. We are discussing our final process for the Soap verified safe process that will allow a developer to have us list their app as safe and verified non malicious. We are considering a similar process as good play and that if its a unknown source Soap will notify users of the potential hazard and offer you a way to bypass the permission check and/or allow or to block. This is not concrete yet and we will not know more for a couple weeks as our final architecture turns out. To put you minds at ease you will not have a monthly fee to operate Soap. The talk about premium apps was not correct. To all backers outside the US: Please be on the look out for surveys and emails from us in the next month. If you’re email has recently changes please email use directly at <email> for us to get you fixed. We will need you to verify what kind of power supply plug you require. We are using something similar to the apple charger which allows easy change of the plug. We are not using a wall wart. This means that we will be able to make sure you can plug Soap in no matter where you are. We are going to need a response via email and will also try to do a survey for this as we didn't mention it in our previous backer kit surveys. ++++All Developers, Coders, Hackers and more that are interested in creating apps, hardware of both that will work with or on Soap needs to contact us. Send a email to <email> and tell him of your interest and we can get rolling.++++ Join the Soap Developer Community- We are in the process of building the Developer Portal for soap which will allow for the easy portal and platform for multiple developers to work together on Hardware and Software that works with Soap. We feel this will be a great way to grow the Soap community and to just make great technology. This will be announced and running in the coming weeks. If you have any request or conceptual ideas of this please email <email> as this portal all of ours and any ideas and help is much appreciated. The User Interface- This is something very important to us and we really want to make Soap and easy to use and possible while also allowing a lot of development access and will be posting the design planned soon. We realize that with the amount of apps and, programming we are working on is a big workload but we are making adequate strides to keep a good timely pace. If needed will remove certain features for beta and release a software update and auto patch with the additions so we can test as we go and not have to wait for all of it to be coded to get moving. We are trying to do everything concurrent this is a challenge at times but we are moving along and are grateful for your support. 3. The Case and Packaging- We are working with a engineer to finalize our injection mold. It looks like we will have a three piece case design as follows. 1. The outside case 2. The inner housing 3. Back access panel door. We are able to make all three pieces in one mold and this allows us to save a great deal of income. Packaging- We have our packaging design done and hope you like it so far. We are still working on the inside of the box and what it will contain and if we are going to use recycled paper or go green. Going green would mean a digital startup guide and would be easy for the Soap touch people but this plan will pose a problem with the none LCD Soap device people. If you are not able to figure out how to get it working. If you have not seen it you go to our website to take a look at both. 4. The Final Prototype- After our most recent changes to the PCB with the SOM change we had to alter our original print and get it redone. As of now Deva(a great prototyping company in California who is pattered with IEM) is doing a small build quantity of Soap and its expected to be done in the middle-end of June. We also are expected the early OS build to finish up mid June so it will be just in time for the print. We are confident that we will have a showable demo in June and are excited for this. 5. The Estimated Arrival Time Line As we said we are waiting for the June deadline to finalize the device. This is expected to be the last revision before production. We think we still can keep close to our timeframe because of the people we have chosen to work with. IEM is lining of all the parts needed for our larger order now at the same time we are finishing our final prototype. This allows them to have all the parts ready to go when we are. Once this June batch of prototypes is tested and deemed ready we will notify IEM to begin. We already have told Congatec about our quantity needs for the coming months and they are excited to be part of the Soap project. We are still expecting to stay close to our time frame we are in the process of finalizing dates for delivery, amazon preorders and more. Depending on our finalize large qty agreement with the manufactures we will be working with potential outside revenue to allow us to do a larger production run and keep the cost lower. As you know this takes negotiation and prices can be significantly reduced with a large enough order so we will be working on a way to increase our order load for our retail round this may be done with Pre orders or just us footing the bill and having them in stock. We have been able to keep all of the design, development and manufacturing of Soap in the US :) Outside the US Only: We are also still on track for the Europe and Asia version we are working the required certifications concurrent with the US version and since we have been able to use multi RF modules we are able to create only one hardware type and to adjust the modules RF with software. Since we are not on the shelves of Best Buy YET our requirements for certifications are minimal especially with the SOM and Modules choices of hardware but we will work to get as many certifications done as possible before shipping. We expect production runs to happen like: 1.(Agreement Complete)Final Functional Prototype Build(June) 2. (Agreement Complete)Beta 100 Unit 50/50 Touch/Essentials Build(July-August) 3.(Agreement Complete) Late Beta/Retail 200 Unit Build Order ratio of 2:1 Touch to Essentials(End August- Sept) 4. (Terms being negotiated now)Retail 1000 Unit Build- 750/250 Touch/Essentials.(Oct)-Finish fulfillment 5. (Terms be negotiated)5000 Unit build order(Dec-Jan)- All KS pledged will have been fulfilled by this time Obviously this is a generous time line and doesn't calculate in revisions. If a change is needed then you can expect a 4 week delay for schematic, layout, BOM part find, Review, Print, Assembly, test. So we are not expecting or anticipating any changes or needed revisions. 6. Process and Procedure for rewards Our current plan for the early units is to begin the manufacturing of those units in July after the final prototype undergoes rapid stress and environmental testing. We are in the process of compiling the list of backers and the ETA for their product. We will be notifying you individually by email and you will be given a Soap order process ID. This number is going to be your ticket in line. We will be organizing who gets Soap when by giving each backer a number based on when they pledge and their and selected reward. So for example all June-Sept backers will be organized into a list and the first pledge will receive the first product. The early units will work this way do the the staggered development waves. Obviously we want to order in as large of quantities as we can as it will cost less per unit. We will be doing this for the early units as we expect to have a large enough manufacturing order to get all the later units complete at the same time. So what this means is June-Sept pledges will all be numbered and notified by email of their number and place in line. All Oct-Dec retail units will just be given a id number such as 1RM1214ST for the Soap Touch and 1RM1214SE for the Essentials and will be shipped at the same time. To all backers outside the US: Please be on the look out for surveys and emails from us in the next month. We will need you to verify what kind of power supply plug you require. We are using something similar to the apple charger which allows easy change of the plug. We are not using a wall wart. This means that we will be able to make sure you can plug Soap in no matter where you are. We are going to need a response via email and will also try to do a survey for this as we didn't mention it in our previous backer kit surveys. If your email has recently changes please email use directly at <email> for us to get you fixed. If you are a dollar backer or none reward pledge and we have your information on file you may be receiving a Soap care package in the mailbox(yes the old one) It will contain Soap Company, Product and a little gift of thanks. We also will include a coupon that will give you a discount on the retail product that can be entered when purchasing for a lower price. Its just a little Soap &lt;3’s You Care Package. 7. Soap prices: The price changes are NOT FOR KS BACKERS only for new orders so do not worry. You may have noticed our retail price is on our site. We are working within our BOM and burn rate to set the accurate sales price. This price will be as significantly more then what you guys have paid as, we expected. We will be doing another survey that will ask you some questions about suggested retail price and your preferences. This will help us to finalize a retail price we list for customers in the future(not KS backers). We also will ask you about each feature and you rating of that potential feature or option. So please fill it out! We are aware that we have unloaded a lot and you will have questions. Please ask by email. Please email any questions to <email> Comments are not able to be answered as easily as emails. Love, The Soap Team. On side note please go to our Facebook and Twitter page and follow and like us please. we are going to start using this social media outlets more often in the coming weeks and we hope to have all of you apart of it. We have been putting together a large update with a lot more final information. The problem is we don't have the final information yet. We can give some soft dates though. We plan on having our first live demo of Soap around mid June. This will be a demo of Soap that all of us including you guys have worked together to create and be a demo of the July units and what we will have manufactured for the early units. We have been able to find solutions to allow for us to keep to our time frame as much as possible and we want to walk through them. We have been able to make a few things standard that we don't want to announce yet we would rather show you but they have to do with: -SOM Vendor for CPU (For any hardware guy this was a obvious change that needed to happen for development) -Battery power -433, 310, and other Misc frequencies. -Storage -Wifi 802.11ac Modules availability Marvell and Quantenna -Premium apps from Soap and subscriptions available and discounted price for KS backers only As for software this is being put together as we speak and is one of the things we are still waiting for updates from our programmers. As soon as all the information is ready we will post the update but we are going to spread our updates out to a frequency of about twice a month as there is little information to do a full update every week. Hello, Apologize for the missed update. We have been meeting with suppliers and manufactures and we will be posting more informative update later this week. We have some more defined information with production, API, apps and finalized features that we think you will love. So hold tight and Friday we will have more information. Hey just thought I would post a quick update for you guys. We have some new renderings of the Soap device that I thought we would show you guys. Let us know what you think. Also if you guys have questions please email us at <email>. Hello Backers! It has been another insanely busy week here at Soap, we currently have a lot on our plate and are working like crazy to meet all our deadlines. Things are going surprisingly smoothly for a tech project. We hope to have a bigger update for you in a week or two. New website The Soap website has fresh new update and is a bite easier on the eyes, make sure and check it out. Final Case Design We are planning on having the final case design to show you guys in next weeks update. BackerKit Don’t forget to sign up for BackerKit we need everyone in the system so we better track all of you guys. Again thanks for all the support! Soap Hello! Weekly Update: This week has been packed with a large amount of work varying in type from software to hardware and everything in between. Here are some key notes and topics: We are expecting our newer PCB print to arrive in the next 1.5 weeks and are excited for this! We will be posting pictures as soon as we have something presentable. We will be taking these ones to the assembly plant immediately and will be sending a lot of Soap Touch and Essentials off to different places. One of the places we will be sending the devices is to US and EU regulatory testing and we hope to have Soap submitted to a few more countries for testing within the same week. This approval process will take about 3 months so we are still on schedule for Soap in July and are excited to be keeping the pace. We have finalized on a LCD and Digitizer that will look beautiful in Soap and we are excited to have been able to make the HD glass on glass digitizer and LCD assembly a real spec and not a just a dream. Message for specs! Soap has been invited to a couple of big conventions and meet and greets in San Jose in June and other locations. More details soon. We are also dealing with a developers and have created a project with some project management software for any remote developers to allow us to work together with more fluidity. Email or message for info- <email> If you have a app idea or a accessory idea email Alex at <email> Please finish the backerkit survey and take a look at all the home automation accessories and upgrades we have been testing. If you are confused or need help send us a direct email at <email> PS-We are aware of the emails and are trying to keep up with all the questions. So please be patient. And as always thank you very much and we will talk soon! We have sent out backerkit invites and hope you guys have had a chance to take a look! Invites for this are in your email. If you have already used backerkit check it out again, as of today we have added a lot of home automation items and a few more cool items that we have been specifically testing with Soap. We think you will like them! We also have fixed Canada shipping. If there is a missing Soap Automation device or accessory you feel we should have available send us a email at <email> or message us directly on kickstarter. Some of the items added are the Global Cellular mPCIe expansion for LTE and 3G World Data for all carriers. LED bulbs, Switches, Sensors and more! Thanks, Team Soap As promised here is our weekly update. BackerKit Invites Invites for BackerKit invites will be going out Sunday or Monday, keep an eye out for a couple new addons that will be available. Software Developers This week we have been in contact with multiple software developers to find the best one that will fit in with our team. Soap is hiring If you would like to develop software or accessories for Soap please contact us at <email> Website Still under construction, we hoped to have up this week but it is not quite finished yet. We should have a bigger update in a few weeks times, if you have questions or concerns please email us at <email> Website Update: A new updated website should be up and ready to go in about a week. So keep a look out for the new design. We think it looks much better, and we hope you guys will think so as well. Office: We are currently in the process of moving into our office and should be all moved in by the end of the weekend. BackerKit: We will be sending out our BackerKit invite in about 10 days, and we will make sure we do an update when the invites go out. Pre-Orders: If you missed the Kickstarter campaign or know someone that wants to pre-order Soap, you can order Soap at the link below. <url>"look" like a developer. We would like to address this and state the clearest we can that we are hard working people that are a little over ambitious at most. <url>– Camera, Speaker, and Microphone will be added to the Soap Touch 125K – Optical Audio will be added to both Soap Touch and Soap Essentials 175K – Quantenna QAC2300 WiFi Chipset will be added to Soap Touch 185k - Quantenna QAC2300 WiFi Chipset will be added to Soap Essentials A Couple New Pledge Levels Added Sneak Attack Double Trouble Special: Get a Soap Touch and Soap Essentials at 50 dollars off of the regular Kick starter price. Free USA Shipping. 2x Soap Touch Vacation Home Special: Get a Soap Touch for you home and vacation one for your vacation home. Free USA shipping. We just wanted to send out an update to say thank to you to all of our backers, and wanted to say how we greatly appreciate your support here on Kickstarter. We are only ten days into our campaign and have already hit our goal of 80,000 dollars, this is awesome. We thank you for your continued support and ask that you continue to share the Soap with anyone you can so we can hit these stretch goals. Thanks! We have decided to open up 20 slots to the sixty dollar price on the Soap Essentials, So if you want one you better get on this one! SOAP ESSENTIALS SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS SNEAK ATTACK: Be one of the 20 lucky people to get the Soap Essentials Device for 40 dollars off of the full Kickstarter pricing. This is the last time the 60 dollar price will be available. FREE USA SHIPPING! Stretch Goal Update 125K – Optical Audio Connector Included We will have an Optical Audio Connector added to our PCB. 150k – Soap with Linux is available At 150k we will offer the option of ordering a SD Card that will boot Soap into Linux and allow you to install Linux as dual boot or run straight from the SD card. The Soap with dual boot Linux is targeted at people who want the ability customize and hack their Soap device. 200K – Internal battery will be built into Soap. Soap will have an internal battery that will allow it to be powered anywhere. 275K – Bubbles will be available as an upgrade. Soap bubbles is the same concept as our Wi-Fi range extender but will do all the wireless connectivity from Wi-Fi, Zigbee, Z-Wave, BLE and Insteon. We plan to have soap bubbles at a 60-90 dollar price point but this is not set in stone. 400K – Soap with No Rope will be built in. Soap with No Rope is 1 to 1 connection. You will be given a small Ethernet/USB hardware piece that will plug into your WAN source (Modem or router) this will then transmit the signal at wireless gigabyte speed to Soap and would remove the need for the cord to get the internet flowing.‏ More Q &amp; A and Clarifications Clarity on Soap Bubbles On the project page it originally listed the Soap Touch model including the Soap Bubbles product, this was not correct, the Wi-Fi 802.11AC range extender is what is available as an add-on, not the Bubbles product. Though we have decided now to add a stretch goal for the Soap Bubbles product, this will allow all pledges to add Bubbles if we reach the 275k mark as an ad-on after the funding period has ended. Also the range extender will be an October ship date. The Soap Wi-Fi Extender The Soap Wi-Fi Extender is an 802.11 Ethernet/Wireless bridge access Point simply designed to give greater covered over your house. This will be around 65.00 dollars there are currently not to many WIFI 802.11AC and we will be pricing it to be competitive as we want to make the whole home network experience easy. (Will be shipping in October) Soap Essentials/Touch Super Early Adopters Both the Essentials and Touch Super Early adopters will be receiving Beta units in July. The Beta Soaps will have the same functionality and connections, but there will be bugs that need to be worked out. All the Super Early Adopters will have the chance to swap out their Soaps with the finalized model in the fall if needed. We are anticipating most issues will be easily fixed with software updates. Per the request of some of our backers we have added a developer pledge level. Developer Special : Early beta access to the Soap Touch Device, Access to SDK, 1x Zigbee Module Zigbee-Pro w/wired antenna, 1x Zigbee-Pro w/o wired antenna, 2x Z-Wave ZM3102 Module, 1x BLE dev hardware, 1x Bluegiga- Bluetooth 4.0(BLE) module‏, 20x Soap rewritable RFID tags‏. This is meant to give devs known working modules with our devices and full beta and SDK access‏ We have decided that all of our Kick Starter backers will get a 2-year warranty with their Soap device. The warranty will cover any manufacturer defects and will include all parts and labor. Unfortunately we can't cover drops or any sort of water damage :( With this we want to make sure that you are getting the best quality device possible and don't want to leave you hanging if something goes wrong. We just want to send out a message about another project we think you should check out. We are planning to build native support into Soap for PebbleBee. The PebbleBee has some great features! Communicates with Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy enabling a range of up to 150ft. Has the ability to operate in private mode for your privacy, to preserve battery life,and increase wireless performance. Is 5 mm thick and 40 mm diameter. Battery lasts up to 3 years – and can be replaced. Utilizes a 3-Axis gyroscope, 3-Axis Accelerometer and 3-Axis Compass. Includes a temperature sensor. Comes with a free API for developers to utilize all the PebbleBee functions and Sensor data for whatever you want! Check out their KickStarter @ <url>"Polar" Adam - You are correct. @Blayne Watt - That was a typo. It will in fact be 4.4. Thanks for pointing that out. @Chris Black - Yes. See our latest update for the full answer to your question. Guys, We are not charging backers for any apps we promised. I was talking about new apps that was not discussed. Now people that were not kickstarter backers may have to pay for the very same apps you will have for free for a lifetime. Hey guys, we will post a an update on Sunday evening. Just waiting for more info to actually give you. Alex We will have information of that sort in future updates. @Jonathan: Yes we are planning on it @R Travis Brown: We will post it when we finalize the casing design @Stuart Feltham: Yea we saw that disabled it for now, we are working on an updates site @Andrew: No we plan to use it If anyone has a question please email us. @Alex Bartiş: Don't worry we are here just busy we will do an update on Friday The link posted is for pre orders only we will send the backer kit invite to all the pledges later We are getting our backerkit stuff together <url>"capable". You have stated you were going to leave several times now....please follow through with your commitment. Johnathan we feel we have added quite a bit with our limited funds so we can't really offer anything in, the board as the order has been placed for the first round of our PCB. Andrew....you want the planned dimensions of the case or...? The battery is good for a lot of things. I personally like the power stability it can offer while living in potentially unstable areas. It also can make the Ropeless option really ropeless with no power cord or ethernet cord. At least for a few hours with no power cord. We finalized it after we decided on the Quantenna2300 chipset. Boone We will add some Mark that is too bad you feel its not possible I will leave you with one of my favorite quotes or two. It always seems impossible until its done. Nelson Mandela Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw Thanks Jeff Ryan -Linux will be part of it for those who want to use it. We have a debian version as of now. We sure will Steven and yes, more work begins but we are excited for an awesome and awesome project to become available. @Steve, yes that is correct. Thomas it is a misprint. You are getting a soap touch. Jonathan, Thank you for your support. Yes you can add things after via BackerKit. But in terms of price Mike you are correct, it is cheaper for Kickstarter people and it does extend a lot more of the connectivity beyond just Wifi. Soap with no rope is an add-on for Soap that doesnt require any setup beside a simple WPS sync. Its a small 802.11AC to ethernet bridge. The Essentials would do this but it would take more the a novice to configure it to do that but in theory it is an excellent option similar to using two routers linked. We hvae added the Soap with No Rope and the WiFi extender add-on for a more simple setup that has one hub source. We are offering Soap essentials add on price for this limited time only and when retail sets in people will be more likely to use the add-on rather then multi Soap setup. Also mark mixing feature names, it is not NinjaSpy but I think I like it. We may just have a new name for a later feature. John- yes, this is the plan. There are both options: Live Stream or Text watch. As the feature is designed around parental controls we have made two core ways available for monitoring. If you install the Soap Spy App Client it will run in the background of the phone, tablet or other device and allows one to engage a live stream of their device, keylogging, and a couple more things but physical device access is required to install the client. The Soap app is also available for multiple platforms and works via the network or web. The Text version allows for a monitor of web content and whatever is being transmitted via the internet which in our experience is most kids' actions are web based. On the Soap Admin side there is a monitoring of all devices on the LAN and it monitors and records what they are doing online. Who, what, where and when. This should not be mistaken for spy mode as most routers have a feature to view website usage and access. Yes our goal would be to have to most recent OS installed, you will also be able to update the device yourself just like an Android Phone or Tablet. We will be getting this. SoapOS is just our version of AndroidOS made to work on our device. @jan that will be a standard feature now Johnathan....The risk you are taking is the risk of KS but if I could empathetically transfer my Vulcan mind meld to you I would... Everyone is going to have the socks knocked with Soap and the coming couple months. We are going to do another update, but I am not certain there is any info that will sway you into the arms of the surety in the update. I do hope you stay as a tester backer and stick with us. Andrew...yes Yes, Andrew, just add it to your pledge and backerskits will do the check out. Jamie. Yes it is. David we are glad to have you back. Thank you for the support. Seyah- its a like a media bridge it really is a just a small 802.11AC ethernet to wireless bridge but its faster data rates then any average link. We will be doing a update about this stuff tomorrow but everyone should be aware we have added a a pledge level that is a special end of the campaign special. Two Soap Touch for a price that wont last much longer! There are small amount available so check it out. What do you guys think about us making a battery and The Soap with no Rope available in backerskit as add-ons? We have developed these things, but can't afford to make them a base feature, but would love to make them available to you as upgrades. Barry we will have both. <url>“Connect” it will initiate a pairing process similar to a blue tooth pairing procedure. Ping will try to talk to the device and tell it of its presence and block is pretty self-explanatory. Thanks David Guys we are going to be doing a update with all the new information about Soap and will post it tomorrow. I think Brandon said this already but im saying it again. :) We are super grateful for your support so far. -Alex Hector, there are several board demo videos(5-6) on the project page down by the prototype section they are all videos of our prototype. IF you are speaking about a final production ready for final manufacturing final prototype? We wont have our own custom PCB manufactured for a few weeks we will post plenty of updates of it then. until then our POC prototype is what we have on film and is all we can provide. We actually have invited people to come to our office in a couple weeks and check our the first run our doors our open to you. Thanks for the patience and support hector. @Seyha: That would be pretty sweet. @Jonathan Laporte: We are going to put a more detailed update out tomorrow. We can't announce the name of the big player yet but we hope to announce it in the next month. Great news. We have been in and out of meetings and calls all day and have and still have a few more to go but we recieve confirmation on some parts. We have lined up most of needed parts for our first wave production and are being shipped today. Wifi , CPU, ZWave, ZigBee, Ble and storage are set. Exciting. :) Deepak thanks for the support and we appreciate it so far we will glady sell it to you at a retail later. Take care and good luck. Deepak thanks for the support and we appreciate it so far we will glady sell it to you at a retail later. Take care and good luck. Hector there are several. John we had to code our own drivers to run on android for Zigbee and for Z-wave as they didn't not offer any base support for android so pairing was quite a initial challenge of coding. We have a video with the zigbee board we used through a usb interface. If you want to know how it will work in terms of end user I can explain the pairing process we have created I think you may find it interesting. To everyone else we have just finished a meeting with some suppliers and will be answering the questions again. David and X thank you so much for your support so far and we really really do appreciate you sticking with us. You have added valuable insight to the project. We understand your fear and you have got to do what you got to do. We welcome you to come down to our office in the coming weeks and check out when the first boards arrive. We want to say thank you and we do hope you stick around. @Brandon Hulette: Yes you can. @Daniel: We have a few things planned, we are meeting with Sage and finalizing paper work on our space we are leasing. We also will be making phone calls to a couple of suppliers. We have plans to do weekly updates. With the new 4x4 chipset we will have four. As for placement, we are still deciding as putting four antennas can be quite funny looking if done incorrectly. Yeah..if anyone remembers the bubbles discussions. Soap essentials is a very high powered bubbles device when working in tandem with any other soap device. Maybe we would design them to work as a cluster super computer too? John are you referring to something like this? "This inclusion process is repeated for each device in the system. The controller learns the signal strength between the devices during the inclusion process, thus the architecture expects the devices to be in their intended final location before they are added to the system. Typically, the controller has a small internal battery backup, allowing it to be unplugged temporarily and taken to the location of a new device for pairing. The controller is then returned to its normal location and reconnected." from wikipedia (yes I know this is not considered a real source) Soap will have a small internal battery for this sort of thing we don't want it forgetting everything with the simple loss of power. For our demo video we didn't use any Micasa in our demo. We used a Zwave light bulb and Soap with a Zwave developer chipset. All our talks about a battery are for a large size battery allowing total tablet like mobility and usage. Good morning! We will go through your questions as soon as we can. We have a meeting with Quantenna soon. Yes this is in a beta mode but would require a small piece of software on the device. We did achieve some success without but we are comfortable making this freely available for a number of security reasons. We originally designed Spy mode to give parents a tool to monitor what kind of things their kids are doing online and hope it stays that way. It is also can be viewed from the connected display to a Soap Essentials. It is easiest through the touch display for convenience. This is a very basic process and is similar to any common streamer technology. Adrian mark is not correct you can see the screen of the device. It can be viewed through the Soap touch display. Mark ill take a look at your newest questions in a bit. Thanks! I think kickstarter needs to do a hourly timer after three days! It makes it seem more exciting. -Alex Guys, we are entering our last 72 hours! We want to let everyone know about Soap! Thanks David. Thanks Asterix! We will keep that in mind and keep our support to a minimum. We hope all is well! Take care. Ladies and Gentleman, we want to thank all of you for your support and for sticking with us. We would love for everyone to go share the Soap link on facebook and other social media sites. Any steam we can generate in the last 3 days would be awesome. You never know what is possible. Remember sharing the Soap is sharing the love and vice versa! I think we "Team Soap" have a problem....We have backed 15 projects....12 of them recently... Ha ha....Got to love it. If you up your testing pledge and add the 60 for the Soap essentials combo it will come with the Soap touch and both are covered for defect. Your shipping address will be done through amazon go to check your shipping address there. Welcome to the team :) please ignore the post about the 80 dollar combo deal, it is 60. If you have already pledged for a Soap Touch you can add an Essentials for 60 @mike if you are adding a second Essentials device add 60. @David, Piranha was first recommended to us by Sage. The are experts in PCB design, Part sourcing and production and have people for testing and expedited certifications, we are getting everything together as we speak. They will be doing the manufacturing and assembly. We are also talking with them on the time frame and everything seems fine so far, but if anything changes we will keep everyone updated. We have a it at 80 for a combo deal on backerskit. We know we had cheaper ones at first, but those 60 and 70 are sold out. Flypaper- is a simple honeypot system we just rebranded it. Soap Spymode- This requires a two sided operation so you would have to install it on one the network device, you can view websites accessed and such but it's not a live stream more of a text update. 3. Soap astringent works with all web traffic it doesn't always get it all but you can specify if its missing some content and you want to stop it still. Yeah David. Give me a moment to get home and get you a more detailed answer. Yeah David. Give me a moment to get home and get you a more detailed answer. @Mansoor Seikh: Yes we are in talks with PiranhaEMS, though there are no official agreements as of yet, but we will be sure to keep everyone updated. @Mike: Yes just add it to your pledge Yes Nebbie of course. We will make sure everyone has the option if necessary. Mike- Yes you can do this. @Ken Yap: Yes we will Andrew, we will be looking into energy star, but have not made a final decision on this yet. Daniel- We have been finishing the layout with the new Chipset, We have a new location, we have finalized new software development team, we have been finalizing our supply chain and most recently we have been working with a epediter for regulatory approval and working with our injection molding company. Everyone be sure to check out the add-ons and upgrades for Soap! For anyone that thinks about it: Yes a Soap Touch + Soap Essentials would be cheaper than the Touch+ Extender. All of the additions will be working with Soap out of the box all the USB add-ons will have driver development done and most of all they will be awesome. Yeah Kickstarter green is one we are doing for sure. Guys check out <url>"concerned" supporter. The spamming emails, fake conversation creations and blatant smear campaign have got to stop. You have crossed the line. It's time for you to move on. We see you just created a new account and backed us 1 dollar and then posted this. You are claiming droidifi is using pastebin to make official updates? We would like to know who is it that you contacted at droidifi? Droidifi would never post something like that on that website. That pastebin is a fraudulent post. Once again, please stop posting none verifiable information that is really aimed at attacking Soap. Look at this one we just found <url>ş: The pcb and software should be ready for early testing mid to end of May. The initial run on our first batch of boards is about 4-6 weeks from now. @Alex Bartiş: Do you mean the final production prototype? Yes, we are going to be using Energy Efficient Ethernet. Andrew, Yes we are going to be adding the TPM Alex, Yeah we talked with our suppliers about the Unicorn Blood but it looks like a 3 year lead time and will add 1000 dollars to our BoM so it is most likely a no go. Alex, we understand the only things that are going to be added at this point are what we have discussed like the wave 2 chipset, camera & microphone, and optical audio. We do have stretch goals for some other things like an internal battery, but anything we would add at this point are things we have already talked about in house. Though we may want to add some unicorn blood to help make the Soap Touch a little faster. Alex, Are you asking us to list the base production information or you mean you just want Soap with no hard drive upgrade and such? I will tell you you are not the only one and we appreciate your support no matter what. Ian, yes you could bridge it from the modem to the Soap device, it just will have slightly more ability then we were going to put into SWNP since its a media bridge and extender. Yuz, we have a chance at getting there as you guys know KS campaigns are best in the last 5 days and first 5. We also may have some surprises for the battery. At least a add on you can add and plug in yourselves. Go share the project with everyone you know. We just had our best Sunday to date! I bet we are going to have a great week! We love the support so far guys! Nicholas, Yes, but it will require a 2.5 inch drive that operates on SATAII. Welcome to all our new backers! We are very excited to have you here. Please share Soap with your friends and family and to remember to Share the Soap is to share the Love. Quantenna2300 4x4. @Daniel: Yes we will update that tomorrow Andrew- After reading that link again, I think that we will need some sort of TPM that will allow a checkup of sorts at automatic intervals or as needed. I would love to do one that was NFC based: touch your phone to it and it runs a check based on a code given from your phone. Soap has storage ability, high speed networking and a 7 inch touch screen (depending on the touch or essentials). As of right now we have a basic app that will do network streaming Plex, media hub, DLNA and more. Anything you can stream from your current computer to other network devices, wireless displays or even a chrome cast. Soap can manage it without needing another computer. Our plan will involve an app built by us that will centralize media streaming and home media management, we also hope to get a lot of feedback and help from the developer community in the app development as Soap has the hardware and capable of a lot we all will be the ones deciding its software limitations. We altered it to be more clear. So it's a clarification of a clarification of a clarification. One day we will get it all in one try. Insteon is included. You can still communicate with Insteon with our device without the add on. This add-on just is able to to Insteon and X10 on a power line and RF. Andrew, will you post that link for the TPM and RoT stuff I want to go through it again, but my browser flushes itself and the history is gone. Thank you Luke! We are excited and appreciate the support. We are going to be going through a list of set applications that Soap will come installed and will have no bloatware as this is your home environment and privacy is paramount. It is no good how a 16 GB phone only has 5 GB of storage available after all is said and done. I think it's something that could be done with an app on Soap but send us a message about it as Jamie is correct. Andrew, yes, one could do this. So you mean a simple app that runs on android that allows people to create an ad based hotspot for the public? Then it tracks the amount of ads displayed and such? How about you do this and license it to for our base software package. I have had some time to read that link you posted. Geez, it was long! I'm going to write my thoughts on it soon and would like to hear your thoughts. We know the iMX6 has a couple limitations the design will need alterations and adjustments as any product being created we are grateful that we are not in final manufacturing and can still make the correct adjustments to Soap before final it was too late. As for your earlier question we plan on combating this challenge by using a PCIE bridge switch it allows for one PCIE to become more. We will be using something similar to if not this exact one <url>“The ExpressLane™ PEX 8604 device offers 4 PCI Express Gen 2 (5.0 GT/s) lanes, which supports up to four ports. The switch conforms to the PCI Express Base Specification, rev 2.0. The PEX8604 is the industry's smallest 4-lane Gen 2 device and it enables users with the ability to connect multiple PCI Express endpoints which are used in a variety of consumer and embedded applications including Multi-Function Printers, wireless ethernet modules, IO expansion modules, Express Card applications as well as other low power applications. The PEX 8604 boasts unsurpassed performance with its non-blocking architecture, capable of supporting both host-centric as well as true peer-to-peer traffic on its ports. The PEX 8604 supports x2 port width natively on the upstream port which allows it to interface directly and seamlessly to embedded processors commonly used in such applications. The PEX 8604 also features an on-chip Non-Transparent port for dual-host and failover applications, supports dual-clock domain operation by virtue of support for Spread Spectrum Clock (SSC) isolation as well as two Virtual Channels for enhanced QoS. The device is hardware configurable and/or software programmable, allowing users to tailor their port configurations and QoS operating characteristics to suit their application requirements. The PEX 8604 is offered in a 15 x 15mm 196-ball PBGA. This device is available in both leaded and lead-free packaging. This device supports Access Control Services (ACS).” We are aware of limitations and challenges, but we are a very creative and talented team that can work around, work through and make it happen and we would love to have you supporting us. Hello Andrew, Can you expand on that question? If you don't want to scroll through 1100 comments and can't find an answer on our project page. Please message us directly or post a comment here and we will answer you as soon as possible. Welcome to all the new backers! We are so excited to have you. would be interested** Luke, I have posted your question to our PCB specialist Harry Potter. Just kidding about the HP part. We will post the answer as soon as we receive it from our specialist. We will get your pledge up again and we value your expertise....maybe you would be into pledge for a developer package and a early turn around device. In real world testing we have tested the range in a couple environments and the range will cover a full 5000+ square ft 3 level house. We tested an iPad, Android tablet and Laptop and the results all seemed consistent. The radius for optimal signal averages about 54 m via Soap 2.4 and 51 M on the Soap5. Data rates stayed great until reach this point and it becomes intermittent rather than dropping to slower speeds. If you want the data sheet on the chipset I can make that available to you. We will have additional upgrades available and we will look into some of those. Plex android app will already run on the device. Roku will already work with it. Apple TV im not sure about. Ari, The Almond+ looks like a great product and we are excited for them to get to their launch date. I am going to try and answer this the best I can without seeming like I am bashing a competitor so please be aware I only mean to state what I know and I think it looks like it can be great. We would almost say that Soap and Almond are not really in the same classification as for the difference in technical specs, features and function. The only similarity is WiFi and a touchscreen (even these screens are different types). I am not certain on too much info on their device as they BOM is not available, but I can tell you about Soap. Here is a base overview of Soap: Soap: imx6Quad 4gb ddr3 ram 7inch capacitive touch display 802.11ac looking like we will be using a wave 2 wifi chipset Quantenna2300 Zigbee Zwave BLE(Bluetooth 4.0) 8-32gb SSD able to upgrade to a much bigger HD USB 3.0/2.0 SATAII Runs Android and we are building Soap Automation Apps for system management and much easier connectivity. You also can run linux we have our prototype booting Kali Linux. With Soap you can make a WiFI device talk to a BLE and then to a zwave device. Soap is the Rosetta stone of home networking and automation allowing communications on tons of protocols and will do the translating for you. It makes this messy home automation and networking world clean. Yes ,we are very aware of the insane price we are offering early backers, but be aware we will not be offering this price to anyone after Kickstarter. We have other outside KS funding and this has allowed a loss leader pricing on our earlier units to push popularity. We are aware of our quick and ambitious goals, but we would like you to know we are a fast and diligent a team that will work day and night to get it done. We have all the orders for 80% of the components on our BOM but are waiting for the end of our campaign for feedback from backers on the demand for certain chipsets (We are probably switching from an older WiFi chipset to a newer one because of backer requests) and any final PCB changes and request. We absolutely believe we will have early release devices by that date we have stated as it is under 500 units and is a small amount. They will be early release and will require updates and some TLC from you and us, but we hope to work with our early release backers to help finalize the product for our final launch date. We are aware all projects have delays and to not expect some delay wouldn't be wise, but I wouldn't see much further than 1 or 2 months and too much longer of a delay would put us out of the league in terms of technology as this world moves quickly. The reason we feel so confident in our product time line is we have a lot of great help outside of our core team. We have a great engineering firm working with us and also now are dealing with one of the largest WLAN manufacturers in the world and they have been helping to streamline the process. For manufacturing, testing and even expedited licensing we have experts that are helping to make this happen. We would love to have you back us and let other knows about Soap. Cheers. Hello Barry, No, I am sorry we are not using that extender you linked (although it is a great looking product). The extender we have offered is specific to Soap products and will come configured to work with your device. The Soap extender we have is 802.11AC not 802.11N and also acts as a wireless ethernet bridge so it does it faster and it does more. So it's a good option if 4 ethernet ports are not enough and/or you have a large house with thick walls. Also, it's only an option if you have pledged for a Soap device as its an add on upgrade to Soap touch or Soap Essentials and will not run stand alone. Andrew we will take a look here in a moment. With the hardware in soap we can do some very unique TPM systems. Andrew I would love to walk you through our planned process for this but this is still on the drawing board and would all be theory. We do plan on using a TPM of sorts but we just are not sure on the best way to implement this as it as we want the utmost security but we dont want to step over the line of annoyances. We want to try and allow people to enable a TPM or secure boot but also to be able to disable it this if it proves to be too annoying. We all know how annoying, challenging and sometimes impossible these systems can be, depending on the type of TPM. I would love to hear your input on some of your most favorable TPM or secure boot systems. These are the things where feedback is our best ally for creating the most secure and user friendly system. Andrew, Give us a moment we can give you a little walk through our process in a moment. Dinner Time. Daniel, what we mean is you will have both 2.0 and 3.0 on the device. Imx6 doesn't natively support usb3.0 so we had to create a converter to do this for us. For the end user you will not notice any difference this will all be happening inside. Yes Andrew, we will be able to do this. We appreciate the help and concern with the project. We would like to be clear we only asked for 80,000 because that is what is needed at this point, we do have other means of financing. The goal we stated was very planned out. If you are concerned about the newer WiFI chipset we have good news we have been talking with a Quantenna rep and are very strongly leaning towards their wave 2 chip set. We will formally announce something later this week. CPU-IMX6Q 64-Bit DDR3-1066 4GB WIFI-Quantenna QAC2300 Zigbee- XBee 802.15.4 OEM Z-Wave-ZM3102 RFID-DLP Design BLE- BLE112 Insteon- CPU insteon controller unit SATAII- Yes HDMI-Yes PCIE to USB3.0 - We have created a mPCIe to USB3.0 converter. USB 2.0-Yes USB OTG-Yes mPCIe- Yes Gigabyte ethernet 1to4 switch- Yes Boot from sd- Yes Capacitive touch-Yes SD Card Reader- Yes LAN- Yes We will post more details about our Tech Specs in few days as we can answer a lot of tech questions some have to be deferred to a higher level of expertise, We are meeting with Sage later this week. We want to make sure you guys have the most up to date info. Luke..No problem give us a little bit of time to put it all together for you. @David Ferrey: we will keep you guys updated Just so everyone knows that update was surprise to us as well (wish they would have updated us about this before the update), as they said we have had conversations with them about it and were under the impression that we were going to move forward with this. We will keep you guys updated if anything more comes out of this. Mike, thanks I will be getting on the phone to them asap and see what is up. I am wondering if their is a disconnect between team members over there. Kalus- We feel the Soap Touch is more functional and easier to setup/use then the Soap Essentials. The display allows for full control with no need for peripherals. It has more on board storage and we have some planned apps that will be meant to function on the touch. Yes you can hook up a display, mouse and keyboard and run it but it is really nice to not have to do that and have a clutter free hub. Hmm...that is also a good term for it....We will need to do some sort of survey in the end. Its is still called Soap but we can classify it as a Rablet or Rhablet... Like a Samsung GS4 is a Phone :) We have decided to coin the term Rablet this is Router+Tablet....We feel it gives a better instant impact definition of Soap. Cheers. John we are very excited to get people tinkering with the device as we believe some of the best ideas will come from the community and we are exited to see apps developed based on the home environment rather then an mobile phone. We will have the Insteon RF protocol communication built into Soap and as of now this is functioning on Soap. We have a available accessory that will allow the both types X10 and Insteon on AC power line as a add on by USB but we have no plans to build a Insteon AC power line communication protocol into the main board on Soap as it would cause more expense and even can be dangerous for Soap. Yes John, we will have a open boot loader. We are going to have an open API for people to help develop cooler features then we could do alone. We will plan on releasing it early too. Hopefully we can get a first version out within the next two months, Good morning and evening to others, we just letting you know we are here now and will be going through the questions we missed last night. Alex, you will receive one that is specific for the EU region. Kalus, We will have a few slight variations of hardware in the Soap versions throughout the world: US,EU,ASIA\AUS Within those three platforms there will be minor variations between the Z-wave and Insteon. Between those three platforms and using our software, Soap can be used throughout the world on the correct RF per country regulations. The chosen Zwave and Insteon have some play in them and thats why we have the software to really tune it in as we could never afford to make 200 different base platforms that use only hardware to dial it in. So in Germany. You will receive our EU version operating at 868 MHz for Zwave. The Insteon will operate at 869 MHz. You would be able to tweak Soap in Germany to work on another none EU country RF depending on which country. The hardware only has so much range this is why we had to have 3 different parts and couldn't just have one Zwave module controlled by software. So in short the hardware sets the limits and the software is there to specify exactness per user location. Will you be providing a detailed manual? Yes we plan to provide a detailed manual with each device. Will you have a full time staff available for answering questions? Will you have "Live" support in real time via chat or other means? We have plans to add full time staff via live chat, and phone support if needed. This will need to be addressed as we grow, but it is something that we have taken into consideration. What procedures will you have in place for identifying issues to determine potential larger design problems? We will be doing some small runs on our PCB for in house testing, on top of that we will sending some of our initial boards out to a company that specializes in different types of testing (thermal, IP, vibration, and shock). When we go to larger production there will be additional QC at the production facility. Have any of you provided direct consumer level technical support before to know what you are trying to undertake? Yes we have all worked in other businesses that provided a direct consumer level tech support. As the needs grows and it is hard to determine at this point we would need to bring in staff where customer support is more of their specialty. Soap can stream audio both ways in and out for audio devices. You could in theory design a app that allowed the mobile phone as mic/speaker extension of soap. As of now we can handle 7 Active slaves and 248 Sleepers. You can handle a constant stream with 7 devices but with the right management software(Soap Automation app) you can handle a lot of BLE devices. We are looking into a extension add on for people for BLE as if you want more devices this would require another BLE radio but you could do this with a USB BLE stick. going through the questions now. Will post shortly. David- we will have a multiport USB3.0 add on available. The SATAII would be much harder to do add. We will be offering 3GB/S HD add-ons for large, fast network storage. We are looking into the WiFi option we need to speak to our suppliers and will update you as soon as we know. We would like some feedback/suggestions on what add-ons you guys wish you could get with Soap? We have a lot of things we didn't build directly into Soap either to cost or just development time, but are things we can offer as add-ons. Not wifi chipsets and such, but for things like larger storage, USB x10 dongle, USB 433mhz dongle etc. We have our planned ones we will be adding to the project, but we want to make sure we are not missing something you guys all would hate to miss out on. Who else feels this way? Who would rather sack the audio for a second generation 802.11ac chipset? Kalus that is a very wise statement. Luke, we will gladly post the tech specs which ones would you like us to list? The Router can function as a media server, but we have not tested "5-7 HDD true USB 3 hub to function as a media server with steaming 1980 or 2560" this and it would be unfair for us to say yes until we tested it. Woot! just did comment 1,000....We are not a very talkative group are we :) Thanks to all the backers so far we are moving in the right direction..up! Lets get to that stretch goal! Thanks Seyha we agree. Duncan we have we answered all the questions in there that we can and if you feel we have not then we're sorry but that is the best we can do. We are sorry we haven't been able to accommodate your skepticism but to keep spamming that link is really a waste of every ones time and we are asking you to please stop. Guys really lets keep it clean there is no reason to attack each other. That serves no purpose except the people that don't want this project to succeed. Because it prevents good communication between the legitimate backers and us. We feel we have responded to everything if you feel that we have not then you are free to not pledge to us. Sorry to hear that Luke. There are going to pre-orders at some point. I know we have a lot of smart developers here so I am going to ask a question. Has anyone ever worked or been able to make a Insteon device talk to a x10 device? Thanks Anthony, we are glad that everyone is working hard to get the project moving forward. We are grateful for the respect from everyone and are so excited we can actually work to finish making Soap! Share the Soap! 80 dollar is the Soap Essentials not touch, just want to be clear. Added some more 80 dollar units. We apologize Mark, we had quite a bit of a requests to take care of for Kickstarter along with Brandon has an infant in the hospital with RSV. We really appreciate your support and sticking with us. We won't let this happen again. For Insteon we only plan to operate on an RF version. It will still be in our design, but it will have to be sent to Insteon for certification. Hector, it is the same guy. Hey Kevin we already have someone we are working with for the quick turn around manufacturing. We have made 10 of these units available for 500 dollars. We are on schedule for a 30 day time frame for the lead time with the parts and then the printing and assembly of our board. The longest lead time as of now is the WIFI chipset and this is where the PCB design will possibly be changed and also has the longest lead time on the parts order. It will have insteon. We have only been able to test this through Linux and have not had a chance to really get it tested on android for more than ability to see the drive. However, we do have support for the FS types on both OS, but we have not tested the BTRFS on Read/write ability and storage ability. Later today we will get a simple test going with both POC and see how well it likes a USB BTRFS at current development. We will also get a list of all the supported FS we have right now in the kernel and what we plan to have by launch. Do you have any other FS you would like us to go over? Mark, Alex will have to answer the insteon question, but as to the Droidifi question we have had multiple conversations with them and they explained to us what happened with their project and why it didn't get finished. We contacted them because a few backers had messaged us about it and after talking with them we felt they could help speed up the process of getting Soap into our backers hands. @Hector Silva: Alex should know if It is the same guy,I'll ask him and we are shooting for late July for the early units. Droidifi will actually have the ability to finish their project because from what we understand the development they need to complete, in terms of software is a byproduct of developing ours. I would like to clarify that partnership isn't the right way to define it. We are not selling or acquiring any corporate stock or ownership. We have hired them to help us finish specific drivers for SoapOS. They have some of this done already stuff that would take us more months then we would like. The SoapOS is a special version of android. Yes, we are planning a specific set of applications with all the needed development for drivers to run stable with all our added connectivity. not sure why, but I'm pretty sure they will at some point. Geez, almost to 1k comments. Daniel, we are going to provide the funding needed to finish the droidifi project. Also SoapOs is just our version of Android that will have our core apps pre-installed. David, that is a good idea. The 433mhz is also something we were interested but can't afford for the final design as it requires more development, approval and certification. As you can see with our proof of concept we have nothing for this and we can't even speculate on what kind of increased cost that it would cause. We are working with other developers and companies who are interested in developing hardware accessories and peripherals to help create and allow different connectivity for other types of home automation connections. We dont have anything for x10 in our final design as of now the only thing we were looking into it but the only one we felt we could possibly afford for the final design was a RF version but we havent tested any form of the x10. Welcome to all new backers! We are very excited to have you with us! We are here to answer questions. We are planning a on board storage for each that is either 8GB or 32GB depending on the device you choose. We originally had this planned for a SATA2 connection but do to the cost we had to change this. The good news is you now have a free SATA2 port for much more expansion. There is also a SD boot up where it will look for the SD for boot up sequence if its in SD slot meaning you can change the OS it loads into memory if you want. The earlier usb3.0 answer wasnt clear- Our sata2 to usb3.0 only works for storage and not for other USB devices. The mpcie to usb3.0 works for any kind of device. Thanks most likely will be after the campaign ends, I wish we could say more but we can't. We have been dealing with this issue and in testing speed we have used a mPCIE to USB3.0 and we have tested SATAII to USB3.0. As of now the final design we want to create is being decided, but we are working on the final solution for this as we speak. As you know the imx6 doesn't support a direct usb3.0 we have created these conversion methods that are highly comparable. We have no problems with this as of now... Look at the block diagram. We will split the speeds on the gigabyte ethernet port with a normal switch. <url>"ins" are covered and Soap is programmed well enough to be a moderate security auditor and defense probably good enough to trick most hackers into thinking they are dealing with a live human who is adjusting settings as needed. If you are a guy attempting to steal my info my device can trick you into giving your info up and give you false info in return(through Soap Flypaper) Its a new application for things and no, not everyone will need that level of security but to have it is really cool we can't wait to get devices out to you guys for testing and you can see what I mean. @Backers <url>ÜV, and JET. We may add more but those are the ones we are planning on at the moment. Yes we will be posting one this weekend How about implementing wireless sound data transfer? It would only require a microphone and a speaker <url>´s rec, the play between difference z-wave (door lock) and zigbee (phillips hue), that let me turn the light on when the door is open. Is the Wan for normal internet from the ISP router or does it have ADSL/VDSL? thanks keep up the good work ---We have a EU version with correct Power, Zwave and the This INSTEON product is compatible with other 869 MHz European products. Products built for use in France, Germany and the United Kingdom all use 869 MHz. Products built for the USA and Australia / New Zealand use different RF frequencies that are incompatible with European INSTEON products. MIMO-Yes for 802.11 did you mean a different radio? With the soap automation hub which is our standard software built into the Soap OS(droid) you are able to use soap to make a zigbee device speak with a z wave devices not in direct link but through soap. Imagine Soap as a great interpreter that speaks a lot of languages and gives a lot of commands. Is the Wan for normal internet from the ISP router or does it have ADSL/VDSL? You can connect ADSL/VDSL modems or any other modem even a mPCIe or USB 3.0 expansion modem. This is a way gives youa much cheaper MULTI WAN router but isnt quite as pretty. If I didn't understand correctly please let me know. Thanks, Alex Were you still going to possibly open up pins or a plug for Arduino or RasPi signals? -Yes we are going to do this. Comment Survey- Seeing as we can't create a survey yet would like to know. What is most routers or home automation hubs missing in terms of wireless or wired connectivity. x10, BLE or ....? Hey guys we posted a new informative video thats pretty cool! Check it out under the features. @Eric- This was a simple miscommunication between us(the Soap team) I thought he was one of us being as he was so helpful and seeing his initial name was "Soap Team" but seemed to be later changed to "Andrew" and I did not verify with Brandon, Dave or any Sage engineers before posting and referencing the guy as One of Us. It was my mistake(and obviously a big one) and we will make sure this never happens again and we are clear that only messages from this creator account actually is us and never from anyone else whether claiming to be soap team, Andrew or not. We understand the concern and appreciate your support and understanding. Thank you. Hey Guys Lets Share The Soap! Dont let your friends and family be left dirty, share with them. Please share Soap with your friends nd family through any means it helps get some sweet strech goals. Facebook, Twitter, instagram, Email, Forums, World of Warcraft, Tech new sites, snail mail, pigeons or even smoke signals! Lets crush it. We have a lot of you awesome backers and would always love more. Share the love spread the word and save the world. I changed my mind I will do individual answers to questions it makes it look I am doing more work faster :) @Kevin Can we get a clarified and detailed listing of exactly what physical connection ports there will be on SOAP. I've seen now postings with the two USB, five LAN connectors (1-wan, 4-lan), HDMI, etc - however, I'm not completely sure what else there is because I had assumed that with the use of the Wanboard that there would be the optical audio port, but you mentioned it's been removed. For clarity I'd have you include in one posting specifically everything if it's designed to be attached to on SOAP including the WIFI antenna (maybe even it's connector type and dB rating) and even the power plug (maybe even with it's projected power rating). Most of us here I'm sure imagine every plug and how we'll put it to use when we get it. External Connections on SOAP as of 2/14 USB 3.0 x 2 HDMI x 1 Rj45 x 5 (1 WAN and 4 LAN (Adjustable)) Audio Stereo 3.5 MM can be used for IR receiver/blaster or stereo audio 2x SD Card Expansion 1 can be used for boot Antenna(remember this may change and may have additional)- Frequency GHz: 2.4 GHz. / 5GHz DB gain: 5 dBi Power output: 2 W Polarization: Vertical VSWR: <= 2.0 3dB Beam Width: E-plan 25° H-plan 360° Dimension Phi x L: 12.9 x 165 mm Connector: RSMA Temperature: -20 to+80°C Humidity: 40%~60% RH This has a Long extender with it too Under The Hood(Not on back but inside device physical connections) 2 mPCIe expansion slot Unused 1 SATA II connectors JTAG and GPIO Available but Removed as of now eSata Optical Audio Serial Camera(Early design from wand board design look at wand board and see camera connection) -Alex For you next questions Kevin, I am going to do one large comment and also add a lot to the FAQ. @ KevinFor x10, as far as additional price, if it was anything more than around $10 more for the native ability within SOAP then no because I can find x10 USB dongles for that. Personally my whole reason for wanting SOAP is to get a unified solution to things and start having my Zigbee, z-wave, and x10 devices I have now play better together and have a more unified network hub for things I'm already planning. Currently I have a HTPC setup with a X10 USB transmitter (among many other devices that have unfortunately ended up on that system just because it's on most of the time and is centrally located). We were considered both at first but have narrowed it down to wireless for native and to offer a accessory that would have power line. We also want to have one Synchronized and Unified interface hub. @Automate- For X-10 are you thinking power line, wireless or both? An option for X-10 would be good. We were thinking both but have reconsidered this and decided wireless would be best and the most safe for the device. We are however looking at creating a accessory for both that could be bought in a addition to the device. Hey Guys I am working on questions update now. @Kevin for @Soap - I'm still in favor of native x10 support within Soap as well if you're still finalizing which technologies might be of value to put in. There are so many devices out there that are x10 compliant that are very inexpensive and great for home automation and security. We are very strongly considering this and really do fill it would make us more unique and help make our device more attractive to potential customers. We are just making sure we can fit this into the device at the cost we qouted. Do you feel backers would be willing to pay a little more for this added feature. What do you guys think? @ Kevin Scott- Will there be native IR functionality already built into Soap? If not, this would fantastic if it could and such a convenience for home automation with the potential to trigger Z-Wave or other things right from my TV remote without having to dangle a IR USB device off the side. You've mentioned before Soap being able to be used as a Media device, this would come in very handy for that as well. This is a valid point the IR would be awesoem for this as is my Samsung GS4 for the tv and such. We have th ability to hook in IR through USB or our mPCIE expansion ports. We are looking into creating usb or mpcie expansion port for IR receiver and blaster because this is a great idea. BJ, first we have addressed the issues with funding several times. Thanks for the concern, but we have already done our own cost analysts and this is what we need to make Soap. If you feel our price is too low feel free to pledge more : ) Alex, we are starting some outside marketing that hopefully start to kick in today, and the idea is a great idea on the android forums. You are welcome to share our link as well : ) Will put videos up this weekend Kevin Scott, We do plan on doing an update tonight clarifying all the mistakes, also we will be explaining the stretch goals in more detail, and adding a developer pledge level. We will be trying to get to every question as quickly as we can, and to answer all the question that have been asked. Andrew, the firmware will be open source. Daniel, we have addressed financials and we have access to funding outside of KickStarter if and when we need it. Alan Quah, you will get to choose the frequency you need. Paul, thanks for the comment. Please everyone no bashing of others hard work. Lets keep it technical. The soap bubbles in the main ad was a type error. In the ad we meant a soap wifi extender. The real soap bubbles the one we spoke about in a our update will be available for developer package we will soon announce. We are very sorry for any confusion we caused. patience** Hey Kevin, the questions you poised will be posted within the hour with answers. Sorry for the delay and we appreciate your patence. We have 4 LAN ports and 1 WAN port as of now. So it would be 5. Sorry if one of us acted offended and sorry if one of us came off offensive. We have had a lot money backed from family and friend investors which has allowed us to get further a long then most in a garage or basement in our case. We have a lot of blood sweat a tears in the project and its hard to accept feedback especially that which is different then what you want to hear and feel. We are going to be posting the image and video update we are meeting all together us three and our engineering firm we hired to go over all of the complaints and to brain storm the best way to present answers to all the concerns without giving away techniques that would allow for open season of theft off our project. Its a hard one to figure out and we are asking for any suggestions on this. What would satisfy your concerns and wouldn't cause our full design to be placed online for sale to t the highest bidder...because soap is special and has things that will be sought after by other businesses and already has. Our ideas so far is to show more of the working prototype with as much of the board as possible through images/videos. -Alex Welcome to all the new backers and we appreciate you support so far.. Jason we really are not sure and really are frustrated because he is no longer backing our project at all and we can not even message him to find out. Asterix and others we are quite wary of this too as it is causing extreme frustration for us as it can cause derailment for the project that is real and good. We are still working on a full update with images/video for you as we need all our people together to do this so be patient and if at the end of the video and corresponding update you dont want to be a part of a project you can feel free to jumpship and to buy the product after final production later this year. We are a start up and are currently looking at offices to rent? Is that ok? Do you want our home address? We are in no way at all related or connected to Andrew Stevenson. Also what is wrong agreeing to look at extending technologies? We are not saying everything would be added but some of the comments have been stuff we have already looked at. Ram is not a big issue the device is using laptop ram and our idea from the start with this project was to make it as modular as possible. We didn't want to make a device that when one thing breaks everything is toast. Asterix, we are answering all the questions first. We will then get to the video and some other things we are going to add to the project. We need time because some things do take time and we want to do them right so we don't have more questions and have to repeat this all over again. They are coming later today, ran out of time last night. The video will most likely be posted this weekend. Seyha, that is a great idea, we will make this option available as an upgrade after funding is finalized. Edna T. yes after the project ends you will be able to select what power adapter you need. Medatom, can you point me to a link where they posted all of this information prior to being funded via KickStarter? Just to be clear they both should be October, it was updated and got a pledge before I could fix the error. @filippo, as you probably saw we are going to address all the questions that we possibly can. Did you happen to watch video on the story of the project? I believe it does explain why we started Arduino, the original scope of the project was more of a parental control filtering device, but saw a need and want for something bigger. @All we are doing a large project update to address all the quesions posted by a couple of backers so far like licensing, manufacturing, more prototype information like chipsets useds.. We will explain the final development and how we will be doing this so we can make it clear with all the required information. We are working on the update now and will have it for you within the next day either tonight or tomorrow morning. Thank you so much for the support so far and keep up the support. to* We will be posting a full update for everyone too see. We need you guys suggestions, we want to know what peripherals everyone would want with Soap. We wish everything could be put everything into Soap,but we don't want to make something as large as a fridge! Asterix, we will be doing this over today and tomorrow will have a update that gives some nitty gritty details tonight or tomorrow that address your concerns. We really want you to have a soap device also so stay with us. As you can see we spend a lot of time trying to keep you guys as informed and happy and we will continue this. The 3d Printed design is just a shell for our prototype. It is to show what the device would look like instead of just a board with a screen attached. We are working on a new video and will update as soon as we can. We are going to be posting a new stretch goal soon involving linux Hey Umar let me be clear. I actually need to wipe that one from the record and clarify. The soap device has remote drive access like many routers out now but as for web hosting and such we have drawing board but not here yet. JW, just like you can turn WiFi off on your phone or tablet you will have on/off button for other connectivity on soap. Filippo, we understand your concern and will updating the development process to give you a better image of our prototype and where it stands. A lot of the information you have asked for can be very dangerous to publish online as it could be stolen and manufactured by others so we have to walk a fine line of what is too much and what is not enough. For future reference If you would directly message us with any questions like this and we can have one of our engineers message you directly and get you more of what you ask for that would be most beneficial to the project. Thanks and we wait for your message and will be updating soon. Also we will be announcing some new stretch goals, so keep an eye out for an update later today. Good morning KickStarter! We are getting so close to our goal, and we really are grateful for all the help, support, and great suggestions. Lets see how fast we can break 80K!!! Filippo, we will address your concerns shortly. Thank you ever one for your support so far. Another Day on KickStarter has arrived! Hey guys another thing...check out our website <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's terms of use: HTTPS://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012 "Project creators are forfille all rewards of their succesfull fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fullfill" I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's terms of use: HTTPS://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012 "Project creators are forfille all rewards of their succesfull fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fullfill" I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Will this posting make any difference, after all this was started pre October 18 2014 As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To make things right, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers." The department of justice seems to be coming after Crowdfunding Scammers finally, <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. does anyone know why this is still up here in the site? is it still considered an open campaign? and just curious for those that may know more. any campaign on here kick starter has no liability? So, am I getting a router or not? I haven't had internet at home for 4.5 years now and am considering just buying a different router. Can we get an update? Does anyone want to take on finding a group of attorneys who do class action lawsuits? I think we would have a really good chance of winning when these idiots go out and post they are buying new cars and building a house. The monies raised here are for the development of a product so I think we would have a really good chance. I'm just swamped with work. My brother is an attorney so I will talk to him to see if he knows of a class action law firm but I won't be able to take on getting all the information they need. @Kalus I'd consider a project legitimately failing to just be an investment risk... but when they embezzle the money and buy new cars with it that's entirely different. Don't lump them all together. What a fucking bust. Thank God I wasn't treating KS like a store. If anyone still checks on this site please file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commision. They are starting to go after fraudulent Kickstarters. I have already filed the complaint but we need more. Go here <url>#crnt I don't support any consumer-like tech-products on Kickstarter anymore. In many cases they are finally failed or are scam. My wasteland: Tiko printer, Soap router, Cmoar headset, Soundband earphones, Plugaway remoteswitch... What a waste! Been running another second fraud campaign on Indiegogo: <url>#/ Report to KS & Indiegogo to ban them would be a step-1. we all need to stop support kickstarter so when the support getting lower so they will make there website better. kickstarter they just want our money too lol that's nice and all, but how could you ever do you first project that way? kickstarter is and always will be a gamble. would be nice to be able to address abuse of funds though The story was that the guy was a thief. He took the money and bought cars and purchased items for himself. Seems that he never intended to fulfill his promises. He took the money and ran. Kickstarter needs to vet these thieves prior to giving them the funds, making sure that they are reputable. the money and the company is gone, who do you think is going to give you a refund? Has anybody heard anything about the people responsible for this Kickstarter responsible for fraud. So when will we see a refund? Here's my request for a refund. Thank you. Formally posting a request for a refund. I also sent a direct message with this request. I am requesting this refund due to a total lack of communication or fulfillment of my reward. Complaint filed, thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Fraud Sorry. Old article. My bad. So... They started ANOTHER Indiegogo campaign. They claim the will be shipping out product to previous backers by the end of march. <url>"Kickstarter, the popular online crowdfunding platform, has just banned a project for its failure to provide evidence of a working prototype. The project was for a laser-powered razor called Skarp which has raised over $4 million in crowdfunding since it was first announced. Kickstarter shared with Business Insider that the campaign was "in violation of our rule requiring working prototypes of physical products that are offered as rewards." According to KickStarter, the ban cannot be undone. Skarp was able to prove that a prototype was in existence, but it was not effective enough to be considered a "working prototype" since the device has difficulty cutting through even just a few strands of hair, which is shown in their video." <url>"Laser" Razor. Unrealistic technology, no working prototype, but 2.5 million raised. Beware. <url>"If you accept money from consumers, and don’t follow through on your obligations, my office will hold you accountable." - Washington's attorney general Bob Ferguson. <url>"If you accept money from consumers, and don’t follow through on your obligations, my office will hold you accountable." - Washington's attorney general Bob Ferguson. <url>#cold #heat #thief #stole #our #hard #earn #money <url>#crnt&panel1-1 The FTC is getting involved with another kickstarter that didn't deliver it's goods. <url>"people who want their money back" does not make any sense. There are more than 600 funders scammed. Of course everyone wants his money back. Soap does not give us our money back (it's all gone) and neither does Kickstater give us a refund. How Kickstarter is letting them get away with this is ridiculous! *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan 31. Kafui Amedzekor 32. Gabriel Lam 33. Vince tran 34. Suji Goudar 35. DJA 36. Todd Sims 37. Ronald Sample 38. Paddy McGuire 39. Tomas Maske 40. Harry Akiereisen 41. Brian Sorli 42. Engels Wilson 43. Timothy Sturtz 44. David Mantelli 45. Denis Kiselev 46. James Trammell 47. Arvind Raghavan 48. Scot Busby 49. Osman EL-BABA (this account) 50. Osman EL-BABA(2nd account) 51. redsea 52. Jan Oltmanns 53. Adam Lee 54. Cyril Chan 55. Joel Stephens 56. Arie Vayner 57. Felipe Ayres 58. Wade Kempf 59. Smikk02 60. Alex Enshin 61. Don Williams 62. Peter Mertins 63. Joenathan Edwards 64. Reinhardt amon 65. Steven Draper 66.Shishir Ranjan 67. Ethan Celletti 68. Helge Jordal 69. John Schuman 70. Gunnar Hollander 71. Efrem Martins 72. John 73. Daniel Villar 74. Jamie Adamson 75. Chavarin Sat 76. Tarik Faik 77. Uren 78. David Taylor 79. Brenda Cormode I wanted to thank Dan Tynan Tech Columnist at Yahoo! Tech for linking to our petition and writing about the Soap Router. <url>"lifetime" license for the app i didn't pay $95 for an app, nor did others pay hundreds of $ for an app kickstarter and IGG don't care because they didn't run the projects so they can deny all responsibility and because they don't care companies like Soap ruin the crowdfundig experience for a lot of people, there will always be enough people who don't know the risks involved with crowdfunding so they'll always be able to attract new bait Updated site <url>"this campaign has been shut down", that's nothing new.... A petition has been setup on Change.org to File consumer-protection complaint against Soap Inc located Monument, CO for fraud How Kickstarter is letting them get away with this is ridiculous! *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan 31. Kafui Amedzekor 32. Gabriel Lam 33. Vince tran 34. Suji Goudar *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan 31. Kafui Amedzekor 32. Gabriel Lam 33. Vince tran *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan 31. Kafui Amedzekor 32. Gabriel Lam *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan 31. Kafui Amedzekor *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V 30. Umar Khan Looks like someone over at Indiegogo actually made some progress (if you can call it that). IGG at least now admits to SOAP breaking their compliance....so at least it's a start somewhere for those who put money in there as well. Most of my money is still here, but at least it's something... via Alain von Bueren Hi Alain, Thanks for your inquiry. Our Trust & Safety team regularly conducts verifications and determined this campaign did not meet our trust and safety standards. As a result this campaign has been shut down. Regards, Derek Trust and Safety Indiegogo so i asked what they gonna do against Soap Inc. Waiting for an answer, but i guess i know it already *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich 29. Matthew V *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott 28. David Hesprich Wow. Yea, I'd never run their software either at this point. *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi 27. Kevin Scott *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng 26. Adrian Lazuardi *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li 25. Zhang Chu Cheng *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie 24. Hai Qi Li *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza 23. Huang Zhijie Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern 22. Davide Lanza Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond 21. Brian Hilbern @Seyha neither will, the #kickstarterfail tag has been used quite a lot on twitter, no result they simply deny any responsibility and send you scripted emails this list of names serves as a "living evidence of fail"? to who exactly? Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush 20. Aaron Bond Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger 19. Ryan Brush Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen 18. Ian Nofziger we all let tweet and fb #indiegogo #kickstarter @indiegogo @kickstarter are useless support and let creator take money and run aways. Stop support both kickstater and indiegogo. Will see if both site take any action. Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah 17. Fredrik Olsen Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell 16. Isaac Quah Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu 15. Luke P. Dunwell Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette 14. Jason Chiu Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe 13. Brandon Hulette Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson 12. Darren Wiebe Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha 11. Brian Robinson Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt 10. Seyha Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino 9. Blayne Watt Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong 8. Francis Scardino Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu 7. Rob Armstrong Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp 6. Yang Liu Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy 5. Rich Kramp Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum 4. Edward Moy Consolidated List of People Wanting a Soap Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Soap Inc., Alex and Brandon Jones. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. Kalus 2. Tyler Clark 3. Steve Blum I wanted innovative hardware, not overpriced software. I believe I have a very reasonable ask on behalf of your backers... Please show us how (i.e., business account balances, invoices/receipts, hardware orders, etc.) you went from update #55 on Jan 19th that, "...those of you who have pledged for hardware, you will still receive hardware," to the position where you sent the communication David Mantelli copied into his March 16th comment. Honestly, I don't think it's unreasonable to request that you make all your financials available, but I'd settle for an honest and thorough explanation of the last couple months. well, i don't see a lot of people posting anymore, people have given up i think you could scroll through the list of comments and collect all the names of people who posted they want a refund.... @Chris Black, Jarl Wijman: I already had signed the petition. I know the consolidated list for requesting refunds would not be successfull by itself, but i started it as a living evidence of fail: Be carefull with crowdfounding. A backer owns the whole risk, because finally a promised reward AND the pledge could be lost and there is (currently) no insurance. They know very well you and everyone else want a refund, they just aren't going to give you one. If you've read any of the comments here or on IG there are people sending multiple emails every days. They don't care. Instead of making a list that SOAP will never do anything about, sign the petition that at least has a slim chance of mattering. <url>" Thank you for your support of Soap and your patience with the development of this innovative technology. Sincerely, The Soap Team We need to find some one who is savy with social media to start a public shame campaign to force kickstarter and indigogo into doing something to rectify this situation and to discourage future con artists from using social media to scam people. I feel that if a project is unsuccessful the creators should have to sit down with kickstarter/indiegogo and justify where the money went and why they failed to succeed. I understood the risks when I pledged, but I must admit I was under the foolish impression that kickstarter/indiegogo actually cared about crowd funding and not solely in taking a commission. In fact I don't believe a commission should be given in this instance since there was no goods or service provided, I personally don't feel I should have to pay kickstarter/indiegogo a service fee (a percentage of pledge amount) fot the privilege of being conned through there website. The fees charged by kickstarter/indiegogo should be refunded if they are unwilly to give a (insert a word/words you feel would be appropriate here) about there users, and do something to rectify and prevent this from happening again. Just checked back and saw the petition. <url>"At this time, the campaign, ‘Control your home network devices from your phone’, is under review to ensure that it adheres to our Terms of Use (<url>’s Trust & Safety effort, please visit: www.indiegogo.com/trust" "To protect our users' privacy, we're unable to share the action we take"? so we will never know IF they did anything, or WHAT they did the 400.000 is gone, plain and simple Just signed. Also saw this reply when emailing them this morning. Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: <email> Technical details of permanent failure: Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the server for the recipient domain imsoap.com by aspmx.l.google.com. [2607:f8b0:4001:c02::1a]. The error that the other server returned was: 550-5.1.1 The email account that you tried to reach does not exist. Please try 550-5.1.1 double-checking the recipient's email address for typos or 550-5.1.1 unnecessary spaces. Learn more at 550 5.1.1 <url>"who cares, as long as we get our cut" Just signed the petition Hopefully charges will be pressed and discourage future scam artists from exploiting crowd funding, I don't really care about the money (it sucks) but the lack of any sort of involvement from kickstarter or ingiegogo is disheartening, it really seems like they only care about their commission. Instances like this are a real shame since crowd funding is such a wonderful concept and could have a very positive effect on humanity as whole. Shame on Soap, shame on Kickstarter, and shame on Indiegogo I have signed this petition and I urge others bakers to do the same: <url>"let's make a router, with all these cool add-ons. oh wait, that's too hard, let's not, just give them a cheap router and an app. and let's ask for more money, 400K wasn't nearly enough. wait, what? every wants a refund?? negativity i say! let's not tell them anything anymore!" negativity, lol From the IG campaign: After driving 5+ hours out of my way on my work trip from New Mexico to Indiana I went into the Soap office. They are there. Seems there is a difference of opinion amongst the Soap personnel on how to handle refunds and updates. They supposedly quit giving us updates because of the “negativity and death threats” in response to the crap they were feeding us. Needless to say I was not nice. Sorry I can’t help everyone. I got my refund right then. Good luck! Hopefully my showing up there helps. posted on the Soap App campaign as well signed Posted this over at Indiegogo because non-US buyers wanted a way to file a complaint, because they are unable to go through BBB or the Colorado State Attorney. Everybody should sign this and leave a comment. <url>#Acco What is a creator obligated to do once their project is funded? When a project is successfully funded, the creator is responsible for completing the project and fulfilling each reward. Their fundamental obligation to backers is to finish all the work that was promised. Once a creator has done so, they've fulfilled their obligation to their backers. At the same time, backers must understand that Kickstarter is not a store. When you back a project, you're helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There's a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is absolutely unable to complete the project and fulfill rewards, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to a satisfying conclusion for their backers. I was surprised to see 0 complaints for Soap, Inc. on the BBB website. I will be submitting mine soon. I like how they are categorized under cleaning supplies. <url>"i want a refund" <url>"off-the-shelf" routers they promised they're not even at $1600 now can you do the math? no refunds, no routers, no app @Per Laursen - They did start an indiegogo campaign for the app a couple weeks back. Other then their own (I suspect) contributions, it's gone down in flames. <url>#home I'd like a refund as well. If you ain't going to deliver any new hardware setting you apart from what available off the shelf, just refund us and start a new campaign for the software. That way you can also gauge the interest for that! Cant we sue the piss out of these dicks ? don't we all I would like a refund as well. Please provide a refund of my 150$ since this is not the product I backed. Please provide a refund as the product described, in no way resembles what we backed. Lesson learned you really think they have any money left? according to an interview Julie Jacobson had with Chris Lundwall, they hoped to raise 500.000$ with their third campaign something that will never happen it seems, the only real pledges made are by 10 people who pledged 1$ so they could post comments to warn others (i'm one of them) check: <url>"updates" are a joke at this point. They add nothing to the issue at hand. Keeping your promise!!! They continue to ignore their backers. Both Kickstarter and IGG will be paying a price for this as they have done nothing to uphold their terms of use. This whole campaign has been one of lies, deception and complete fallacy. I for one will not be supporting crowd funding ever again. I understand the risks, but this goes well beyond what should be considered "risk"!! This is straight up and down FRAUD!! At the beginning when they needed our money, no problem with communication, but once the money was handed over, communication became an afterthought (at best). JUST REFUND ME AND THOSE WHO HAVE REQUESTED FOR LENGTHY PERIODS OF TIME!!! What The Hell? What really sort of makes me wonder - there's like 2500 pissed off backers, of which many will live in the usa. And nobody went to visit them yet? If I replace 4 letters of "SOAP", i can get "FAIL"! Isn't that amazing??? LOOKS LIKE A KICKSTARTER SCAM, MAKE SURE TO INDICATE THIS ABOUT THE SOFTWARE (VAPORWARE). ALSO Guys, the sob-story press release was a nice try, but I still want my refund, and I think you're pretty far beyond anything like that distracting most of your disgruntled want-to-be-former backers. What about z-wave!? It would support it you said. but on homepage in the mail update to day, it does not support it Jonny how did you get a refund? Still waiting for a response from my messages... Is this a joke: <url>"team determined that it didn’t make sense to have a touchscreen on a router." Wtf?! I guess it's nice to have my robbery sponsored by a crowd funding site. quit asking for refunds, it has NO use: <url>"exceeded" their goal. I would bet some or all the funders are Soap people. I've reported the campaign to indiegogo and am looking into if they have any relationship with Smartthings as they are reselling their hub goal 1000$ eh, what?? These clowns have started a 2nd Indigogo campaign. Search for Soap. I can't stomach giving them even $1 so I can comment about their possible fraudulent activities. I sent you a message for refund. Hope you got it and will process it ? The first project I reported to kickstarter. It is against the rules to resale off the shelf products (without the promised features) instead of providing the self produced (with the features promised). I request a clear statement (process and schedule) from the creator about refunds he promised by text and video within the next 2 weeks. Full refund please. Demand letter per Chapter 93A of consumer protection act pertaining to unfair and deceptive business practices sent to business address of record. Keep your 90% hardware and send me a refund instead, please. Requested full refund KS will do nothing and IMNSHO, there is a 0% chance we will get a refund OR what we paid for WHO, in their right mind, goes to CES with STICKERS and SOAP-ON-A-ROPE???? Is there anyone out there not believing this is a hoax? I like my money back and i hope that the KS team will evaluate this case to make sure that supporters are not left out there in the rain in the future. I ask again for a complete refund of all funds from KS, IGG and Backerkit! refund please... I would like the request a refund. Thank you PLEASE just tell us what will be delivered to original (and 3nd wave) backers. If you can't simply list the deliverables, why should anyone stay involved? Provide a way to receive refunds in a clear, uncomplicated way. message sent requesting refund. please acknowledge and how you will proceed Hi, I'd believe in our project. After your updates I'd lost my trust in YOUR labor. The project is modified and I'd non need it. I ask for a total refund for my KK and IG found. Please! I also wish to reiterate - Refund Please !!! Yes refund please, of all my funds. What a joke. REFUND PLEASE!!!!!!! This is a little frustrating. Despite several updates, it is still not clear exactly what the hardware that backers are suppose to receive will look like or feature. How about a simple table comparing this piece of hardware to 2 or 3 of the highest-ranked routers (sub $200 or so) in the market today? Or at least to other routers that are the most similar in performance and features so we can get a better idea of what is suppose to be forthcoming. Vaporware. OK, to be honest I am completely lost in what it is, or is not at the moment and what am I getting. I've got some money in this via both kickstarter and backerkit. Haven't seen any product for almost a year. Even though it was promised to be shipping way earlier. What should we expect from you and when? If I'm not getting anything close to the promised product, please consider this a request for refund of both amounts. Thank you. the app will be available in march, what about the hardware? Same here, I'd like a refund as well. As others before me have pointed out as well I feel like the product has changed to an extend that I no longer know what it is and that it's not going to fulfill its promises and my needs. Please refund to us... I am frustrated... I have sent various emails about a refund and surprise, surprise.....nothing!!! The noise is deafening!! I would like a refund and some communication as to when it will be forthcoming. I am completely shocked/dismayed as to how this whole project has been handled. To top it all off, they must be living on another planet to think that another crowdfunding round would even have any chance at this point. I would like a refund please. So, I have been pretty quiet about this, preferring to give the benefit of the doubt to this project. I want to believe they are just a little over the heads with all of this... But, like some other backers posting here, I just read the latest update, and I really don't know what I am getting for my investment at this point...are we getting hardware (albeit someone else's design) or are we getting some app to load up on our phones in March? I'd really like to know... So Mr Soap...Please give details on how you intend to issue refunds to your backers...both here and on IGG. You have had many iterations of your devices 8.4 etc etc so what exactly are you offering ?? and when will you be contacting those who requested refunds?? some information is required no response, what a surprise reported them to KS, not expecting ANY result. yet another failed crowdfunding disaster The imsoap.com domain has expired as of today...... I sent them a refund request email and received no response to date. The lack of USB 3.0 AND HDMI is a complete deal breaker for me! I am again requesting a full refund forom both IGG and KS. Sorry, previous link was the wrong one. This is the article about their booth at CES. <url>"Fred Martinez" on the Indiegogo campaign that claim to be working refund requests, but I don't believe anyone has reported getting a refund, let alone confirmation of request receipt. I'm not seeing even a good-faith effort, here. If this isn't fraud, it's really doing its best to appear like it. Something needs to be done, Crowdfunding needs to be reformed indeed, perhaps it should be a little more like when you are awarded a contract for a tender/bid/etc and the money is released in set phases that are necessary for the completion of the project. There should at least be some basic plan that is presented to the potential backers at the beginning for us to evaluate. In the case of Soap, I was always a bit weary about this campaign because it was long on promises and short on explanation... and I was like Fox Mulder "I want to believe", but I couldn't and then dropped my pledge down to a $1 in the end because things just didn't sit right. Was it the lack of concrete answers and explanations? Was it the constant feature creep and additional features in every update? Was it the push to keep on adding on add-ons? Was it the relatively low goal amount for a project of this complexity? Probably all of the above for me. i wonder if the business model of crownfunding should change or die ? no responsibilities ? what kind of business it is ? a business without risks ! asasshole brothers ! @JW well... the question is whether there really is a thing you can get your hands on. Can anyone who is very familiar with current specs of the best ASUS / Cisco-Linksys / etc. routers marketed for home use tell me how the soap specs (quad version) line up? My current router is around 5 years old and I would like to update, my thought being this one would do the trick. But I haven't looked too closely of routers now on the market so I don't really know how this one stacks up. Regardless of the features that will no longer be present in the soap router that were initially expected (which would have been nice to have, but for my purposes not essential), would I expect it still to be a decent router, coming close to the best that is currently offered (lets say for between $100 and $200)? Of course the unknown is how well the software will work and how easily the router will be to set up and work with my current system, and continue to run without issues. But lets assume for now that it is OK in this regard. I respectfully request a refund. This product is not what was promised nor what I would choose to back. If anyone's successfully received a refund, please let us know what we need to do to get one as well. "No 433mhz, No USB 3.0, No HDMI"!!!!!!! NO MORE SUPPORT FROM ME!!! I WANT A REFUND FOR MY PLEDGES ON KS AND IGG!!! Have these clowns delivered on one thing they've promised, even one? Over 50 updates, have they ever updated exactly what they said they would, never mind when they said? Incompetence, arrogance, both, other? Whether intended or not, they've shown nothing but contempt for their backers. I stuck with them for a long time, defended them even. Fortunately, I got out when they were still providing timely refunds. I honestly hope the backers are taken care of. Please post the specs promised side by side with the new specs offered Please post pictures proving you actually have any of the hardware required to make this router a reality This is not a lot to ask for, especially since you are 5 months past the delivery time of July for the router I kickstarted I have to admit I am getting more and more disappointed with the soap team, the biggest disappointment is in their failure to respond to comments. Their lack of updates and response to comments is making it harder and harder not to pull my funding What about class-action ?is yhere a lawyer there? It's easy to proove that everything has not been done properly ,and they knew that they won't make what they promised ,but just gambling our money . So we can gamble aswell for the more than refund ! Hi, I will need a refund, please. I asked for a refund on December 7 but still haven't heard anything. The updates aren't seriously helpful and don't show any significant effort. @All Does anybody know you to bring this up to someone at Kickstarter? Do we, the Backer, have any way to get our money back? Or do we have to real write-off our investment? Here comes my private message to SOAP: My goal was to use your router to control my 433 Mhz home automation system. you now skipped this feature and I urge you to be fair with me and refund me here and at Indiegogo. I think you are aware not to refund me in this case makes you vulnerable whenever acts will be opened against you. I myself am aware that in most cases you just ignore what your backers have posted. I am sad about the latest downgrading specs. So sad that i have requested a total refund via Kickstarter message. I wonder about how worse the hardware issues of the selfmade design are to finally leave that way. I upgraded to big screen, with speak, with media server pack. I just looking with HDMI, USB 3.0 and ultra-high speed wifi. 3GB Ram And ARMS CPU save more power consumption. Now all gone~no need to be soap backer. Just find some function product on market. No need wait wait wait for delay more..Refund please!!!!!!!!! Refund please I honestly don't understand why it took this long to post this update, it looks like less then fifteen minutes worth of time was put into it, you don't even offer a side by side comparison of promised specs vs these new specs. No mention of screen? Is this till there? VGA, I mean seriously who uses that any more, how will that be of any use to anyone? POST SIDE BY SIDE SPEC COMPARISON for each model I don't understand the difficulty of this, do you even have the hardware for these routers because it sure seems like you don't, this is beginning to look more and more like straight up fraud. It might be worthwhile to post some pictures of the hardware in your possession, or at the factory or where ever it maybe, I can't imagine this being a difficult task to perform as everyone has a camera on there phone. I am sorry if I come across as confrontational but I do not feel that an honest effort has been put forth on your put to reassure your backers, the ones who put there own hard earned money so you could realize your dream. If I was in your position I would be working 16hrs a day, 7 days a week until the project was realized. And yes I have actually worked this before, so from my standpoint, given the information you have provided me via updates, you appear to be either very lazy and un motivated or a scam artist who had no intention of ever fulfilling their promise. PS I was supposed to have my routers in July...you have failed miserably and give no evidence of trying to rectify your situation. I truly believe in the idea of crowd funding, it is a wonderful way to allow the little guy to compete against large corporations and get a "lucky break". You need to take a long hard look in the mirror and ask yourself if you want to look back 10-20-40 years from now and regret pissing away your "big break". You have made promises, promises you should keep. The features I backed are no longer there. I have had no response from the "support" part of the soap website. I also will take the refund option. Please post details of how asap. Please issue me a full refund. Thanks. I've finally had enough of the constant changes, you had a very simple goal with this thing, yet it is really starting to look like it will never exist. I'm requesting a refund also. Please refund me thanks so much. No USB 3.0, No HDMI - these are *major* changes from what many people here ordered. Do the right thing and offer refunds, SOAP. I am unpleased with the update 52, i wonder what means "HDD Interface - Will be size of order made" I am not ok at all with : "No 433mhz, No USB 3.0, No HDMI" I want a full refund or or partial refund with more explanation, how to proceed ? Sent a second email requesting a refund. Never got a reply to the first one. That in itself is unprofessional and not acceptable behavior. Can I have my money back please!!!! @Soap: You ended your last updated (December 7) with the words: "Here is a quick app update, we will post another update tomorrow." Well, it's 9 days later now since your last update. How can that happen? Keep your word, please. Provide regular updates. Answer the questions. Thank you. is there another forum somewhere else ? Refund me please! I reached out to them for a refund several times over the last three weeks and have not gotten a response yet! Asked for a refund through Soap's website form on November 27th, no response. Trying again today... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Full refund please. Yes I demand full refund as well!!! Sent a refund request to <email> I got "The domain name of the email address is not valid." Guys, we backed you to support a fellow Kickstarter project and as we needed a BLE router for our own project. Just log in to see 50 Updates but no actual hardware/ firmware specs., or Production plan. Delivery was supposed to be July and we cannot wait any longer as we do need a BLE router. So we need to get an off-the-shelf unit and need our money back. Can you plz. update what your Refund policy will be as proposed in your Update #50. @Brown - the issue is whether the company was dealing in good faith. Since they went onto Indiegogo to collect more money for "upgrades" and "scope creep", there is a real question if they actually were being honest or fraudulent since they couldn't even get the basics working. It would be nice if there was a little bit of investigation at least. I know KS washes their hands of responsibility, but that doesn't mean there wasn't outright fraud happening at some point (especially given those links you posted). If there was, well, that is federal since it is across state lines and can involve significant jail time. If it was honest and just a disaster, that is entirely different. a full refund please! After reading Mr. Brown and all others comment, I still feel I need to ask a full refund from these guys. Just look at the description on this kickstarter page: 2 GB/S WiFi 802.11AC, BLE, Zigbee, Zwave, Insteon, RFID/NFC, Home Media Server, Your Own Cloud and Domain. We call it a Rablet. now 2GB/s wifi is gone, Insteon gone, RFID/NFC probably gone since I cannot find any "off-shelf" routers have this function (oh, Xiaomi router has the NFC, but I don't think these creators can read Chinese). So what the backer will get is completely different from what the creators claimed when they collected the money. Anyway, since it's kickstarter, if the creator can provide me an android router will quad-core freescale processor (or better), gigabit ethernet, 2GB/s Wifi 802.11 AC, 8.4 inch screen, 128GB ssd, and at least support two types of home automation protocols, I will still put my money on them. Otherwise, please just refund since we have been waiting for too long for nothing. @creator, please provide us details about the "off-shelf" replacement you are going to provide to the backers. Mr. Brown - At the point you decide to post like a civilized adult, we can start an adult conversation. At this point your communication doesn't reach the level of my daughters 5th grade title one students. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Me to baffled on Mr Brown's comment. even I'm quite pissed at that my $1 is now gone to scammer... Mr. Travis - This is the 2nd rule in Kickstarter: "Projects must be honest and clearly presented.". I suggest you read it description below it, read it again and again. Then review what Soap has presented to it's backers here and on Indiegogo. I understand backing projects here and on indiegogo is inherently risky. But Soap has clearly broken this rule again and again. Soap received over $400k total from backers. Why you are childishly and vulgarly lashing out at those who were deceived (yes, Mr. Travis, blatantly deceived) is baffling. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Refund please This kind of complete change is something you should have run by your backers before commiting to. You look at it as just a different avenue for the same product, but we look at it as a whole new venture using our investments. I too wish to have a full refund. The selling point for me is that this unit would have Insteon support. In the new updates, this got dropped. Not what I bargained for, therefore, I would also like a refund for this and Idiegogo's campaign. Thanks Could I have a refund on here and indegogo too please. Kind regards Hi i need refund please ASAP $150.00 Thanks I encourage as many backers as possible who wish to receive refunds to reach out to kickstarter and explain that the project has been delayed by nearly a year or more, has changed well beyond it's original idea, and creator is near completely uncommunicative and totally unresponsive. What is the hardware board going to use? You have not pick it yet? So the only thing will be Android OS for it that routers today do not have. What is the problems you had with the hardware? It's hard to think of it so bad that it cost to much to fix it. I guess you could hand solder a wire or something easy. So what is the problems? What will you do with all the board you have right now? Looks like they can run a Android right now in one of your videos. Wow looks like a lot are asking for refunds. I still think will get a very good router. -Raymond Day I requested a refund four times in ten days and no response. Complete radio silence. Refund please. I had the SOAP DOUBLE TROUBLE EARLY EDITION. REFUND!!! Refund Requested Wednesday, Received Today. Like so many others and for all the same reasons ... refund please. Refund Please As other commenters have stated, rather than switching to an off the shelf solution, you should have the decency to offer a refund. Add me to the list of people who would rather have my hard earned money back if you decide to do the right thing. As this is no more a Hardware project ... I would kindly ask for a FULL REFUND of both my Kickstarter accounts and backerkit additions & upgrades... You already have my PayPal email address. Where ever you or whoever you are at Soap please refund me ASAP here and at Indiegogo I'm respectful and considerate although you don't deserve it because you were not. We have funded your project so you could design and produce a router with some exceptional features that are not on the market. But in the past 8 months, you have changed the plans several times. The communication about the design changes raised many questions and reactions among the backers. You completely ignored those. And now you have stopped the development of the soap router hardware. We did not want you to come up with an off the shelf router. The software features are already available in other projects. The hardware is what makes this router superior in comparing to routers that are available on the market. You have not taken us serious. My trust in you is completely lost. You're not doing where we fund you for. It would be fair if you offer anyone the ability to get a full refund. Hi have tried to contact you before regarding a refund. with the way things have been going (no contact, far from that product i bought, not even the same) i will like to have a full refund for my funding. the reason i bought a soap 8,4 and soap quadcore without touch, together with bluetooth soap speaker, battery upgrade and SMC antenna was because i needed a powerfull mesh setup router for media/file sharing, Zwave, cam, zigbee with a simple interface to control it. that it ran android was the key thing that could bind this powerfull router together insted of other brands. Have been with soap since the start on kickstarter and later also indiegogo.and have hoped, but i can read now it is far from the same specs and technology you mabye can deliverer now. therefore i would like to ask for a full refund once more. I already have a RouterBoard device, this is not what we all signed up for. 9 Months later and we receive nothing but a "we give up" update. Would like a refund please. Would like a refund please. By the way, this campaign has been handled horribly from the outset. From broken promises to extremely poor communications. A lack of any kind of accountability. Total disrespect for those who gave their hard earned money to help with an idea. The worst part of this is that many of those who participated in this campaign both on Kickstarter and IGG will probably never get involved again with future projects on any crowdfunding site as I'm sure this will leave a very bad taste for many of the backers. I think I will be filing a claim in small claims court here in California and try and attach liens to these scam artists properties, etc.... I didn't pay for software, I paid for a custom hardware solution. This is beyond the pale to pretend they are doing anything besides shoving crap at us on their way out the door. After reading about the Kreyos smartwatch debacle, I'm starting to get the same feeling about this project. I have sent a request for a refund through my account on the IMSOAP website. Please process without further delay. Thank you!! I requested a refund on November 11 but haven't heard anything yet. Will Kickstarter help us for that? What do I need to do to get a refund? Wow - I didn't see that coming. Bait and switch anyone? Think of all the promises, think of the assurances, the alleged partners. I can't help but wonder if any of that was true. Remember the first release of the h/w was to be 4 months ago! It's clear now. We never got detailed updates because they really were no honest details to update. I don't know, but over 4000 people were mislead, possibly lied to. Over $400k was taken under false pretenses. Does this and the Indiegogo project meet the legal criteria for fraud? Wihle I'm one of the lucky ones who got a refund and I may not be eligiable, I'd be willing to join a class action suit against these guys. Really curious about that missing 10%... Did this just become a $100+ pledge to duplicate hardware I already purchased while waiting and get an app? @Bryan - agreed. what a disappointment! So Soap is now down the drain? I'll be looking for a refund myself, I was prepared to wait a long time but this has essentially become the DD-WRT project...and that one's free. Next soap update was pointless. So, basically, we should have just NOT give you our money, and just bought off the shelf products, since that is all you are doing. Thanks for nothing guys. "Next Soap update will occur in mid-November, with information pertaining to the new members of the leadership team, product demonstration, and clearer expectations pertaining to ship dates." - 30/2 = 15?? do i pertain that this is now well overdue ??!! Think about it. They don't have enough respect for the 4000+ people who gave them money to spend 60 seconds to provide a simple update. I was lucky to have requested (and received) my refund before they stopped replying to requests. Why do I still care? Simple, I'm now embarrassed and feel guilty I defended them during this campaign against allegations of scam and fraud and am concerned my words encouraged others to invest. @em trough soap email... I also requested refunds from every email address they have as well as directly with amazon payments. I've not heard from them. Soon I'll contact my credit card. @Jonny I saw that you got your refund. What method did you use to make that happen? This was my first Kickstarter backing and I am now disgusted with the lack of accountability. I requested refund through Amazon Payments 72 hours ago and followed up with a Kickstarter email just now. Hopefully, someone from SOAP stops to read their emails and processes my refund soon. I need a new router and stupidly thought that these guys were going to stick with their promises. Curious - Has anyone called them? P: 719-418-3147 I'm keeping the faith but its getting harder and harder. Please restore our faith with a substantial update. Any Update about the project? Thanks... I was a super early adopter too. That's looking like a mistake and I'll be looking for a refund. If they'd keep us informed would sure help. i guess super early adopter didn't mean much est shipping was july, it's now almost december, i guess they meant july next year to hell with kickstarter, crowdfunding and all the false promises, never again 10 days have passed since my refund request via email, amazon and kickstarter message. no reaction at all... @David with my $1? Nooooooooo!!!!! Sorry, failed to mention, the comments were on the indiegogo site, not here. Update 48 provided pretty much no real actual details, but they did say another update would be made in "mid-November". They posted a couple of comments in the last day regurgitating the "We are working extremely hard", message, but nothing of which, apparently, can be talked about. If I were to guess, I'd say they are working really hard on selling the concept to another company and walk away with big bucks without ever having to produce anything. Update please! Delay without information normally is not a good thing. I did get a refund from them. PER CES Website - Maybe if we start spamming them, we’ll get some answers. Soap Inc 1824 Woodmoor Dr 102 Monument, CO 80132 USA P: 719-418-3147 Booth Location(s): Sands – 75337 Has anyone received a refund? no reaction to messages... wonder where are those people who told me to shut up when I voiced my concern during the campaign... I'm all for marijuana legalization........but....maybe...these guys smoked too much! I am definitely having my doubts as well. Frankly you are running a startup and your credentials are burning. Here is a simple way to handle this - communicate openly and regularly. That literally means assigning someone to be the liason, spend an assigned and protected half-an-hour every day answering questions every morning, and then every friday spending 2 hours to post a meaningful update that actually addresses delivering product (not building your company which is less important - save that for the VCs). Maybe at CES they will have more than Android loading on a PC (*ahem, I mean the router) to show us...... @Creator - Update 46 - "We will post another LCD/Touch panel video when the parts arrive. Power Issue is due to the battery disconnected. It is currently running Ice Cream Sandwich, but will plan to have it running KitKat soon. We will post progress videos as soon as they happen from here on out." - so you have made no progress??? Since you said you would post videos as progress was made, was this another empty promise? Why do you need to wait to load KitKat when in another update, you said it was already running KitKat? @Creator - Update 45 - "We will be posting videos and updates on the progress of the development as we go along. We will have something for you in the coming weeks on software. " Another empty promise? Maybe you can take 200$ of the $400,000 you have TAKEN from us and buy a camera and follow through on something. Since you refuse to update until 4 weeks from now, I THINK you should have time to buy a camera and take a 4-6 minute video..... Its been more than a few weeks, and none of your "recent" updates have said anything other than there will be more info. What are you hiding? Are you broke, is the money gone? @Creator - Update 38 - "Its official KitKat is running on our prototype board!" So....wait....is it or isn't it running KitKat? And at least most of the spelling and grammar is correct.......cant give any other positives.... After twice promising a big update related to software and timelines. The update arrived, with nothing about software and new delivery date of Q1 2015. But they were able to cram the update with a huge number of buzz words and phrases. I think this SOAP is big SCAM!!! the have delays after delays :-/ i got this in a mail (indiegogo): Timelines We are working with suppliers and manufactures to get a more defined timeline, but need to make a few more final strategic decisions pertaining to protocols and feature sets based on recent collaboration with router manufacturers. We will ship in 1Q15, but can’t pin down an exact date as of yet. I bought into this project at a time when the rewards were simple and clear, and had purchased the "top of the line" model at what was available at the time.. With the additional stretch goals and delays I can no longer ascertain that the product can be promptly delivered or perform to the specifications stated. Additionally, with the rolling delays, the wifi standard may not be the "fastest" available when the product eventually ships. The project was further launched unto indiegogo, with further upgrade rewards. In my honest opinion, at this time, any cancellations would help you meet the overwhelming preorders from both Kickstarter and Indiegogo, however it seems the early backers such as myself are being penalised. I cannot see how I should be subjected to the various fees stated above in the breakdown, when, so far, it has been nothing but delays, infrequent updates, and disappointment regards to backing this project. "Here is the breakdown. Kickstarter Fee - 10.25 Amazon Payment Fee - 5.95 IndieGoGo Fee - 2.00 PayPal Fee - 1.69" As I earlier mentioned, I would think that a refund via amazon payments should help reduce or negate some of the fees stated earlier. Besides, should it not be that the inventors be responsible for some of the liabilities when they are unable to deliver a product on schedule? So why then does it seem to me that I am paying for items such as amazon payment fees and the like? Even the paypal fees for processing the refund has to be borned by me? Come on, I thought better of this project and its inventors. You, the inventors asked for funding on kickstarter to which we, backers, supported, yet being unable to deliver this item to schedule and now youre asking for us to bear the kickstarter fees? How far does this go before it sounds ridiculous? Nonetheless, my email is as stated in my email. Please quit stalling and do the necessary to proceed with the refund. wonder how much they pocketed from Indiegogo since it seems they favour Indiegogo backers over KS backers... :p Any updates would be appreciated... Any updates on this would be appreciated. Definitely a little concerned at this point with the lack of communication. Please, spend the hour a week and give us a status update. From Indiegogo: Update from 17 days ago: We will have a much bigger software update in the coming weeks Comment from them today (2+weeks later): We will have a better update in a couple of weeks featuring the software We probably need to pay $30 to upgrade to the new Soap Super-soap Hexa Pro-centials 12.4 shipping box in order to receive something. Even their websites seems abandoned. All their social media hasn't been updated since July. Alan; did you pay through amazon? go to payments.amazon.com and log in, find the payment and check the details. Write down the transaction ID, click "Problem with this order" and contact the seller requesting a refund. If they don't answer in 72hr, go back to the website and contact Amazon. I've just gone through the first half of the process and the clock is now ticking... 71:59:59 At this point, I'm looking to cancel my order #1090. I have emailed several times requesting the cancellation and refund of this order. Could you advise? so we are now waiting for the update to announce the update where there's nothing but update will be coming soon... my head hurts... :x Any update? Thought we would have had one by now?? @David - I've been trying to find a way to say the same thing, but didn't want to sound "impatient" or "pushy". Thanks!! On Tuesday they announce (on indie) they will have an update at the end of the week. The update? They will have an update In a few weeks, lol. It took them 3 days to write that. Oh, It's because they are working so hard and are so busy. Apparently nothing of which is worthy of mentioning. Any chance of an update this week????? Hi Soap, are you alive? What's the project status? Trying to seek a refund but there has been no reply via email nor messages. Agree completely. There is absolutely no reason why this isn't part of their project plans and now that "they have more people working on this" there are no more excuses. agreed If they had any kind of project management at all, someone would be able to put together a quick summary/highlights of the last week/2 weeks accomplishments in minutes. Then a few more minutes on what's to be expected prior to the next update. This is very basic stuff. SOAP should hookup with this project ASAP. <url>#65)... lack of updates is really bothering me. Glad my Almond+ arrived. They had pretty good communications throughout. This has been sadly the other end of the spectrum... little to no actual real concrete information, just a lot of requests for "buy more stuff" Why I feel so glad that I give this scam joint no more than $1 :p i hate it when creators do this, first be all over the comments, then after funding is complete go all silent and send out an update once or maybe twice a month even worse if they run into delays sent them a message about the mail, they responded, sent another asking for an update, because i'm a "super early adopter", no response @Creator - any chance of any kind of update? i guess it was legit just got a message, saying an account was created for me on MySoapHome, real or phishing? I finally gave up and asked for a refund. told me they will refund me but minus the fees they incurred from the following.. Kickstarter, IndieGoGo, PayPal, and Amazon Payments. I asked for a breakdown as I had nothing tied to the indiegogo other than the color upgrade I already got for free.. Thank you for the update. Do you have any rough estimate of when you foresee delivery being possible? Do you think it's going to ship this year? thanks for this expected update (more than 1 weeks is too long) i still confident ! No i won't ask for a refund ... ....now ;) you need our support ,your ambitious project still a good one please keep in touch with us ,we (both ) need it . How do we go about requesting a refund? If this is the correct forum, I'd like a refund please. @David - It's more truth than fiction. The IG crowd is starting to realize that too. The creators previous business has an F BBB rating basically centered around the same thing we see here. The creator is unbelievably bad at customer service and communication. Hell, over on IG one of the team said the KS backers were trolls and they kind of ignore them, presumably because so many people called exactly what's happening now. If he were in bed with real investors they would never stand for that. I'm curious how it will end. Definitely the most poorly run campaign I've been involved with. July has come and gone, August is almost over - no updates, no product... (crying...) @Nicholas - Where are they at? I don't know, are there any Crowd Funding sites left to exploit? A joke, my friends, it's a joke :) July has come and gone, August is almost over - no updates, no product... where are we at boys? Ok gents...feel free to update any time. I send multiple mails about a router that I order but after 2 mails the don't response ﻿ Any news? Been almost a month without an update... silence is not bad ,even on web :) @Ari +1 :) @Ari +1 :) It's interesting to see someone get a refund because they questions the project in such a manner that they feel a refund is necessary unlike the other 99.999% of us backers. Yet they feel the need to still come back and try to slander it even after being gracefully released. If your going away. Then go away. Make sense? @Vince They could have been clearer, but having read through all of their updates I'm pretty sure that these first boards won't be shipped to anyone. They were build "by hand" with the express purpose of being test boards. They left off the gigabit lan to save on costs as they didn't see its addition as relevant for testing (I disagree, but as long as they do some testing of the gigabit with the "final" production boards, it should be ok). The second run that they referred to should either be the "final" production boards that will be shipped off to the the early bird/beta contributors, or possibly another set of "test" boards if the first run has enough issues. Either way, you should (almost definitely will) receive a board with Gigabit. I really wouldn't be concerned about it if I were you. As a side note, though I think they should have mentioned the delay awhile ago, I'm glad they finally made it definite. I honestly wouldn't be surprised with a longer delay than 3 months, but I'll be cautiously optimistic. Since the software clearly isn't very close to complete, I think they'll find it to require quite a few revisions before they SHOULD consider it ready to ship. However, I attribute this to their optimism and inexperience and don't fault them for it. @People asking for refunds: This is a rather silly time for people to be asking for refunds IMHO. We're over the hump of most of the fears at this point. Now we're simply playing the waiting game. You should expect at least a couple more delay announcements, but if you didn't expect that from the beginning, you were fooling yourself. At least they have legitimate production now. Got my refund. thanks hector for the reply back i hope its true because of there answer it seems like the first version of soap devices will be 10/100 but there second batch would be 10/100/1000 "The NEXT VERSION will have an intel version of this part, which is 10/100/1000. We didn't feel the need to put it on the FIRST VERSION due to the added cost" Vince, they said that they are only using the 10/100 for the TEST run... at least that's my understanding of it. ........soo how do i get the second batch with the 10/100/1000 I guess have to deal with it. Hope to get some stuff free from that. Wow 2 or 3 month delay nice So... What sort of compensation will you be providing for those of us who are now so delayed that we are basically going to receive our routers at the same time as the indiegogo funders? Free wall mounts? Stickers? I assume we will get the eSata port with our boards now. The more I think about the more I'm impressed with the business model. They came up with a concept and used Kickstarter to fund the team through the idea and high level "design" phase. They then fund the serious design and production via Indiegogo. They can willingly give refunds to us on Kickstarter because they are getting more per piece from the Indie folks. The lack of movement with the board (any day now :)) isn't surprising. Neither is the failure to provide new dates as I honestly don't think they have a clue. This is a team who've managed to earn money while thinking out loud and learning as they go. I actually applaud them for their success. I'm not sure it's consistent with the KS and Indie philosophies, but so it goes. I honestly do hope it all works out well for everyone (not just the Soap team). Thanks for the tip David, I have done the same. @John Dunn The refund went well, no complaints whatsoever. I wanted to follow up here after my last post, over on indiegogo informed me "it was due to first off build, keep costs low whilst testing before board revisions." so my worries there have been killed out. @David let me know how the refund goes. I am getting more and more let down at this point. the "micrel ksz8895mq only capable of 10/100 Ethernet speeds" was pretty much the nail in the coffin I think :/ Hi, I was among the SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS .. I would now like to upgrade to a Soap Quad or at least Dual .. isthat still possible? I saw some upgrade options on indiegogo some time ago, but cant find them anymore now. Thanks in advance for your reply As mentioned by chris.indiegogo1 on the IGG campaign comments: Question: isn’t the micrel ksz8895mq only capable of 10/100 Ethernet speeds? Sorry, by "this week", they meant last week. Here's my issue: 10 days ago they posted "DEVA/EMI has assured us that we will have our first batch of boards sometime this week. Now we find out they were missing parts. Who assures delivery of a board within days only to find out they are missing parts of the board?" It took 9 days for that! But now we're assured that Soap will have the board any day now. No word on software, certifications, testing, etc. etc. etc. I really hope this works out, I really do. But I'm out. Credit to Soap for responding to my refund request in 12 hours. Hopefully, I'll have the refund shortly. @Mark No, you can see it without contributing. The relevant part (IMO) was: PCB Update We had a delay during assembly, our board assembler had to order a couple of the passive parts for our board, and the manufacturer was a bit slow on shipment. Which put us back a couple of days. As of now the parts have arrived and the board is currently being assembled and manually inspected before shipment. Assuming everything goes well from here on out we should have the board in our hands any day. There was some other marketing-ish stuff, but that was the only relevant bit about manufacturing the product. I am grateful for the update today (keep it up!) and I do actually have confidence that the project will be completed at some point but I'd still like some acknowledgment that the shipping date has slipped (obvious) with an updated timeline and the answers to your questions from update 43. @David care to share about this update? I'm guessing you have to contribute to see updates on that site. @ Hector Yes I'm familiar but I don't use it anymore. Based on the latest update at Indie, I've asked for a refund. I've lost confidence in Soap's ability to manage this project. So... how's my "Estimated delivery: Jul 2014"? Seriously, just tell me its delayed and let us know that things are being worked on. Anyone here familar with Notion Ink and the original Adam? Then there is this: <url>"delay" update was coming soon, What about this: Some of us backers take some money in hand and instruct somebody near to the Soap location to look up whether there is anything tangible on site or not. Quote myself from May 12th: "I call this update a downdate. Can't remember any hard facts ever. Anybody else can?" @SOAP Will SOAP be joining Thread Group. Seems like a natural once you deliver product but also good networking for such a young company. @Chris Just joining the chorus of voices here. I initially backed a Soap essentials and was sorely tempted to take them up on their discounted upgrade offer to the Quad, but given the way they have been handling the project, I'm not eager to give them any more money. @Chris Definitely not alone. I basically posted the same 4 days ago... the more they try and upsell, the less confidence I feel in the product. We need a delivered product to see if the quality is there. I'm not throwing another cent on this without some proof of a product. @Chris You are not alone. All I have ever wanted is the router. @Cameron Lets set aside the fact that beta testing a product (both hardware and software, no less) of this complexity in a week is beyond absurd and that assembling early adoption units for un tested hardware during beta defeats the entire purpose of having a beta and get to the real issue. Practically every update on the project has simply been trying to upsell add ons or new features. The very few that aren't have nothing substantial or even real. Most have been stock photos from component manufacturers or mock ups and the most recent was so bare as to be useless. An empty bread board doesn't mean/prove/demonstrate anything. Basically everything in your post is unverified because they have told us practically NOTHING. You don't know the new board isn't a one-off run. In fact, it's more likely it is if they truly revamped it amd this is the first final board. There is no indication everything is "smooth sailing" since there's really no evidence of progress at all. Once again, their silence on anything useful is far more likely an indication of problems. They're obviously not pressed for time since they can brainstorm and post endless up sells, which is the crux of the problem. If they have time to post updates selling more addons then they have time to update with real, useful production details but they aren't. There are only so many reasons for that. Either they don't care about what their backers are wanting, they don't have any details to give (no progress), or the details are bad and they're trying to hide it (big mistake). None of those are good no matter how you try and spin it. On top of that, none of the very valid and important questions are being answered even in comments. Everyone is being ignored and asked to buy more upgrades. This entire campaign feels like a scam at this point. If I see one more update on either site trying to sell some new add on no one asked for before a substantial update addressing their obvious production problems and revised shipping schedule I'm seriously tempted to drive to their office and make sure it's not some empty building or just a room with a computer to constantly beg for money. They're only about an hour away. It's beyond ridiculous at this point and crazy that anyone is trying to defend them. The solution to all this is simply transparency in what's happening, regardless of whether it's good or bad. Ironically this would likely do a better job driving sales. Personally I've not grabbed some addons that I would like because I don't trust them anymore and will not give them any more money for any reason until we see some substantial update. I doubt I'm alone. Under served** @David No I agree, there was an expectation that the first units would ship in July. Just a rough look shows that there is an expectation of approximately 50 beta units that were selected as rewards. Now, at the date of this posting there are exactly 3 weeks until the end of July, which is the expected ship for those rewards, as well as about 200-300 additional units. The Management (ie Soap) has mentioned that they are expecting the final completed board to be in at any moment. I would assume that this means they didn't order a one off board they probably have the first round of boards coming in. We can assume that the beta units will ship within a week. Then do a week of beta testing while other boards are being assembled -> software gets finalized for the initial release candidate -> the remaining July orders ship the last week in July or the first week of August you can expect the product to ship. That being said, they may be a little pressed for time, but have faith, I mean they did a revamp of the board design, and still are basically smooth sailing. It takes work and a lot of sweat equity to get this from idea to launch and I commend them for such a good effort :D And I mean no disrespect to anyone, I just advocate for chilling out and enjoying the process. We are getting an amazing piece of technology that is developing an undeserved market. I'm also waiting for a brightswitch. It's much less sophisticated and is being made by an experienced company. They just pushed out delivery to Oct. and they've provided detailed comprehensive updates and seem to be farther along. @Cameron - with due respect. The first units were to be shipped in July. We're one third through and they don't have a completed board. Is the case ready? Is the software ready? How about certification? I'm trying to read between the lines of all the updates selling more options, but I'm not having much success. I'm still hoping to get mine this month, but I'd be pleasantly surprised (read shocked). @Tyler Now if you bothered to keep up to date with the project you would be aware that numerous times Soap has explained there are no delays and that everything from KS, unless you purchase some of the hardware upgrades from the Indiegogo Campaign, will be shipping on time and that they will update if any delays are expected. I know its easier to just ask questions without looking into the matter for your self, but its a good life skill to have. @Soap: I still have not figured out when we are receiving our products. I have only had my original pledge. No upgrades or addons. My delivery date is supposed to be in August. Are you planning on shipping on the original planned dates or are we delayed. If we are delayed, how long are we going to be waiting? @Nathan LOL. In my world, scope creep is initiated from the client's end. This is more of a case of a contractor promising something he can't deliver or vendor padding. Nobody (the client:backers) asked for this stuff. It seems that by padding the original proposal, @Soap has managed to create a buffer of excuses for the future yet to be announnced but surely forthcoming delays. I would really just like to get the router I paid for. You need to establish some trust with your customers here. Time is slipping by, and the more features you add, the longer this is going to take to deliver. You're going to destroy your reputation if you fail to deliver in a timely manner. Please get the product out. I will seriously consider buying add-ons once I get a product from you, but I won't be adding another dime until I get a deliverable. I have loved the idea of this from the start, as I'm sure all of us have. That aside, I have requested a refund and they have agreed to it without any fuss. I hope you guys get what you've been promised, but I'm out. I have completely lost confidence in this project, unfortunately. I do hope that the project succeeds and that everyone gets what they've been promised. Best of luck guys @Paul I don't want your comment to go unnoticed (re the 100K/125K Stretch Goals) from Update #12. Basically, we were told that we would get a mic, speaker, camera, and optical included by reaching that funding goal. Now the indiegogo campaign has that as an add-on. @Soap I realize you guys are doing everything you can with these add-ons, accessories, etc. to establish a market for your new product. I think it's smart. If you only released the router without a set of accessories then it's not as appealing from a "home automation" perspective. Also, I'm sure it doesn't hurt to have that additional influx of cash. That said, I do not think it's fair to your KS backers to have removed the stretch goal hardware mentioned above from your final design only to slip them into a package deal add-on for an additional fee. I hope you would consider correcting this oversight by giving your KS backers those hardware items we earned when we met the stretch goals...we don't expect the other items in the $79 audio package, but the camera, speaker, mic, and optical were things we already paid for with our support. Thanks for always thinking! I have to agree with Ryan, below. I have no idea what I'm currently getting. (I thought you were going to update all backer as to what they ordered.) Additionally, I'd really like to know if getting this add-on will help with internet speeds in my house (not with various components but with me using the Web.) Does anyone know? I no longer have any idea of what hardware I pledged for or what I am getting what with the kickstarter, indiegogo, and backerkit upgrade offers and the name changes. All I am sure of is that it is already outdated if I don't shell out for all these confusing upgrades. @Nathan, a little... since Soap made all the changes now it needs to ship units. @Saop any adanced on the board? picture? Is anyone but me worried about scope creep? New to google+ communities thing but thought wth may as well give it a go and made a community for us if you guys want to check it out. could become more useful once we actually start getting these things in our hands for now may just be useful to maybe even share some ideas of what we may be using for automation or anything like that. (you you can just tell me it sucks and give me some ideas for it) <url>· 512 GB SSD · 1x Soap Speak An Indiegogo update wants $79 ($99 in two days) to add: · Lifetime Media App subscription · Optical audio port · 3.5mm audio/multi purpose · Built-in microphone and speaker. · 5MP camera. · IR blaster/receiver. Remember the $100K stretch goal here? Added a camera, microphone and speaker to the Touch. @soap just wonder why stock color is not black or white? Like your original color. Somehow now end up with blue is main color. I guess just need to paint to much with my room color @Soap @John is right... you already told us that we'd have the choice to get color. We don't have to pledge on another site to get what is promised here right? @John, yes I agree they said they would concider additional colors but they neither said it would be extra, nor did they said there wouldn't be an additional cost, just that they would investigate additional color options I still do not know what I will get from my $314 Pledge.... It would be nice to know what upgrades I have already paid for via other means on KS, before heading over to Indiegogo to add more upgrades and changes. I also don't understand why I am being forced to use a website I have had no love for to order add ons. Why can't this be done on KS with another project like I've seen others do? @Cameron they told us earlier in our campaign we were going to have color options when we would get our soap there was never a mention of extra costs. @John Dunn, you do have a color option, and just like everyone else it's $15 to get a special anodized color. Additional process costs more money @Soap just saw the update over on the indiegogo. I hope you are sticking with giving the KS backers color options like you stated earlier in this campaign. As not really feeling the blue. @Cameron +1 on that. While I strongly believe that everyone is entitled to their opinion it's my opinion that I like the offerings, extras and upgrades. Guys, honestly it isn't that hard. They gave clear guidelines as to how your backer reward from kickstarter could be compared to indiegogo, and as far as I'm concerned they can throw all the accessories they want up for sale, because we reap the benefits of the new stretch goals. As for the color they said they would inform us about color selection as the ship date got closer. So keep being awesome @Creator . I look forward to receiving my Soap Quad in August just in time to shoe it off at college! :D Why are you still talking about options instead of where the project is? I am so confused by all the options. No idea what i backed compared to what is on IGG. @Creators - unfortunately your latest updates are all about new ways to collect money. New features, new colours, new campaign... I understand that you are very excited about it. But there are hundreds of backers that already funded you and we want to get what we paid for. I DO NOT need golden (red, blue, etc...) router. I DO NOT need new excited features. I need device that described on the project page. NOTHING more. Please... Anyone know any good security camera and motion detector will work with soap router and no monthly fee? Thanks I just upgraded from the Essential to the Touch/Quad on Indiegogo. Create an account on Indiegogo, find the Soap router, select pledge(there are specific pledges for KS backers), pay through paypal. Hope this helps. So I am still confused. If we want to upgrade, how do we do it? Do we send via Paypal? Do we pledge some odd amount on IndieGoGo? @Creator Regarding the last updates (up to #39) Can I just get all of my money back? I've lost total faith in what you are doing. Or seem to be doing. Only the second time in about 880 projects I back(ed) here. The more I think about this and all the changes, I'm starting to doubt the project. I reluctantly paid for the Indigogo upgrade but I still have no idea what it includes other than 1.4"s of screen. I'm ok with the $25 uncharged due to July delivery vs. December. But... it doesn't seem July will be happening. These guys are just making so much confusion for everyone. I mean... I'd like to upgrade to the 8.4, but feel shafted that I'll be paying for than people on IGG by $25 (even though I then save $6 on shipping apparently). Then I get even more confused by the chart that says the 8.4 comes with 128GB SSD, but then there's an add on for $100 to get an internal 128GB SSD. So what... we get an external SSD with the 8.4 or an internal one? It's not like it's actually clear from the description. I think you guys would get more money, if you would quit confusing people and/or making us KS backers feel like we keep getting a worse deal than IGG backers are getting. Howdy! I jumped in on the early SOAP DOUBLE TROUBLE EARLY EDITION... I also added an additional Essentials during the selection process. But with the upgrades on Indiegogo - will that delay my early edition options if I were to get them? This process is confusing and slightly frustrating. I want to be a big fan and supporter - but I'm getting a little (or a lot) lost. @CiXel This inductive charging thing makes no sense to me either. When I first saw it I thought it was an inductive charger, which would be cool (I'd love to throw my Nexus 5 on top of my Soap and have it charge), but charging makes no sense at all. I'm confused about the Indigogo Stretch goals. The $300k goal is releasing a "stable version of Linux" for the SOAP. However, Soap committed to releasing a Linux version of SOAP in the Kickstarter campaign. I'm in for two Essentials - will I still be able to configure them without a display? I guess I have some silly questions to add to this morning's excitement. Such a roller coaster of emotions. Not really, it's just a router but more drama makes it more fun. That said, could someone break it down for me elementary school style. I guess I am ignorant to the fact of understanding exactly what is happening. 1. I originally ordered a Soap Touch for $150. What am I going to get when my product ships? 2. According to Indiegogo, I can buy a 8.4 today for $200 or upgrade my order to an 8.4 for $75 more totalling $225? 3. How many actual versions of the Soap router are there now? (Kickstarter + Indiegogo) 4. I just want my router to mount on a wall and stay there, (I have plenty of actual tablets) will the product allow me to do that? (I saw wall mounts for $45 on Indiegogo) Thanks. @Creator - Could you please confirm if your last update means that product delivery for Kickstarter backers will be delayed/postponed to accommodate new Indigogo requirements/goals? I don't understand why you would want this thing on a battery / with inductive charging to carry it around when there are all these wires plugged into it. Does the 'tablet' portion come off or something? Dear Soap team , Kindly divert the funds I paid for upgrades on backerkit ( That are now already included for free ) to upgrade to the 8.4 unit that will still leave some cash in our account for additional upgrades that might arise in the coming weeks before delivery. .. You will also need to confirm by email the final result of our order you have in your records to eliminate any confusion or misunderstanding after all the changes you made ... Awaiting your Confirmation Thanks So you're currently offering the 8.4" on Indiegogo for $200.00, and offering KS backers that backed the Touch/ Quad a $75.00 upgrade to the 8.4" from $150.00 to $225.00. How is this a supergood "one day deal !" You're screwing the hell out of your KS backers. How do we use the upgrade options? So now that an upgrade from a Touch to a Quad 8.4 is $75, what about those like myself who on the first day gave $300? Do we get a refund, or do we look like fools? You should support those who supported you. Maybe they could answer some questions for us lowly backers here on kickstarter. Like what upgrades will cost and what is now standard. I would also like to see some pictures, and I thought I remember mention of a video that should have been up 4 days ago. Maybe they went to EDC and are still recovering..... How about any word at all....? Units should be getting ready to ship in the next few weeks, so there really should be a fully functioning "first run" unit by now. If not, that's fine, but I think we're owed some kind of status update at this point. Any word on if we will be receiving the stretch goals from the Indigogo project or not? Also have the original ship dates changed to the Indigogo timeline or are we still receiving ours as early as July? What happened to the video of the production unit discussed in update #36? "For those of you that are wondering and want a firm date for the demo, it is being manufactured as we speak in California. We plan to have the demo in the last business week of June and have a video on the 26th." Hi SoapTeam Just want to hear, know I can see the Indiegogo is going good, what about the old goals from Kickstarter. How does we stand on this now? This is regarding the no-rope and bubbles and the TPM integration? Kind Regards Max Awesome So in the latest IGG update they have shown photos of their "pre production prototype". It is actually just an off-the-shelf development "carrier" board from Congatec hosting the Congatec SOM they've previous announced a switch to (update 34). See <url>#gallery Yay for progress! Guys... Soap is now on indie go go.. They should fullfill our orders and show us product first before they promise those backers products in "August" :P @mark read update 33 that where they sorry can't use 4gb of ram. I don't keep track of this just know they improve during time I read it. For me I was hope for 8gb of ram haha but guess have to accept that 2 gb. If U one of essentials will get a lot more than touch cos now U even get 32gb memory too @mark read update 33 that where they sorry can't use 4gb of ram. I don't keep track of this just know they improve during time I read it. For me I was hope for 8gb of ram haha but guess have to accept that 2 gb. If U one of essentials will get a lot more than touch cos now U even get 32gb memory too @Seyha Very well, I can accept that, but what is this "something else" that you mentioned was added as a concession for the change? Only thing I've noticed added was the x10 RF module. I guess that's something, but I would have expected something a little more universally appreciated. X10 RF is practically non-existent in the HA world. Yes, I also read about the internal battery, but I take this to be the same minimal non-mobility power battery that was basically included from the beginning. If I'm wrong on this, I'd be interested in the actual size of the included battery compared to the 2200 mAh "upgrade" battery. @Mark yes there one of the updated they told board can't support 4gb ram. But they add something else into it to fill that. The last 2 or 3 updated tell what final soap will be. I noticed you've downgraded us from 4GB of ram to 2GB without even the ability to upgrade. Care to comment on this? @Tyler Clark - The Touch and Essentials are both the same hardware as the Quad, with the only difference being that the Essential does not come with a screen. I am still slightly confused. The soap essentials that we have backed on Kickstarter is no longer a model but what new model is it comparable (hardware - the screen) to? So, as far as I can tell the Soap Touch is now the Soap Quad? Keep up the good work guys! Mark Curious about one item. The update states Android 4.0, the IndieGogo states KitKat (android 4.4) ... can you clear up that confusion? Seems like you have no intention of any long term support for the Soap Essential. All the new options force a screen and at an extremely steep premium (3 times the cost of the original device). Are there are any plans for continued support of your original, never even released product line? Okay...I'm reading and comparing the specs, and from what I'm getting, soap touch should be the equivalent of the soap quad, and essentials is just a soap solo with the screen swapped for more ram and a better processor, based on the final specs we were given. Now, I see that the upgrade price from the "Essential/(Quad-noscreen&8Gb)" to the "Touch/Quad" is now $255. and the upgrade price from "Touch/Quad" is $300. Pretty expensive upgrades, especially just to add on 24Gb of memory and a screen or a 128gb and a larger screen, but i suspect that we did get way too much of a deal during the ks and that's just making the up the difference.(no exact comparison to essentials, but 150 a touch vs 380 a quad assuming software is the same) While like the others, I am not happy that another campaign was launched with newer rewards before even fufilling the rewards from this campaign, I do understand that you wish to do so to lower the cost of production, which i suppose is fine by me. However, I would like to see an equivalency chart between the rewards in the campaign to the ones on the indiegogo so I can know which one is which. Also, do we get to pick the color of our soaps? After all, you did show soaps of all colors in the pictures of the second campaign. +1 John Dunn. I would of at least waiting till the first Soaps started to ship to release an improved product. Then I could of at least slept knowing my "original" Soap Touch was not an impulse purchase. cross posting this here from the update comments too.. This update is something not to thrilled about. 1. a new funding campaign (we never suggested it, I been here from the start read all comments including the drama) 2. Adding more options on a second campaign before you even get the promised goods from this one to it's backers. and this is something you want me to share to get you more funding? All the BS before you got funded I could deal with this crap makes me just want my money back as this is the crap that shows you are just there to turn out products and by next year at this time our "backer" product will be 4 models behind and unsupported garbage to you. Website is up again. Where's the website? What's up with the website? <url>#32 and there was no update showing any details (facts) ever. Anybody proof me that I'm wrong.. I wonder if Soap can prove this to me. I'm looking forward to June when the live demo is to be available. I've got to admit, however, I'm disappointed in the lack of details in the updates. Still there's the unanswered issue of subscription. Will KS backers be given free subscription for life and only new users outside KS will have to pay? Ok, I'm happy now. I thpught you were referring to the apps listed in the kickstarter. hello, In the #32 update you've announced "-Premium apps from Soap and subscriptions available and discounted price for KS backers only" When i backed your project, i didn't notice any mention of subscriptions or premium app (not free). Can we as fast as possible be informed about this and can you give to possibility to be refunded if we want I think to add subscriptions or paying app after the end of kickstarter project is really really unfair. I feel fooled (i highly believed in your project and ordered 2 devices) Please clarify soon this point @Robert It can't be the gift. For gift you don't pay any. This reward you pay via pledge thus there's been monetary transaction hence it cannot be classified as the gift. Now about the subscription Soap should offer the KS backers free subscription for life. I backed couple of projects and they offered life time free subscription as it wasn't declared in the original campaign. im worried about their business model Can we get an official update if any of the following are considered Premium Content and need an additional purchase or subscription cost: Soap Home Automation Soap Parental Controls Soap Flypaper Soap Ninja Soap Spy Soap Astringant Soap Mobile I call this update a downdate. Can't remember any hard facts ever. Anybody else can? I did not buy this router to buy apps and monthly services for I would of spent my money somewhere else. WHAT ???? What do you exactly mean by premium app subscription ?? Please use a postal service like USPS and DHL, UPS or the like. And please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. Your product is a reward for our pledges. And please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. Thank you and good luck with production and distribution. Cu, Robert Yep, this is awful. 6 weeks ago from Max: this is a update today from kickstarters airtame, cant you make one in the same stil with that type of info? <url>"It has been another insanely busy week here at Soap, we currently have a lot on our plate and are working like crazy to meet all our deadlines." One of your deadlines has been update on sunday. Now it's monday here. @Alex your updated is come :) No updates, no news. It has been a silent fortnight...any updates?? Will Soap interface with the Phillips Hue Lights or will I still need their special hub? hu guys ! just for fun could you tell us where is Soap in this match : <url>"Confirm your pledge info for Soap: First Smart Router w/ Touch Display Powered by Android". I do not remember needing to confirm. @Erik you can do that with Tasker for Android I am very interested in IFTT type of logic engine. If my cell phone is on connects to the wifi and the garage door opens them turn on x light, turn on tv, and turn on porch light. What are the plans for an app to do this type of scripting? Thanks for the update! Come backers this device is the future. If you want to see it do even more raise your hand "post a comment" let everyone know your ideas or send an email to the creators. Even though this is the most intuitive device yet you guys can make it even better. Let the suggestions flow. Great suggestion Daniel! There are a handful of apps out there that are not compatible with every AirPrint device. A solution like this could alleviate this issue. Guys, a very good feature would be an AirPrint server app so we can connect a printer to the USB ports and print using an iOS device. @Alex.. patience is a virtue.. would you rather them spend time answering your questions and comments or spend more time to the more important stuff.. like actual development of the product. Once you've backed plenty other projects you will see that it's the same with most kickstarter projects.. Alex look like u are very news with kickstarter. Back more project and u will see all the same. After project fund the creator are working hard to meet due date. If it to silence you can sing :D Sillence again.... +1 Alex :) Yeah, can we get some pictures from your new office :)? Amazing. People can't even take an advice let alone any criticism ??? Let me say it again. I hope Soap does turn out to be at least 50% of what were promised and I will be super impressed. Is that negative enough for ya? Was not what I meant, just that there should be a clear statement, continues updates, videos from the office and so on, to make it more personalised and build trust relations to the customers. It was not negaative placed, just some good advice for the future. As we, all want to see the project succeed :) Also I would love to follow updates, so I have something to look forward to :) @max - that campaign ended 2 months ago and yielded 10x as much money. Your expectations are way out of proportion. It's been a week! this is a update today from kickstarters airteam, cant you make one in the same stil with that type of info? <url>"news" :) prototype* Short Prorotype video: <url>´s own homepage? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I wasn't worried, I was just acknowledging the fact that there is silence here, in contrast to the last 30 days' Soap Opera :) Alex fund make. So is time for soap working hard for us now And there was silence. @ Jonathan Huh? I pledged just like all others. Don't tell me just because I pledged lesser amount that I do not have right to post - be that positive or negative. And I said that I wish to be proven wrong so the product does do what the project portrait and I can buy one. What's so negative about that? If we ordered a touch and an essentials and decide to order only one battery for one of them, how will we chose which one the battery gets installed in? Not sure if any of this is on the table, but what the hell, 2 requests: 1. 802.3ad link aggregation for those of us hooking up NAS devices, etc? 2. Something similar to Unifi's zero handoff roaming for those of us who bought a multiple kit? @Dennis, be positive of please don't post! Its done, these nothing we can do about it so as a backer I'd appreciate if everything stays positive and productive. What kernel level security are you enabling by default? Any chance there is talks of using grsecurity? Well it's funded. Let's hope they can prove me wrong so I can order one. Heh This user's account has been deleted. thanks for the fast update I added 129$ to my pledge before it ended. How can this be translated to my no rope and battery add-on? This user's account has been deleted. Congratulation. Can't wait to get my hands on the finished product and test it out. It sounds like a great piece of kit. When will Backerkit be active . This user's account has been deleted. Congratulation :) Congrats! =) I changed it with 7 seconds to go. Congrats on successful funding campaign @Soap! I hopefully have now pledged for the Extreme secret deal (2 Touch units) added $160.00 on top for 2 batteries in touch units plus thru in an extra Essentials unit for good measure. @Soap please verify the above for me. Gratz on being funded! and soo close to battery! :P Congrats on funding! Congrats on a successful funding. @Soap HELP! 16 hours ago I changed my pledge to extreme secret plus 2 batteries for &370. My pledge shows $140 again on my KS page. Please check quickly so I can correct it if necessary!!!!! add extra soap essential $60.00 look like time is running out. Hope we can hit 150k for next goal. (add extra soap essential for your home media ) Good luck guys. Thanks a lot for the reply. Added the pledge for the batt to be added to my unit. I have a question regarding the email sent today. Quote: The Soap Without the Rope add-on This is awesome and removes the need for a Ethernet plug into Soap. It plugs into your modem or internet source and then will beam the data wireless to you Soap device this transmits at up to 2 GB/S and really takes your device to the next level. Just add +79 dollars to any pledge level. 802.11AC 5g, Power Adapter, Ethernet and SWOR add-on! Does this means by adding 79, I get no rope + external 802.11AC router? @Soap thanks. @soap In for a $60 July Essentials which says nothing about beta testing. Are these going to be subject to the swap out? Also, if I double my pledge to get two units, can I specify that one comes from later batch? Thanks. Fast tracking have something to do with San Jose? maybe someone will suprise us with 10k at the end and get that battery add-on for free :P This user's account has been deleted. Good morning soap. Keep up to good work and keep us informed. Good morning. The end is near. I have stuck with you guys since the beginning and have read all the comments, both positive and negative, and I do hope you guys keep your heads up and succeed in this venture. Please keep the backers updated regularly. Thanks! Morning :) from your previous update, any chance you elaborate further on the The Soap Without the Rope add-on and internal battery. That is something definitely I am looking forward to add on Said by Soap "We will be using a hardware switch/router so the whole management/physical layer will be covered by dedicated IC. Generally, low level communication (status, control commands, etc) between android and hardware (with ICs) will be done using SPI UART or something similar We will be using a custom driver with libraries that we have tailored to allow apps the ability to talk to our new hardware." Do you have a prototype of this you can show? Good luck with the project. It's a great idea. If there was a prototype available, I would have backed it 100%. Unfortunately, there isn't.. And while it may look great on paper, building it will require a lot more time and resources. yeah, I'm sticking to it, even dough as a software engineer, I can highly attest that their timeline is more than messed up (at least from the software pov). Good luck to us all. @soap how do you plan to handle the internal battery addon? You mentioned before that the charge components weren't present, so would you be adding a daughter board or what? In mostly curious if this addon could be purchased and installed late by the end user or not. This user's account has been deleted. So say we all No fracking idea What are you going to do? Stay in or pull out? This thing already has so many things it needs to get through. 1. FCC tests and certification 2. Android, mobile apps 3. Router work 4. GUI work 5. At least one PCB design revision, probably several given how much action is on this board 6. Miscellaneous issues, supply problems, fabrication issues Just the natural teething problems on the horizon for a project of this nature. I have the same feeling. I really want to believe... I really do. There's just this nagging feeling that I get every time I visit this page. I think it really would have been better for you all to wait another month or two to finalize everything and come to KS with a more polished and solid prototype both from a hardware and software standpoint. Let's face it... This thing will come down to software. Nobody's going sit or stand in front of there router for hours and use it like a computer... Therefore the way we interact with it boils down to the software access whether that be web based, Android, iOS, etc and you haven't shown or completed any of that as yet. The videos were cool to an extent but they did leave much up to the viewers imaginations. I really really like this project's ideas and promise. I wish I felt a bit more at ease about it. I know that there's the possibility of refund but Kickstarter doesn't guarantee that. Which I feel is one of the flaws of KS. I think there needs to be a more hands on approach to KS.... So it's more accountable to the backers and isn't just a marketplace, roadshow type of field for people to bring out their wares like in the old days where you'd get genuinely good things, but also you could get burned by snake oil salesmen. Projects like these are so hard to judge. I think you all can do it... But I have a feeling it's going to take a longer time than you expect it will. I love your video shiwing your Soap controlling the blender with a WeMo. Is that Almonds I see?? Or maybe Almond+? I've decided to get two soap essentials, but how do I do that without switching pledges? Ok, sounds good. Just wanted to see how you guys did some of the more *basic* parts of the project. I, too, am interested to see the answers to MrOwen's questions. Any sort of eta on getting the information required to answer my questions Soap? I realize it might take a little longer since you might need to consult with other people for this. @Soap any draw back from not teaming with them? What does that change for you? @MrOwen @Soap Thanks for the clarification. I must have missed it. I had never heard of Droidifi, looked at the updates and saw the contradiction. Thanks again for clearing that up. My apologies. +1 on Chris, laptop PSU style is the design that make the most sens to me. *literally addressed @Flatlander, they have literally address that question countless times. Look back in the comments and I think it may have even been in an update. Hai Qi Li nailed it. I have dozens of other things plugged up where this will go. The smaller the power plug the better. If it absolutely must have a brick, go the laptop route and have a three prong plug go into the brick, then the brick feeds into the device. Power warts just shouldn't happen anymore. @Soap A few days after you posted the update that you were partnering with Droidifi, Droidifi released an update that said they had "no agreement or intention of working with [you]". Any comment to this? Thanks <url>"features" thousands of very smart people around the world are trying hard to protect users from. This user's account has been deleted. If we reach 150k will we have anything more? Sorry guys but at the end im just going to pull my pledge $150 risk for all the drama and so called scam this was its not worth it. this is the first time ever that i pulled out last min good luck to all backers i really love the product and will buy it retail for sure but kickstater is full of new products everyday and a few only have you thinking scam or not. i really dont think its a scam but i have that question in the back of my mind @Soap In update #22 you say you have placed an order for PCB's. How can you do this if the circuit design is not finalized? @Soap why do you think the battery would be good for? You guys might want to have some backer rewards that aren't limited. Mathematically, there was no way you could have reached some of the higher stretch goals given the limited inventory of rewards. @Soap Sorry guys, I am out. I do think you have good intentions, and that this is not a scam the way it was portrayed early on. I also like the idea, and wanted to get this router. My main concern was the team that was behind it, and I just cannot build any confidence, given the answers I have received. While you are usually very quick to reply to hardware requests affirmatively, you ignored all of my questions about the advertised features you have on your main screen. You gave conflicting answers (which I definitely can forgive), but worse, you said you had features that I *know* are impossible to implement. I wish the best of luck to you and your backers. Are you guys planning on Linux support (ie: openwrt, etc), or are you only planning to support Android at this point? Do we get something if we reach 150k? since the battery is not a goal anymore? Soap Only 16hrs left, Then all the work begins. Keep those updates coming over the following months. Looking forward to receaving our rewards. Just changed my pledge to the EXTREME secret two touch reward and added $100 for batteries in both. Is this correct Creator? Can anyone here give me a few reasons why the battery would be useful on the touch? Great, thank you for the fast response. I am sorry if this has already been answered reading 1400+ comments to find this seemed a bit much. On the first soap touch early adopters for 150 the description says essentials, is this a misprint or do I need to change my level? Thanks Thanks for the update just wanted to double check I can add battery backup via backer kit later? as the boss (my wife) cut me off at 150 bucks atm lol. Just wanna say that after a few days of reflection... I just felted in love with the idea of soap. You guys seems to be in good direction to make it a sucess. I want to add that against all the oposition you guys went trough for that project, you keeped your calm and always act nicely to the backers and to the bad comment over the web. And no I'm not payed to say that, in fact I PAYED to say it ;). Keep it up only 17h to go. Thanks @Soap can we add options after campaign? I am out of amazon funds... @Soap, I posted this on your latest update, but I'm reposting it here in case you don't see it there. @Soap Unless I'm missing something, isn't it cheaper to just use a Soap Essentials as a wireless bridge of sorts instead of the Soap without rope add on? It's only $60 to add on an Essentials to your pledge and then you get even more features than just the wireless connection... @Soap So you have a client for iOS (iPhone, iPad) and non-rooted Androids that can stream the users screen all the time from the background? @soap this is the best explanation for the spymode... Simply awesome! @Soap Thanks for the clarification. How will the mirror function work? Mark yes that's what I saw too. Maybe that can just confirm again. They stated afterward that it absolutely will require software on the other end. The remark about a no software version wasn't from Alex I'm pretty sure. Now I see.. Then +1 on more info about the spy mode. @Jonathan Yes, I saw the "small piece of software" comment. They also said that they had limited success without any software -- this is what I'm looking for more info on. If software agent is the only option, this limits what it could be used on. In another comment, Soap said it is "not a live stream more of a text update." The promotion video shows screens. The feature is either not being communicated effectively or hasn't been fully designed but marketed as such. I'm hoping the former based on the answer from Soap. @Flatlander as for the ninja spy take a look in the comment, question was already answered. @Soap Will the mirror function use Miracast? If not, what? Also, how will Ninja Spy work? Will you have to install a piece of software on the computer screen? I'm just trying to wrap my head around how technically you plan to do this. Thanks for answering my questions. @Soap is the plan still to allow the swap for the "early adopter" pledges? This user's account has been deleted. @Soap How are you planning to install Google Play since you say SoapOS will support it? To officially have it, you have to have a Mobile Application Distribution Agreement (MADA) signed with Google @Jan... Sorry but where have you been saying that kind of s*** over here... I mean sorry but open your eyes and check the description of the project. What happened to the optical audio jack as a 125k stretch goal? That was kind of the point about the whole project for me since it would have been a media server as well with that. Why did it vanish without any comment? Will there be an optical audio out? I changed my pledge to the early release option. I'm counting on you. Let's make this work. @Soap As of now you have my trust. I think you guys are awesome and honest person. I do hope my socks will get knocked off ;-). As for the test run your are doing is it for the 175$ testers? I can wait to put my hands on soap. @David Right? I know I'm thinking the same as you! Do torn... For sure I'll keep my eyes open for the next 24h. @Soap if you have any additional information about the project and any delay please keep us updated during the last 20h. @soap test run = 175 pledge? ;-) This user's account has been deleted. is Google Play support Guaranteed? will this effectively let me store bough media from Google on this device and stream it to Chromecasts around my home? This user's account has been deleted. @soap yes that is good as add-on maybe someone interesting. What is no rope? Sorry I never have time do research what it is for. OK I'm back on. I'm so torn...you guys better know what you're doing. Do you have "the display" picked out yet. Specs I would appreciate the battery backup. So I vote for adding them as backerkit upgrades. Will you guys have 2.4GHz Wifi as well? or just 5GHz 11ac? Hi Soap, I've just notice my pledge says as following, "Pledge $150 or more You selected 93 backers All gone! SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS: Be one of the 100 lucky people to get the Soap Essentials Device for 50 dollars off of the retail pricing. FREE USA SHIPPING! Estimated delivery: Jul 2014 Add $35 USD to ship outside the US" Can you clarify what I'm pledging is a SOAP Essential or a SOAP Touch? I'm a little bit confused by your description. Thanks I noticed no Insteon chip was listed on your parts order. I'm not trying to imply anything, I'm just curious if it was an oversight or if there's a bit of a delay getting them. On a similar subject, I was also wondering if you have already spoken with Insteon about using their chip in your routers. I could be wrong, but I believe you would be the first company to include their chip in a device other than their own PLM or Hub. It could just be because no one has tried since their offerings are pretty easily adaptable to most devices. I just wanted to make sure there aren't any unforeseen issues with their certification. @Soap completely agreed. No need to visit the same question a thousand times. Loved the update. Best of luck to you and us in the last few hours! @SOAP I agree. It has been asked and answered. @Soap, you did post this: <url>#comment-6234336 Earlier, you had posted this: <url>#comment-6231475 @soap about your last update. Can you tell us how many kit you bought? @Erik Tijburg, David Ferrey, Mansoor Seikh. When you are talking about HW changes with the almond+, keep in mind the last change they made was more than 10 months ago. Recently they had to make a small modification after they failed a certification. Why bother with a camera when most cell phone cameras are 1.2+ MP nowadays @Mark impossible Hi @Erik, I realize that your intentions are good, and we are indeed all in the same boat. You did say that your experience with networking knowledge is better than 95% of the backers here. As a security engineer, perhaps you can comment then as to how you think they managed to stream the screen of every computer on the network, without installing any code in them (though they won't release this version of the code due to privacy concerns). A question, among others, I'm waiting to be answered. +1 Erick @Erik I believe everyone on KS pledges projects with same intention as you do, you may think otherwise but that's up to you. If one had to buy stuff from the shelf, they would go to Amazon/Newegg or some other place, not come to KS. I guess you didn't get my point, I'm just trying to say that setting right expectation from now itself will keep the backers happy and for a project of this complex nature, completing development and production in 3 months seems to good to be true but we'll see how it goes :) On other note: eagerly waiting for the update... @Seyha I'm not sure what you were trying to say there. I m agree with u Erik. This is kick start, it is not products we buy off shell. It is more rise from buy from store. I got all panicky when I realized I forgot to check in on comments for this today haha. looking forward to the update. @SOAP to me that would be a huge improvement over almost every project on KS. Once projects get paid there always seems to be less and less communication with backers. I like the amount of communication that SOAP is doing as long as it is not taking anyone way from actually working on the development of the device or business operations. @Mansoor @David @Jason Just to put things into how I perceive backing a project on KickStarter. I have Pledged money to someone to help them bring a project that they have proposed to market. I realize that there is risk in doing that. I see so many posts on the comments sections on KS that drive me crazy, cause people feel like they are buying something the is sitting on a shelf or is ready to ship. If you read the KS T&C that is not allowed on KS. I have to agree that there was a lot of total drama a this project over the past few weeks and to be honest it has made me feel even stronger about backing these guys. I have been a very high level network and security engineer for over 20 years. I understand what these guys are trying to do prob better than 95% of the backers. I seen anything on this project that makes me feel like what happened on Almond+. I have not seen anywhere near the feature creep or HW changes that we saw with Almond+. I am not trying to attack anyone here and I know you guys want lots of answers, but can we give these guys some breathing room to finish out the campaign. Since the KS review and the last few updates I think they have addressed the major issues enough to believe that they will deliver a product. Will they be able to keep to the schedule, prob not, but having worked in IT and Product development I can tell you that almost never happens in the real world. I have seen huge companies with tons and tons of resources miss most deadlines, but to me delivering a Complete polished product in July is not why I backed the project. I back a project because I believe in the vision that creator has. New product development is not easy. If it was we would all be doing it. I'm just saying that we give these guys some breathing room and let them concentrate on the project and not constantly beat on these guy. If you don't believe in the project by now your just making noise to make noise. I just feel the constant threats to pull out of backing them is a little childish. Just my 2c Erik Odd that it's harder to be a $1 "Thank You" supporter than a "SUPER EARLY ADOPTER". Just switched my pledge from the Touch Super Early Adopter (July '14) level to $1, just so I can keep up with what happens on this project. @Mansoor I totally agree with you. This whole project has an off vibe that's making me more and more uncomfortable. I still have ~2 days to make a final decision, but right now Soap just doesn't pass the sniff test. @Eric I agree with poor management on Almond+ and hardware changes and feature creep at last minute (with good intentions) but I guess now time will tell us how it goes with Soap. Lets keep our fingers crossed. Just to give an example: @Soap team said last night "Thank you Kalus. Your answer will be there when you awake.", I'm sure Kalus is awake and waiting for response now :) In morning, they say, response will be included in update. My point is just don't set wrong expectation that can lead to frustration. @Erik - You've been paying attention here? :) My concerns are the same as Mansoor's as what your describing with Securifi is exactly what's been going on the past month with Soap. Changing requirements, scope creep. I've been an IT PM for many years, I fully understand what's going on and how difficult it is to manage it. No, the Almond+ project delays aren't directly impacting Soap, but the reasons behind them are applicable and should be a concern to everyone (including Soap). @Mansoor Part of the issue at Securifi with the Almond+ is they kept changing the requirements all the way up to Dec of last year even after they had passed all original delivery dates. They also allowed feature creep to take over and just kept adding and changing things. I am a early backer of the Almond+ as well. To be honest they have not managed that project very well but to put the Almond+ project delay on SOAP is just not fair. Not that I don't trust Soap team with their ability to deliver but I highly doubt that they will be able to deliver in July to any backers (Super early/Early Release Unit backers), what do you guys think? Almond+/Securify who already had a router product in the market has taken more than a year to develop Almond+ and they are still working on certification etc. and just few weeks ago started sending delivery to beta backers. @Soap is promising a lot more features than Almond+ and delivery in 3-4 months. I think its time Soap team should give more realistic timeline if they don't want frustrated backers. Will the Essentials and the Touch use the same pc board? At one time the stretch goals were at different levels for the devices to get upgraded WiFi chips. This would mean developing two boards and maintaining two versions of the Soap OS. Looking forward for today update. What did your patent attorney determine on the Almond+ touchscreen router patents? <url>#comment-6096968 Hello, I currently have an ISY controller for my home automation. Will this serve the same function and will it come with everything necessary to connect to my current Insteon and Z-Wave devices? Your project look great. I've been looking for an all-in-one device like this and will be interested in seeing your product evolve. Regards, Mobile Design Labs @soap yes I know and use Tasker on my phone. For sure I know you could automate thing on Android. I didn't know that it does automation for Zwave? Does he? I'm going to bed anyway to. Plan you update for tomorrow. See you in the morning. @Soap you could take some hours, i need to go to bed...thank you @soap about the sweep for zwave. How about the security of zwave and another user come with a soap and scan for my lock? Also about the scene function implemented right now? Would the scene function work with nest thermostat? @Soap I am looking forward to the update tomorrow... I fear we would not reach the battery-stretch-goal, but i suggest using a LiPo which is already available in high quantity because a battery of a popular device (big-brand tablet, notebook or bigsmartphone) have a great availability and chargers support (gives the opportunity to omit charging circuit at soap and support only mains power fail backup via simple diode). About the 4 antennas: Using PCB-soldered SMA connectors could be a problem. I suggest using 4 tiny pigtail connectors on the PCB. You could connect 4 pcb antennas inside as default and if someone want external antennas there will be breakout-holes prepared in the housing to place SMA to pigtail adaptors (and disconnecting the internal antennas). I think you have already considered a propably disturbing shielding by the display of the touch, because you have placed the RF-Modules to the PCB edges, didn't you ? Btw could you tell me more about the camera (planned resolution, quality) to be added at the touch ? @Soap - You mentioned about settings not being erased upon power down. I think the prospect of having an internal battery is more useful in being able to communicate with your locks, etc in the event of a power outage. I would have thought that settings would be kept in Non-volatile RAM or something equivalent. Right now I feel like Fox Mulder... "I want to believe" Can't wait to get this thing! I think it will make a great addition to my home @backers: if you owe a SLR camera or your into photography please check out the Flekt project on KS right now Hi @soap, congrats on the recent news that you'll be able to get the parts! You guys must be busy, but I (along with others) am waiting for a few answers about some features you posted on your homepage. I'm rewriting them here for convenience: 1. (re Ninja) I'm fine with the rebranding, but a honeypot system doesn't "trap" users. At best, it logs their IP. What type of honeypot is it? Do you open another SSID, and log users that are connected to it? There is nothing illegal about connecting to an open SSID. What's the use case of the ninja? What is a user supposed to do with that? 2. (re Spy) You first said "you can view websites accessed and such but it's not a live stream more of a text update". But then, you suggested that you have a technology that can stream the screen of every user in the network, without installing anything on their computer, but that you choose not to make it available for privacy concerns? To the best of your knowledge, are there any other products in the world that uses this technology? How did you manage to receive a stream from these computers? 3. (re Astringant [sic]) Can you tell me how you manage to block ads on HTTPS traffic, if the entire traffic is encrypted at the client and the server? The reason why HTTPS exists is so that you can't do these kinds of things, which are called man-in-the-middle attacks. Okay, I saw the videos. Is there an ambient light sensor and/or proximity sensor built-into the unit? I'm certainly waiting. I want this to succeed and would love to continue as is. Time will tell @Ryan you're not even waiting for tomorrow's update? @Soap I'm sorry, but I'm dropping out. Just too many things the past couple weeks and unknowns for me. I truly hope you succeed!! I work too hard for my money to risk it at this stage. Know that if it comes to retail I will happily buy the product. I think it's a great idea. Sorry Where can I find the videos? Haven't seen any of the videos yet. @soap make good update maybe can hit 150k goal to have internal battery yea Will be very interesting last hours how number will change @Soap I think its time for a last update before the end of the funding campain. Saying where you're at, whats left to be done etc. Can you discuss in detail these meetings? Have you been able to negotiate prices for the chipset, zwave, zigbee, display screen, etc? Good news. How about the pcb board? Is it shipped/ordered yet? This user's account has been deleted. That is great news. Seems like you guys have turned the media relations corner and have managed to start getting moving on the real work. Don't let the naysayers slow you down. As a regular KS Backer for tech and design projects, I had a good feeling about this project from the start. FYI sent you guys an email a while back with some ideas on the IP routing side. @Soap: I'm dropping my pledge, because you guys have not given me the confidence this product will reach the dizzy ambitions you guys have. I wish you guys all the success. When you bring this to market, I'll buy it at full price. There's a video of the working prototype? I'm with David on that. I'd love to keep the fait in that awsome idea of soap, but I'm kind of worry again about the final HW and board order. Also you talked about a big router compagny that was helping you. Any idea of date when we could ear the name if this company? Thanks @soap. I'd love to stop by, let me know the address. Meeting everyone would be immensely helpful. Please understand why I'm cautious when you say boards will be arriving in a few weeks and to the best of my knowledge the final HW specs aren't complete, no contract signed on final design and build out. I want to support a local business, I really do. Help me :) @Soap, Can you explain the spymode again? Can we watch the computer (windows, mac, linux) and devices (android, iOS) screens directly on the Soap Touch screen without installing additional software on those computers/devices? Thanks @David I am feeling the same way. I am leaning toward dropping also on my Essential. I believe all the intentions are good, but the design is way to immature to be fully successful. I am not that worried about the software... you can always flash/upgrade that. The issue is that hardware and how solid it will be when we are 4 months from delivery, and the final design isn't even laid out. I wish the team the best of luck. I will keep watching, too, over the next few days, but right now I am not fully convinced. At this point I'm leaning towards dropping out and waiting for product release. There are simply to many unknowns. I honestly don't think you've reached the proof of concept point yet. I think you're still in the "wouldn't it awesome if" phase. I look at the Securifi and their Almond+ project which still isn't ready and they have an ongoing business with their original Almond to learn and leverage. They have a supply chain, they have firmware, driver and software experience. Soap has none of that. To the best of my knowledge, your intentions are sincere and I wish you luck as I will be watching in the event you do succeed and will be delighted to purchase. As of now, however, I am concerned my pledge will not be money well spent. I'm not sure what can change in the next couple of days, but I'll keep watching. Sorry but again I need to know how you paired the zwave device on your soap demo? Awesome, thanks. I'm currently pledged to receive 1 soap essentials, can I simply double my pledge to receive 2? There are so many comments, can anyone confirm you could use a soap essentials as a wifi extender with another soap essentials? Daniel about 18 hours ago @Soap, what are you going to do on Monday, March 24th? Daniel about 18 hours ago @Soap, after project is funded... How frequent will you be updating backers with the progress of Soap? @soap just want to be clear can Soap Essentials use as wifi extender connect to soap touch? I read many comment below but just not so sure about it Basicly, you paired a light bulb with your soap trough a z-wave developper chipset but how did you paired them together? @Soap Ok but how did you paired the z-wave device in the demo? You just installed apps? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks johnathan. Cool if Soap Essentials can use as wifi extender than I will get 2 of Soap Essentials is better @Seyha take a look in the comment a little bellow you'll find some info about the "Essentials" being a wifi extender. Other question can Soap Essentials connect to soap touch as wifi extend? @soap I m now interesting with Soap Essentials as my home media center just want to be sure when I connect Soap Essentials to my tv. The iPhone app can control soap to open YouTube and run android stuff? @Soap I know you guys should be pretty busy right now. But thats one important question for me as for the "automation" system is pretty much everything for me, the router side of soap is an extra for me. @Soap I second Jonathan's question, I didnt even think about that with my z-wave stuff as I set it up so long ago. @Soap I'm wondering, how did you guys paired the zwave and zibgee device in the demo video? Usually like in micasaverde it requires the router to have a battery, to come in range with the device to pair it. If soap dosen't get a battery how do you plan of doing that? @Soap - Guys have you seen the new project LILA? - is this something that could be compatible with SOAP without the need to purchase the optional LILA Hub? @Soap: you might get some more views if you connect facebook! @soap Why am I wrong? Did you not just write below "you can view websites accessed and such but it's not a live stream more of a text update"?! I didn't even make a statement, I simply asked a question? In addition to the previous questions though, I'm really interested in your very last statement. You are saying that you have a technology that can stream the screen of every user in the network, without installing anything on their computer, but you choose not to make it available for privacy concerns? To the best of your knowledge, are there any other products in the world that uses this technology? How did you manage to receive a stream from these computers? @Soap I think its great that you need to install a small piece of software into each device. Otherwise it would be a massive violation a lot of privacy, say in a shared house situation, if simply by someone connecting to the router you can see exactly what they're doing live. Can you let me know whether with soap essentials, we can use spymode via our mobile devices? Also, how do we install said Spymode software if we want to stream from a closed system like iOS? @soap Thank you for clarifying. I'm assuming that the Spymode allows streaming of PC/Mac computers connected to the system. Can you also stream iOS/Android that are connected to the system? Also, with the Soap Essentials, can you see the stream through an iPhone/Android app? @Soap - I was first attracted to this project because of Spymode. Mark is absolutely right - I was under the impression that it will be a screen stream of the other devices on the network. Sorry guys, too much drama for yo mama. I wish you the best with your endeavor and hope that Soap becomes a reality for you and your backers. If you were really interested in working with those projects you could have Contacted them through PM. Posting on the comments is advertisement. Please take care of your backers first as I worry for them loosing their money. Then you can work on integration with others. I left this campaign 2 weeks back. I came back for posting. I am out again. @Soap Thanks for the answer. However, I'm not sure I'm satisfied with them: 1. I'm fine with the rebranding, but a honeypot system doesn't "trap" users. At best, it logs them. What type of honeypot is it? Do you open another SSID, and log users that are connected to it? There is nothing illegal about connecting to an open SSID. What's the use case of the ninja? What is a user supposed to do with that? 2. I don't quite understand your answer grammatically, but you say on your home page that "Through Soap, you can actually stream their screen over its touch display!". Is this not true then? 3. Can you tell me how you manage to block ads on HTTPS traffic, if the entire traffic is encrypted at the client and the server? The reason why HTTPS exists is so that you can't do these kinds of things, which are called man-in-the-middle attacks. @Soap, stop spamming other projects!! If the backers here want risk their money with your project it's fine. But, you as a creator spamming every project is reprehensible and childish. I need to check the shipping address in kickstater where can I find this? How about the testing pledge? 175$ would can we both unit in test and both unit at the end? At what price? @Soap Sweet! Thanks! @Soap To clarify, to add on 1 essentials to existing soap pledge, it's $80, followed by the 2nd essentials at $60? Or it's just $150 + $60 + $35(Shipping). Hi Soap, It's now been a day since I asked a few simple questions. While you were focusing on choosing the right color for the plastic casing, some people have serious questions and doubts about the project and the team. So could you please respond to these simple questions, about features that you advertised on your home page: 1. How does the "Ninja Flytrap" work? What does it mean for a hacker to be "trapped"? 2. For Soap Spy, how do you obtain a stream of all users' screen? Do you require a piece of software to be installed for this to work? 3. Does the Soap Astringent ad-blocker work with HTTPS traffic? Regards, M. @Soap how much should I add to my pledge to add on a Soap Essentials? There are $60, $70, $80, and $100 prices for the Soap Essentials. @soap, my questions were: Can you tell us where the device will be manufactured and assembled? Have the suppliers & teams you've "finalized" committed to the time frames you've published? Can clarify the role PiranhaEMS would play and answer the other question? Let me be clear, I don't expect (does anyone?) you to deliver on time. Heck, does anyone on Kickstarter deliver on time? But I'm trying to get a feel for how late. The clarity of your answers also help judge the ultimately viability of the project. @Soap, what are you going to do on Monday, March 24th? @Soap, after project is funded... How frequent will you be updating backers with the progress of Soap? @Soap - Looks like you missed the question from @David Ferrey, I'm also interested in knowing that. @Soap Great! So I'm currently pledged at $150 for a July Soap Touch, can I just add an amount to my pledge to add on the Essentials? Or do I need to select one of the combo packs? @Soap, so theoretically if I were to get both a Soap Touch and a Soap Essentials, could I connect the Essentials to my modem, and then use the Touch as a wireless bridge? The goal would be so that I could use the Touch wirelessly in another room. @Soap I've only just jumped on the bandwagon & I've managed to pledge $150 + $35(shipping) for a July slot. Would that mean I'm eligible for an Oct Swap? Thanks! Excited about this great product! I'm feeling lucky that I did not miss out on this. @soap have u see "MYO" it is very cool too. <url>"finalized" committed to the time frames you've published? This user's account has been deleted. The Hue uses Zigbee LL (Lightlink) while most other stuff uses Zigbee HA (Home Automation) For the color, Gun Metal all the way. It just looks like a high end color which matches the high end features of Soap. @Max - Philips Hue uses Zigbee, but the actual Zigbee mesh it uses isn't directly accessible by 3rd party products (at least to my knowledge). However, they do have an API. @Soap, as you wait for the Soap kickstarter campaign to end, what have you been doing in the meantime (besides answering comments questions) related to the project? @Soap.. this is not very important for now.. but would be an awesome feature to add. *Perhaps one day the OS will move to linux and then we can add in optware and install all the cool stuff that it has to offer.. :D kickstarter green would be a great color Have u see this ring yet soap? It is Bluetooth do u think that ring will work well with your soap, can control soap? Example like open apps <url>"saigon" whatsoever. I actually *want* this router. I think the points that I made were fair and unbiased, as any other reader can attest. The point about pastebin is well-taken (although admittedly in a childish argument). In my defense, I did say "supposedly". And the official statement by Droidify stands (with the dates). I do think however, that you should be more receptive to comments. Users have the right to have questions about features you advertise. A few other questions, if you please: 1. How does the "Ninja Flytrap" work? What does it mean for a hacker to be "trapped"? 2. For Soap Spy, how do you obtain a stream of all users' screen? Do you require a piece of software to be installed for this to work? 3. Does the Soap Astringent ad-blocker work with HTTPS traffic? Regards, M. @Mark as i know we where talking about 2.4 ghz a/b/g not only 5 ghz? @Max Who's still using devices that operate on 2.4ghz? I'd say most people. You've really upgraded every wireless device you own to 5ghz 802.11n? It's nice to have the newest standards for connectivity for your high-end devices, but I don't plan on upgrading something like my printer any time soon just to update its wireless standard. This user's account has been deleted. as long as Zigbee (philips Hue) and Zwave can do things and mabye admin login when flashing this on the router <url>´m happy :) C´mon guys stop this shit. I'm getting tried of listen to this from booth sides, yes we don't have enough valid information, but we a still many how hopes this is a good and real project. @Sairon I know it says "It is also 100% backward compatible with older 11a/b/g/n devices." but who in the world are still using it....! @Soap, I thought I won't engage in this discussion anymore, but you are obviously twisting the facts - the paste that @Mark Rodgers linked was linked by someone on hackaday few days ago: <url>#comment-1263716 Then, as you can see, the timestamp of the paste is from March 13th - two days before official statement of the Droidifi team, and says basically the same as their update: <url>"We are excited to announce that we have teamed up with Droidifi to aid us in this endeavor." By the way, now I'm posting this, I am interested in another question. As the Quantenna QAC2300 does not support 802.11b/g (AKA the "old device's" 2.4 GHz standard), what chipset would be used for this band? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @soap I am also a backer, and would like to have faith in you guys. However, there are two points on which we haven't gotten any updates: 1. What's the status on the involvement with Droidifi. You mentioned that using their OS would cut your development time by a few months, and yet, they mentioned publicly that they were not involved with you. There is also this supposed e-mail response: <url>"About Us":<url>"beta" units as early as July. I suspect you intend to learn a lot from these beta testers. And unless i am missing something, these intentions are based on a proposed design (see March 7th update) that you may or may not have received yet, and most likely have not had the opportunity to adequately test. (yes even PCB redesigns have potential risks of inadvertent heat exposure, increased shortage probability and a litany of other things that require testing. My second issue also revolves around testing. the 'Rablet" as listed will/is capable of running a lot of servers (samba i assume, apache, a "cloud" service, as well as the servers needed to control the zwave, zigbee etc, cron?) and whatever other servers a user might use. Personally I intend to run transmission & motion in addition to these other servers and use the Soapbox to replace my aged pogoplug. My last concern is over the "turning on the tv" claim So, My Questions are 1: Will the earliest receivers of units be afforded warranty against defects and other things not found because of the short testing period? 2:Have you tested the units running all the included servers, simultaneously? If, So can you provide cpu usage analysis? 3: Does the Soap box have an infrared port? Is controlling the TV a function of some external device controlled by the zigbee? Thank You for our time in addressing these questions and good luck! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Since Thomas brought up add-ons...I'm assuming these are what you intend to charge at retail. You can charge whatever you want, of course, but I thought I'd let you know from my point of view at least: 1. Insteon add-on: You can but a PLM with RF and powerline for $80 ($64 right now with current 20% off). Seems kind of odd to charge $90 for powerline only. 2. 1 TB Hard Drive - can get one for about $60 on Newegg. 3. Wireless Extender - $100 vs. $80 for an Essentials? 4. SSD - This depends on the exact model you're offering, but can get a cheapo for $65 and a pretty nice one for $85. Just food for thought. Sorry, I tried reading through all the comments to get the info I wanted, but it spans too long... XD My question will be, if our pledges does not reaches a certain goal to gain the extra free add-on, would you consider making it optional add-on (like the HDD) before shipping or in the future if the product goes main steam? This user's account has been deleted. Why do you guys keep on changing the heading? I was wondering what the hell a "Rablet" was supposed to be by the way. How practical is that?! LOL @Soap: Whatever happened with Droidifi? You said they were helping they said they weren't, what's up? What are the other KS project you are referring to? @Andrew, you're the exception... The majority is uninformed and thus they cause the most damage. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Andrew, I don't see how that's possible. There are many shape and size for batteries. Putting the wrong battery could fry the board. It would be unwise and irresponsible to allocate the space for it. It's like calling the uninformed to put one, and ending up frying it. This user's account has been deleted. And a friendly advice: please change the font you use in your marketing materials, it's making my eyes bleed. So before the campaign ends we won't see any working prototype? yes The clock is ticking. when will we be seeing a working prototype of the device and the software? If they're going to bother with reworking the PCB to add trickle charge components and physically accommodate the battery, they may as well include the battery as well. This is assuming we're talking about an emergency backup, not something that's going to let you use it as a tablet for a long period of time. Am I missing something, seems to me if they went to all the trouble to create the circuitry, software and battery holder they'd have said that in the description and the stretch goal money would be to insert the battery? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Andrew it's either UEFI or BIOS. Can't be both. This user's account has been deleted. -TPM for me, its only good with windows(pure HW), as i understand it runs software with android. Yeah, just don't loose time with unicorn blood ideas. This user's account has been deleted. No, I mean that people keep coming with "please add that and that and maybe also that". Trying to pack, or even loose time with speaking of fantasy ideas, is damaging to the project as it is: a smart router with android and home automation controllers. People keep asking for sound, and cameras, and hard drives and batteries and other fantasies. The range extender... can it be used similar to the proposed "Soap with no Rope"? I was very interested in that when it was brought up. I like the idea of being able to put Soap someplace more convenient, and connecting a different device to my actual cable modem. Am I the only one around here, who wants the initial announced product without all the bells and whistles? @yuzguc.. depends if they reach the goal.. lets help them get to the 200K so that they have more to work with.. and with the added battery of course Built in battery backup would be great, do we have any chance to get it? It is very essential for some places with micro power cuts due to unstable power grid or for short term power outage. Which chip will it be specifically? referring to the new update. @Soap, can you please edit your stretch goals to reflect the changes you made the last couple of days. E.g. the new chipset is part of Soap, not a stretch goal anymore? or am I mistaken? This user's account has been deleted. @Soap: Add-ons include a few hard-drives and an SSD - Will those of us with myriad drives laying about our homes be able to pop the case and add in a drive ourselves? What size/interface? Any limitations? @Soap your tagline indicates Soap will be a Home Media Server as well. What type of capabilities are you planning for this feature? Your project page says that Insteon is built in, is this NOT the case? Looking at the new add ons, I would have to PURCHASE something that you said is included. C'mon guys.......really?? This user's account has been deleted. I'm back on the Soap train with a raise to $200. I want this to happen, and we all know how kickstarter works. So let's just keep the faith. This user's account has been deleted. I agree. Android has enough bloatware as it is. And I see this as a simple solution to be built by a 3rd party, not soap, as a standalone application. Or even easier: build a server on your computer that adds the ads, and route all traffic through that proxy. This user's account has been deleted. Andrew .. isn't this line of thought rapidly heading out of the immediate territory of this project? There is a big difference between a home network router and a public income generating wifi hotspot - what percentage of users will want this?. What Ad-networks are going to spend time/revenue partnering on getting this going without hardware even yet manufactured? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Any change we could get more media features too? Maybe even as a backerkit add-on. 1.) Ability to record Digital TV through usb, onboard chip, or HDHomeRunHD. 2.) Ability to run Plex media center 3.) Hardware video transcoding chip 4.) Ability to access media content through a Roku or AppleTV device I did not see anything announced yet about the wifi range of the device. The cpu you mention has one pcie lane. I assume you hook up the qac2300 via pcie. Also there's the mpcie slot and the pcie to usb3. What kind of magic am i failing to recognize here. Even if the qac2300 is connected via rgmii it doesn't seem to make sense... @Soap - I have a question that I know may be difficult to answer but I am going to ask it with hope of an answer to make me pledge for an early adopter on the Touch. I am currently a backer of the Almond+ and while it's a promising device your offering intrigues me due to larger screen and all the radios imaginable. My question for your is two parts. (1) As an expert in this field and besides the touch screen and android software, how does your device compare from your point of view? (2) The Almond+ was slated for a specific delivery date which they still have yet to meet and it appears they are close to delivery but that delivery is going to be 7 months later than planned. Should I back the Touch July 2014 early adopter pledge do you foresee anything that could delay that delivery date? I apologize for mentioning a competing product on your forum but my intention is to back your product based on the answers to the above. I am also sure others who backed the above mentioned product would be more likely to as well based on your answers. Thank you in advance for your response. @Soap: Your add-on ext extender silhouette looks like the Amped wireless extender, is that what you are planning to ship? <url>— same footprint can support dual-lite and quad versions: Quad-core Cortex A9 CPU with NEON FPU @ 1.2 GHz Vivante GC2000 OpenGL ES2.0 GPU, 200Mtri/s, 1Gpix/s (*) NDA-free datasheet and programming manual Internal memory: Boot from microSD firmware 64-bit, DDR3-1066 SO-DIMM, upgradable to 4GB SATA-II (3Gbps) Internal ports & sensors: mini PCI-express slot (for wifi, bluetooth, mobile data, etc.) UIM slot for mPCIx mobile data cards Dual-channel LVDS LCD connector (up to QXGA (2048×1536) @ 60Hz resolution) with USB2.0 side-channel for a display-side camera Resistive touchscreen controller (note: captouch displays typically come with a controller) 1.1W, 8-ohm internal speaker connectors 2x USB2.0 internal connectors for keyboard and mouse/trackpad Digital microphone 3-axis accelerometer header for optional AW-NU137 wifi module (*) 3x internal UART ports External ports: HDMI SD card reader headphone + mic port (compatible with most mobile phone headsets, supports sensing in-line cable buttons) 2x USB 2.0 ports, supporting high-current (1.5A) device charging 1Gbit ethernet Fun features: 100 Mbit ethernet — dual Ethernet capability allows laptop to be used as an in-line packet filter or router USB OTG — enables laptop to spoof/fuzz ethernet, serial, etc. over USB via gadget interface to other USB hosts Utility serial EEPROM — for storing crash logs and other bits of handy data Spartan-6 CSG324-packaged FPGA — has several interfaces to the CPU, including a 2Gbit/s (peak) RAM-like bus — for your bitcoin mining needs. Or whatever else you might want to toss in an FPGA. High-speed I/O expansion header (new to PVT version, different from photos above) Alright, I'll try again. on the home page I rerad "Current State of our custom PCB" and the only thing being modules is probably bluetooth and zigbee. here in the comments you're talking about pre-made modules to avoid lots of certification process etc. what would be a real step forward would be real specs - some real chip names, which we can go and read details about. I can't believe it's my mistake to believe we have nothing but general descriptions. srsly, wtf? just an idea, but wouldn’t the best idea be the get KS to restart SOAP and the take from the beginning with good information of cost and so on to convinces all them how’s thinking about dropping the plea to 1$ the last day and aim for a higher goal :) would only like to see the best thing for SOAP. :) That is crazy. This seems like a good time to get away from Droidifi anyway. Please keep us updated regardless, cause any change from what you've already stated could impact the project. Thanks you - I actually tried searching kickstarter, typing droid then stopped as it didn't show up? Typing the whole name did :) Thanks for the link @Soap - I'm also interested in understanding where the disconnect is. It's on their kickstarter page: <url>"The Soap router team contacted us last week about their project to see if we could help them, but we have no agreement with Soap to use the Droidifi OS or any part of it and did not authorize them to use or name our project to promote theirs. We wish the Soap team success in their endeavors but we currently have no agreement or intention of working with Soap." The update #6 Q & A includes: "Have you done a BoM? Licensing? Certificates? We are using modular components that already have certification and licensing, we have a Build of Materials finished for now, some things may change going into final production depending on cost and availability." Can you tell us which Zigbee Z-Wave Insteon Bluetooth 4.0 RFID/NFC pre-certified modules you will be using? This user's account has been deleted. How about RHAblet R (outer) HA (Home Automation blet Awesome to hear, really looking forward to getting this device in my hands to tinker with! @SOAP Will this have a open bootloader so will be able to run custom Kernel sources and recoveries such as TWRP? also will you be using a Open API so other devs can assist in building upon the features that will exist? @Soap, on the Home page it says: "Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth 4.0, RFID/NFC built in" I interpret this as Soap will have an Insteon radio but the home page also says "Insteon- This requires no hardware changes but will have to be approved by Insteon" So will Soap include an Insteon radio and/or powerline interface or will it require the user to purchase extra hardware to use Insteon devices? If it's included will the components be built into the main board or on an expansion board? If an expansion board, what communications will be used between the main board and the expansion board? Great Project guys! I am excited for the soap device! @Creator Thanks for detailed answer. Since I already have a router I plan to use soap as a wifi bridge/range extender at the opposite side of my home. At my environment this is also the better place for reaching the home automation devices. At that location i would also connect at least 2 ethernetdevices by wired LAN. Is this possible with soap too ? Btw currently I am in for the essential device, but I am not sure to grade up to the touch. Could you give us practical examples where the touch gives it advantages ? Maybe some is obvious, but I am sure there will be some non obvious cools... Yep. +1 for better Wifi Chipset vs. optical cable @Jeff... yay to another programmer .. @Soap.. the more help the better. Crowdsourcing talents that are able to help can greatly improve the product. This user's account has been deleted. Another +1 for the better WiFi chipset Why the sudden change of heart? Not trolling, just curious. This user's account has been deleted. @Jeff, is this another riddle?!? @jeff ? This user's account has been deleted. I also prefer the advanced ac chipset to the optical audio out. +X for better wifi than audio Question: I've pledged for super early adopter essentials (60$). I am from Romania. When you will ship in (hopefully) in July, will I get the hardware for EU? All it's the same device for everyone? (meaning Insteon and Zwave will run on EU regulated frequencies? +1 better wifi chipset, much more uses than an optical port for me at least @Creator How would you implement the localization (different RF bands) of the Z-Wave and Insteon technologies, by pcb placement-variant (batch delays ?), hardware- or software-switch/jumper ? Doubtless a sophisticated wifi chipset would be more useful than an optical audio output. But as i got it right, it delays the hardware by about 2 months and there was mentioned a non-estimated software (and therefore function) delay. Is the estimated benefit of the strechgoal wifi chipset versus the actual promoted/prototyped/working wifi chipset that worth ? I 2nd Kevin's post. IMO, it's not the time to think about the "add on". Right now what's most important is getting Soap off the ground... The "add on" can be brought after Soap is shipped.. a router needs better wifi over an optical audio connection, assuming some audio can be transmitted over HDMI-out for media purposes. @Soap, please detail your plans for providing what very well could be an enormous amount of product tech support after your device ships. Will you be providing a detailed manual? Will you have a full time staff available for answering questions? Will you have "Live" support in real time via chat or other means? What procedures will you have in place for identifying issues to determine potential larger design problems? Have any of you provided direct consumer level technical support before to know what you are trying to undertake? Please also provide some type of feedback to the other questions I asked from yesterday. Its extremely disconcerting (and a bit frustrating to say the least) that questions about technical details are being asked not just by me, but others too, and having them completely skipped over by your "team" and we're not even having real issues with your device yet. You're asking many of us to believe and have trust in your design, your device, and in your commitment to seeing this successfully through. Time is quickly running out for this campaign and the fund raising has all but stalled this last week -obviously. I'm not sure what the current betting is on the over/under, but at this point ignoring technical questions posed by your backers about the current design as it is now and speculating on stretch goals and "extras" - hell - this project is most likely going to loose a lot of us who would otherwise love to see something exactly like this come to market and pull our individual funding on the last day because we're not convinced yet and then nothing will get funded. Sad. +1 For better wifi rather than optical. Also would love to have some NAS options, such as 4x USB3 ports, or 2x Sata ports +1 for the better chipset. It's preferable compared to optical audio... +! for the second gen wifi chipset. Could care less about the audio.... This user's account has been deleted. +4 I would rather have the better WiFi than the optical.. if the price differences aren't too high. Make that 3, lose the optical and get the better WiFi. Blake, I and agree with that too. I never use optical audio at all. Am I missing something regarding the benefits of having an optical audio cable on this device? What's the point? I would much rather have a better WiFi chipset on a device thats sole real duty is WiFi as a lower stretch goal. I can't be alone in this. Is the router powerful enough to also run 5-7 HDD true USB 3 hub to function as a media server with steaming 1980 or 2560? Or shall I use an extra router just for this? Let's practice vision exercising instead of delusion advertising. It's better to talk about a soap everyone should get instead of a soap nobody wants to have. James Ewing is on this train as well. Last time I recall reading about James Ewing was almost 10 years ago when people were ripping and railing about Sveasoft and open source stuff. As my comment on an update went unanswered, I'll try here again: I'd love this to happen, but the freelancer stuff was the thing that caught my eye. If in the end this does hit the market, I'll buy at full price for sure. Until then, please do some of the techier backers a favor and post some real specs: cpu/ram/flash types, peripheral ics, things with names that we can find datasheets for. Even if this is a fully closed thing in the end, there will be a teardown, so you might just as well tell us what it's made of. cheers @Soap, is there a limit on the number of simultaneous BLE devices that Soap will monitor at one time (like tracking tags)? Also, will Soap maintain a constant connection to all of them as well? Will Soap also present itself as a Bluetooth reception device to support things like audio streaming from mobile devices to Soaps audio ports? @Seyha hence why I keep my $1 pledge to see come July. If these guys indeed managed to pull out the rabbit out of hat I will be more than glad to order one at full RRP after review. Agree with Soap. Come on guy if you don't believe in Soap just drop your pledge and talk at other place "BUT NOT HERE PLEASE". and just wait until July to see it okay. This soap blog so let we talk about how to make soap better "not you guy complain" please grow up. Thanks, @SOAP "We feel we have responded to everything" This link was posted many times and still no answer: <url>"chill" is due to what seems to be conflicting statements to me on this matter, which is quite important to me. Z-Wave + Insteon integration are the only parts of this project that I care about. I don't expect you to be aware of something I asked them at the beginning of the campaign, but you're the one who decided you knew everything. Also, while you may not, I do expect every member of a small team to be knowledgeable on the basics of their project (specs, strategy, current state, timeline, setbacks, etc.) Since I'm already on a rant, I just want to point out how grossly unprofessional their little disappearing act was. I understand regrouping after all the attacks they received, but it would have taken nothing to just tell us that they're going to take some time away from the board to settle some concerns from KS and the community and would let us know when they're ready to field questions again. Instead people, like myself, that tried to be supportive when the attacks began, started to question them more and more. Most of the damage cause to this campaign was due to their poor handling of the situation, not the accusations themselves, and I hope they realize that. My concern now is that when they have their next speed bump, like shipping delays, they're just going to disappear again. I try to give people the benefit of the doubt, but I have definitely lost some respect for the team. ...you have only backed 1 project ever. irrelevant that your $1 pledge is pulled. This user's account has been deleted. Really hoping you guys can break the shell and getting the funding up for the better wifi chipset. I keep refreshing the page and kicktraq hoping someone just piles down the cash lol. Ditto Kevin's post. @Mark, and anyone else. C'mon. Chill with the attitude.. Sheesh.. At least they responded to your post. It's not like they can all be online 24 hours a day and answer all questions. There was nothing wrong referring your question to the other team member for the follow-up. If he would have answered your question and said something that would later turn out to be different.. It would have turn into another "controversy". @Soap, When do you feel you'll have a finalized and completely functioning PCB built with all the integrated components for a real world test of your design? Thanks for answering the second question. I am hopeful for you guys, but I just don't see this happening by July's end. So back to that first question: Is that Jim Ewing mentioned in Update 17, James Ewing of Sveasoft fame? @Soap, Only one of you know whether or not a stated feature will actually be present? It's not like I was asking anything very detailed about the Insteon integration. Either way, is there a specific time frame I should re-ask my question that might get Alex's attention? Nope, I'm done with this and cancelling my Touch pledge. I hope that everyone who stays in doesn't get burned and good luck to you, but my gut says FAIL for this project. This user's account has been deleted. So I am staying on board with my pledge. I have my doubts it will ship on time but what Kickstarter project does. My only concerns at this point would be network throughput with the existing chipset. You guys say you have a solution to get gigabit out of the switch, I will believe it. But have you actually achieved gigabit speeds yet? This user's account has been deleted. @soap ... didn't see a response to my questions. 1. Insteon - will this be on board or not? I originally understood it would be, but in your writeup on it in the demo area, you mentioned that it won't require hardware changes and that you can control devices using the app. This sounds like you're using the Insteon Hub since that's the only app driven device currently in production that I'm aware of. 2. Droidifi - I know you probably don't want to hear questions about this, but I'm honestly curious. What drove you to contact them or believe they could/would deliver anything meaningful to you? It's not the fact that they didn't deliver anything to their backers that bothers me as much as that they seemed to completely blow them off. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seemed like they never said a word to their backers after their campaign. Have they given you anything concrete already? I'd just hate for you to rely on them for drivers and the like, and have them never deliver. This user's account has been deleted. @A.Nobody Wow - joined march 2014, backed 1 project (Soap) and haven't really added much to the conversation with the exception of comments with an underlying tone of trolling. Are you planning to post the pastebin link one more time or will you simply not do it just to prove me wrong? This user's account has been deleted. Hi again, I think my last question got lost. The Linux stretch goal is a now a longer way to go than 6 days earlier but I wonder if all components are supported by the upstream Linux kernel? If not, is it a goal to include necessary drivers into the upstream Linux kernel (if any)? Well, there we go. Thanks for answering @Soap. :) @Hector, not sure why, but they seem to be ignoring you. I doubt they've really missed your questions this many times. @Soap I'm going to ask my two questions again because they went unanswered. 1) Is that Jim Ewing mentioned in Update 17, James Ewing of Sveasoft fame? 2) It's March 12, 2014... no way these things are gonna be ready in 4 1/2 months right? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Soap I'm going to ask my two questions again because they went unanswered. 1) Is that Jim Ewing mentioned in Update 17, James Ewing of Sveasoft fame? 2) It's March 12, 2014... no way these things are gonna be ready in 4 1/2 months right? @Soap, How does Droidifi benefits from a partnership with Soap? I understand you benefit from their experience with Android OS, but I'm not exactly sure what's in it for them. Are they getting financial support? Also, what is SoapOS? To be honest, I'm not sure what this means. Is it a set of apps for Android OS? "do to the cost"? Really? Jesus hire a proofreader for crying out loud. This user's account has been deleted. @Soap, the Soap Touch has 32GB of Storage, Essentials only 8GB -- Is this via a removable SD card or something else? Can either be upgraded to additional if needed in the future? This user's account has been deleted. @Soap, is X10 still in the plans for the final design? What about 433Mhz? If so could you add these into the feature spec on the main page for newcomers? right here big guy. They can't say it, but I can....San Jose is where the Cisco Campus is... so read into that what you will. And there we go again, Jeremy deleted his account instead of just leaving. Strange when I looked at his comments he looked like someone that liked the project. And now after his comment that all negative comment came from the same IP address he's gone... @Soap, can you please address this "trip to San Jose" from the CE Pro article? What's the meaning of it? Is it happening before the campaign ends? It's March 12, 2014... no way these things are gonna be ready in 4 1/2 months right? Is that Jim Ewing as in James Ewing of Sveasoft fame? Hi, Home page states "2x USB 3.0". How will this be implemented? Thank you. I'm not as concern on the bandwidth side as the SOAP unit will have a limited number of ports thus you have to pick what you want plug in to it. I have 1GB network at home with my back end with a Cisco switch where all my L2 traffic is and I will only be using the SOAP for WIFI and Internet gateway. The rest of the traffic is going to be on the Cisco switch (I have www.synology.com as my main server) I like your few last update. I have question about QAC2300 wifi chip I know it is part for stretch goal. I wish stretch goal success hope kickstarter can give u back for one week from they take your search down. Anyway my question is is there possible I can update that chip or higher version if there one later? I use more than 10 divides on wifi I want good wifi. @soap nice to see you back on the board. If you'll indulge me, I have two questions on my mind at the moment. 1. Insteon - will this be on board or not? I originally understood it would be, but in toy writeup on it in the demo area, you mention that it won't require hardware changes and that you can control devices using the app. This sounds like you're using the Insteon Hub since that's the only app driven device currently in production that I'm aware of. 2. Droidifi - I know you probably don't want to hear questions about this, but I'm honestly curious. What drive you to contact them out believe they could/would deliver anything meaningful to you? Is not that they didn't deliver that bothers me as much as that they seemed to completely blow their backers off. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seemed like they never said a word to their backers after their campaign. Have they given you anything concrete already? I'd just hate for you to rely on them for drivers and the like, and have them never deliver. I second John's question. I have 1Gbps bandwidth at home, and hope to use it :D Thanks for the update, so my question to you Soap now which after all I have read is what is going to be down to solve the bandwidth limitations? I am a high bandwidth user so this will have a huge impact on me. Soap has my full support; in for $200+ since the beginning. Don't let the naysayers win. And update no. 17 @Boone this is a risk with all such projects. @jeremy why make a statement that is so defamatory only to later admit you are making it up? Also, while Kickstarter and soap sorted out whatever issue they had, kickstarter's TOS still is in effect, meaning Kickstarter is NOT vouching for soap's ability to deliver, however well intentioned the creators are. This is not meant to be negative, just a clarification of fact. I don't want backers to be confused. @Blake Forehand, the 4GB is onboard DDR3 memory (aka computer memory). The units can be upgraded to 8GB. Soap can post updates and it is in search, meaning that it has been reviewed and approved! All aboard! This user's account has been deleted. " - 32GB on board storage can be upgraded to anything that connects through SATA2 - 4GB (able upgrade to 8GB) " What exactly is that second storage amount? An included SD card? If so, why only up-gradable to 8 gigs? This user's account has been deleted. @jeremy, I would also like to know how you got commenter's IP addresses. You have access to Kickstarter's analytics or internal logging? @jeremy How do I see the posters IP address? Seems like the more technical the person is, the higher their level of skepticism. This user's account has been deleted. +Infinity This user's account has been deleted. @Boone +1 +1 for what Boone said. @Boone +1 @SOAP I really hate to say it, since you guys are trying your best here, but the more info that comes out, the more obvious it is that your kickstart is too early. It is not a scam, I repeat, I don't think there is ANY malice in this, just overly ambitious enginnering. You have a proof of concept which is great, but not a prototype You have some software work done, and some to be done by a team that is WAY behind their own delivery The hurdles you have to overcome will cause delay after delay, which will only feed the haters, and the skeptics. Given the campaign is losing money and backers, it might be best to cancel the KS, get farther along on the process (prototype / alpha software,, something that can be shown to journalists) and come back with a new kickstarter. That would remove the doubt and allow the funding to explode to greater levels. The controversy (which is warranted with projects going belly up) is obviously not helping the funding. Everyone loves a comeback story. Thanks for the Hackaday interview, that was was a nice read. I hope that the meeting in San Jose helps on some of the bandwidth limitations we are going to run into as that is the only thin that is leaving me concerned now. @Duncan I have read all the comments before posting the link. Prior to the update there have been speculations as to whether Soap is even real and if the creators will be running away to the sunset with cartoony bags of money once KS is finished. I'm not saying they a prototype now, let alone a fully functional product, but yes, for lack of a better word, it is less 'scammy'. Regardless of where we are now, I think @Soap is taking some steps to quell down rumours. Naturally people won't be easily convinced. I have read the interview on hack a day..... As I guessed they need extra chips and they suggest TNETX4090 . Unfortunately "The TNETX4090 provides eight 10-/100-Mbit/s interfaces and one 100-/1000-Mbit/s interfaces.." which will point to a low performance switch set of functions as I feared.(<url>"not as scammy as we think" I hope your joking!!! I'm not gonna try to re-explain what they already wrote, just go check the comment at the bottom of the article. Hey @Soap, I'm concerned about what I'm seeing. One big concern is that you're partnering with a project that has a track record of a) failing to meet deadlines, and b) failing to deliver anything at all. While your partnership would certainly be good for the Droidifi backers (what do they have to lose at this point), it's difficult to see how this really helps Soap. In particular, why would you think it would be a good idea to publicize that you're partnering with someone who has made promises and never kept them? I definitely don't think Soap is a "scam", but what kind of experience do you guys have that makes you think you can keep this project on track and deliver what you project without exceeding your budget? Quite a few of my concerns were addressed in the last update. I didn't realise they had that much problem with $1 pledge trolls. If I was to take the perspective of @Soap and, for the sake of argument, say that I am trying to launch out a new product through KS with all this drama happening, I would be doing what I can to quell any rumours and address any relevant questions (though strictly speaking, it would be time consuming just to vet the relevant questions from the troll ones). I would also bring out an update as soon as possible to address what has been happening. As @MrOwen said, there is some drop in backing dollars within the past 2 days. Only time will tell whether it will go one way or another. I suggest to everyone that they do what they feel most comfortable with their hard-earned money. It is very easy to get into a hivemind mentality in these situations (Soap-IS-A-SCAM vs. NO-ITS-NOT). Here's to another update. Oh, and I think it's only fair that I paste another Hack-a-Day article where @Soap was interviewed, showing a bit more light that they are not as 'scammy' as we think. <url>#comment-12 "he also works for another company that is scared by out soap project and he is trying very hard to derail our project as he doesnt jsut finds more hateful attacks even when the answers are right in front of him". You'd definitely have to be below average to put that kind of dribble while representing your product on your own website. This user's account has been deleted. I will give this project one more week to convince me why I should remain a backer. There are just too many questions being raised and not enough answers being thought out and given appropriately. I really hope this project is successful, but unfortunately, right now I remain unconvinced. I was initially cautiously optimistic about these guys just being bad at entrepreneurship but having a solid technical concept, however after talking to one of them and checking out this droidfi, I'm pulling my pledge. Reasons: Misleading KS campaign implying they've done work that they haven't Using images from a completely unrelated open source project to claim they've done hardware work They ceased communicating with backers before they even got funded, this is a huge red flag They have no idea about what hardware and software they're dealing with, I don't think they have the technical capability to do this. The guy I talked to sounded like a below-average uni student with more ambition than skills. ...Which led them to partner with droidfi, the poster child for the dangers of kickstarter scams. I hope enough people pull their pledges to prevent this from getting funded, or some people who pledged and haven't been keeping up are going to be taken for a ride. Droidfi at <url>"manufacturing partner" if the BoM is higher than the pledge amount. We never got the details they promised on the BoM Wait... so the big news is that they are partnering with someone who did a Kickstarter and didnt deliver?... Wow. Smart move! @Soap, so when are you going to announce the backing of a well-known "guy that people will recognize"? (I hope that's not Droidifi) and the interest on the manufacturing side from a “big, big router company,”? Who are they? IMO, If you're want to turn all the negative press of the last week around, I think now is the time to do it, rather than later? We've been losing backers, not gaining them. This user's account has been deleted. This whole thing has to be a joke or social experiment, it's too absurd to be a scam. @Trevor Just took a look at the Droidifi website and their 3 videos. I'm sorry, but at the risk of continuing to sound like a troll (?), those videos make Droidifi look like a joke. Their demonstrations consist of nothing more than a typical Android setup showing stock lock screen, clock, and settings menu and on their more "technical" video, they show a browser based vnc client connecting to the Android device. This looks like something I might be able to do with my Nexus 7. They, in no way, part or whole, demonstrated any routing capabilities through either a physical demonstration or even a walk though of any software they created. I feel extremely bad for those backers, especially the two that pledged over $1000. But hey, you know what? Maybe the capital from Soap will reinvigorate any progress on the Droidifi side and they'll successfully integrate it into the router and we'll all be very happy backers. Trevor - I wasn't addressing Simpson. @David Ferrey- Mr. simpson is very much telling the truth. The Droidifi team has delivered nothing to their backers and is notorious for being an example of a kickstarter scam. I nor mr. simpson are here to Troll but to simply make backers aware of the situation. I am not affiliated with mr. simpson but what he is saying is true and if you don't believe either of us head on over to the comment section of the droidifi kickstarter page. There is more than enough evidence there. One other thing: you let the article's author dox sairon? I realize if you do enough digging, you can get his real name but in my opinion, a news site which doxes random people on the internet is really disconcerting (remember Gawker/reddit fiasco?). If CE Pro wants to gain credibility so that articles like this hold more significance (I've never heard of CE Pro previous to this), doxxing people is not the way to go about it. @MrOwen - People whined about no update and now you're whining about the update. They announce a partnership and you complain it's not to the timing YOU would like, Also it turns out you were 100% wrong in your previous post. Now how about moving on or at least man up admit you're simply here to troll. Droidifi took 9K in funds from kickstarter backers and delivered NOTHING, no alpha, no beta, no hardware for those who pledged the higher hardware reward. Additionally, they haven't made a peep to their backers on KS or their site in about a year. Partnering with a "team" that has completely failed their backers isn't going to lend any credibility to you guys. Did anyone else turn up their volume for the blender wemo demo? As far as partnering with Droidifi, shouldn't this decision have been made many months previous? I feel like integrating something as core as an new OS cannot be done [well] in 5/6 months. Also, the CE Pro attacking Sairon personally? That was completely uncalled for. Even if he did attack you guys, as a professional company, you should not have stooped down to that level (or let the article's author stoop to that level) to counter-attack. Finally an update! The system design is like a puzzle and by providing the right pieces that late (kosagi) causes much confusion and mistrust. Hope soap. 11 days left. I feeling confused :( you would think they would post something at this point since now they are just losing money daily. got a few more days until I cancel my pledge. I imagine that they have to keep to their policy to avoid opening themselves up to litigation. What if you were to ask something like, "Under what conditions do you remove active projects from the project search?" i tried to ask KS to day about if they knew anything, i wouldn't report anything, when there is still 10 days for deadline and we don't know if the one thing or other, i would still let the benefit of the doubt come to the SOAP team. :) but the answer from KS was just not helping to put the fire out. "Hi there, If a project raises any concerns, please use the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. Our Trust & Safety team reviews each reported project carefully. Thanks, Katherine" I've opened a support ticket. Yes kickstarter or soap should reply us what is going on. Since to no idea what is going on now. Would KS care to step in and comment on this? @Alex Soap should not be posting updates at all. I believe what is happening is that Kickstarter has put some type of "hold" or whatever you want to call it on the project (since, as you know, they don't show up in search). This means they have also most likely barred them from creating official updates until the situation is resolved between Soap and Kickstarter. Circumventing this and posting the "updates" on the home page of the project indicates a lack of respect for both Kickstarter and their policies and the the community of backers. I think I'm with you, David. I want to see more before next Friday or I may be going the same way, and with 11 backers disappearing in the last 24 hours I can see that confidence is at an all time low. Come on @Soap team... do something or you'll lose everyone. I'm beginning to believe what we have here is derivative of Hanlon's Razor. "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity". I don't think it's stupidity as much as severe naivety. To the backers, the result will probably be the same, wasted investment. They've made a few updates recently but failed to package and present them in a positive way. Some will argue the updates are insufficient (I agree) and maybe even bogus (I can't tell for sure). Unless there is activity not shown (if not why not?), I can't see how a working beta can be delivered in July. Unless something dramatic changes in the next 10 days, I'll be dropping out next Friday "From prototype to final production! Below is the final production planned board. We actually had a couple but due to feedback we settled on this one! We hope you love it! Our Future planned 3D CAD file(Updated) We have not had this board created or manufactured yet! We originally had a opensource board called KOSAGI as our base for final design but we changed this when cost was too high and it had to many features. We did have that posted earlier and have now updated the project with our new and more recent design below which is not " From the homepage. They don't post as updates. Indeed as Filippo states; one of the worries I had was the switch throughput. I use my network pretty intensively and really require full line-rate on at least 2 interfaces with the remaining sharing. I have multiple switches in my network from Linksys and even have the 6300AC router and bridge from Linksys which I bought together. I was even disapointed with that AC throughput because across about 5m of clear space i was maxing out at about 800bps and not the advertised 1300. But i'm willing to give these guys at least a chance. I had literally ordered my own beagle boards and capes already so that i could build something similar for myself, now i plan on using those for other automation as I get them. I will reserve my judgment on this until the last day or two. So far my biggest worry is not really about the obvious lack of a prototype. What it had rung my alarm bells initially was the lack of an architecture. Some people have done their homework and have pointed out some worrying facts: the processor specified is very good at general purpose processing but only supports one (half) a gigabit port. How then do you integrate 4 ports and then whole set of wifi channels. My worry is that they may have found a way to do that, but one that does not perform. Ultimately a router is like a switch, and a good one with this spec need to have a switch fabric of ~5Gbit. Then I have a worry about the software choice. This would be the first adaptation of android to routers. There is some work there to guarantee good performance. Unless is a device made of 2 devices. One general processor and a network processor. The network processor with say 6 ports one of which is the android. In the network processor you run one of the open source router software. In any case I suggest you all to read the hack-a-day posts. They are interesting. @Alex and people are supposed to know about this how? Certainly not through an official KS update. Also, it's really just proving backers's points once again; they don't have a completely demonstrable prototype. The video is just a cad design being opened up and then rotated on its axes which doesn't exactly quell all the bad speculation. They've added a couple of new videos and some description on the home page. @Adrian I don't think anyone here would disagree with you on those points. I would also like to add that the majority of the backers are savvy to the current state of the project and the lack of communication from Soap. With this in mind, it wouldn't surprise me that, without a significant update from the Soap team in the next 12 days, the majority of users will cancel their pledges and funding would drop below the goal. If Soap is trying to scam us, they are doing a very poor job at it as I feel a good scam operation would put out fires right as they come up and we would all think the project is on the up and up. Rather, I think the Soap team is in way over their heads and they thought they could put out this really cool, slick router at a bargain price with some help from a company like Sage and based around the design of a pre-existing pcb design. Also, maybe the people backing for $1 don't want their profile to show they cancelled funding on a project (better to show a project just didn't get enough funding)? I know a good backing record is important if you ever want to Kickstart yourself. Okay. So here is where I see the project stands as of this moment. 1. Soap is no longer searchable in Kickstarter. I confirmed this myself and as per @Daniel's comments, it is probably because Kickstarter themselves are reviewing this project. 2. We can infer that the reason for this KS review is that Soap may be breaching KS T&Cs, and in line with this, some of us have mentioned that we have not yet seen a working prototype that addresses our concerns. 3. There has been a lot of activity in the pledges in the last several days. One that is most evident to me is the drop from 122K to 119K, perhaps showing that there are a lot of people that dropped out. There is also the fact that the $1 pledge is locked out, and personally I cannot objectively say why this is so. The only subjective thing I can think of is for them to stop people moving into the $1 just to 'join in the drama'. 4. There is speculation as to whether this whole thing is a scam. The Hack-a-day article has some good points in it, and to their credit, I think they also did a good thing by giving @Soap a chance to respond as well as an update to clear some things up - a good example of journalism. 5. Most of us here are waiting for @Soap to give some sort of update or some sort of communication as to what is going on. Personally speaking, I think the creators know what they're up to and they are either putting out fires, hiring a PR team and find every issue to address (if this is not a scam). The priority would be satisfying what issues KS would have with them. If this is a scam, well, I'm confident that KS will find this during their investigation and drop them out due to T&S breach. There are a lot of things I didn't mention here, but I feel that this is by far the most concrete information that I could base my thoughts on. As to whether @Soap is working Sage or not, as of this point that is not the issue. I feel the issue here is that there is a major lack of communication. As for my personal conclusions - I'm giving them until the end of the week for an update, and reassessing. Unfortunately at this stage I'm leaning to steer away from this project, get my money back and support another one that has presented themselves to be more reputable. One only hopes that this matter passes away and @Soap will bring out a great product in the end. @Mark, ahh, okay. It seems like a design flaw to me. @Daniel It's not a bug. People are free to donate any amount the choose, they just won't get a reward if they don't meet the minimums. @Mark, the $100 pledge essential is not locked out. As far as the $1 "no reward" amount.. I'm not exactly sure what this means.. Are you saying backers can lower their pledge for their selection to $1 even though the minimum amount is $60? $70? $150? etc.? If that's the case, then that's more a interface bug than anything else. Kickstarter coders didn't add a check to prevent pledging less than the minimum amount. If that's not what you meant, then I apologize. By the way, I am NOT defending @Soap. They still have a lot of explaining to do. I'm reserving judgment until the last day. It looks like they've locked out all the old options... but there's still the essential at $100. If I continue to be charitable, I'd say that's because of the amount of abuse they got for having too many pledging options and perhaps the locking out of the $1 option was a mistake. @Daniel IF it would accomplish what you think AND cause no harm, I could see your point. However, people can still pledge a $1 "no reward" amount, so it's not keeping anyone out. Also, they locked down pledges for the Essentials version of their product as well. You don't think that's worthy of an explanation? As for their Kickstarter status, I agree that's a reasonable assumption. Since it hasn't been quickly resolved though, I think once again, they owe us an explanation. If you don't care, that's fine. Many of us do though. @Mark Behr, IMO, they don't need to explain themselves for locking down all sub-$150 pledges. If I were in their shoes, I would probably do the same, since you can't kick out "troublemakers" from the project. As for being removed from the public search, it should be safe to assume the project is currently being reviewed by Kickstarter. They are the only ones capable of doing this. Also, the lack of update/activity by the creators the last couple of days.. @Stuart Could be, but their opponents didn't lock down all sub-$150 pledges at around the same time, without explanation given... or also fail to explain why their project was removed from the public search on Kickstarter. @Filippo If I were a conspiracy theorist (a some here seem to be, on both sides) then I could suggest that a good way to make the project look like it was being abandoned on mass would be to pledge a large amount, say $10k and then withdraw it with a couple of days to go and start shouting about how people are abandoning ship. Alternatively those against could pledge a large amount with the intention of causing this very argument. If it were withdrawn suddenly after Soap denied involvement it would look suspicious and lend more weight to the opposition. I don't think it's the case, but a large donation could be used by the opponents to the project too. @filippo That's a fair comment. It could be people updating to buy more than one, or some of the other packages too. It does seem a little far fetched, but I still want to think the best of these guys. @Stuart. 8892$ = ~60 backers at 150$. There are a maximum of 31 backers at 1$. You cannot explain it with 6 new backers and a move between 1 and 150. @soap "Insteon- This requires no hardware changes but will have to be approved by Insteon. To use Insteon in our prototype this requires interfacing through the current Insteon app." Sounds like you expect us to buy an insteon hub instead of you having it "built in" as originally stated. @soap there still 799 backer waiting for your respond and update in next 12 days. Don't make us disappoint a lot people still believe in you guys. That all I can say. So keep it up @Deepak, to be honest. I want to see a break down of where the funds are going.. So, the BoM, "consultation fees" for sage electronics, etc. IMO, currently it doesn't seem like the money collected from Kickstarter will be enough to complete this project and ship units to everyone. So, a visit to Soap would be pointless. @BarryKingLive - <url>"below" (without quotes). On the project homepage, under the zigbee, wemo, etc demos. It's a CAD video and some more info. @Alex: where is the Update? I can't find it. Please post link There is an update on the homepage: cad video and some more explanations. Hypothetically speaking, if I launched a kickstarter (say for flight and stay at $500) to personally visit the Soap team, Sage and reported on the project status, how many of you would back it? @soap Need a meaningful update in the next few hours, or as much as it pains me, I'm out too. I actually believe that you're working on developing the hardware (though it rally looks like at least on board insteon didn't make the cut). I just really don't see any significant software development. This, outside of driversdrivers, libraries, etc., should have basically been done already. @Harvey: Is that so? Could I request you for a link with that information, my search did not find anything. Thanks, @Harvey - You are mostly correct, but that only applies in the last 24 hours of the campaign. For those that are going to leave, rememember you CANNOT get out or at least cancel if your pledge takes it below the goal amount. If there is a rush of leavers, it could all end very badly for some... Cancelling early touch pledge (July 2014). Good luck to everyone staying in. I'm being optimistic about the project. And as such my thoughts regarding the "$8892 from 6 backers in a day" are that it could be explained by 6 new backers and several changing their pledge from $1 to $150 or more. That way you only see 6 new backers, but you get substantially more money than you should. I've been keeping my eye on the number of $1 pledges and it has gone up and down quite a lot, which I can only put down to people changing their pledge from $1 to $150 etc or visa versa. Maybe I'm being naive, but I want to think the best of people if I can. I'm still hoping to see more of the prototype tho and may still reduce my backing if there's things that can't be explained. I'm pretty optimistic that there will be an update today!! xD Wonder if any type of substantial update is getting put up today. My bet hedges on the 'no' side of things but we'll see. @Jeremy Since you are such firm believer wonder you've seen his fa... I mean working prototype we are so desperate(?) to see??? Not troll but watch 'soap' drama. You gotta admit it's quite entertaining - with my sarcastic hat on :) Show of hands, how many pledged a dollar just to troll the forum? What you should notice is how the pledge amount per day is fairly proportional to the number of backer per day Anyone else noticed that after they got removed from the search engine, they received 8892$ from 6 backers in a day. IMHO, it's very suspicious considering it happened at the beginning of a downtrend, right after they get accused of being a scam and can't be found in search. Look at the chart yourself. <url>#chart-daily @Jeremy Why you know that KS is just reviewing because of the nonsense being posted? And the Project will be back in the search in a day? @Jeremy "Soap has been nothing but responsive and working very hard to provide everything they can." Except for even an acknowledgement to the many people that have asked why they aren't in the Kickstarter search anymore. If they are unable to be transparent here, how is that going to carry over to problems once they are funded? Just a thought... I want this project success too, but I count the total amount of the pledge around 90K for 800 backers. I don't know why 120K? @Jeremy Schulkin, I agree that the people posting links to drive people away is disappointing. They are just second guessing the project. IMO, I consider it a test of how @Soap can work under pressure. It may look bad now, but imagine if the project is funded and backers don't get what they were promised? @Soap can easily eliminate all this public negativity and turn the project around by providing an actual prototype showing all the functions they are promising. As it is right now, there doesn't appear to be a real actual prototype. And considering there is about a 4 month window if project is funded. There is no way they can realistically provide and ship a working unit by July. I am also waiting for the BoM detailing materials needed and price list. So far, no response on this. @Jeremy Schulkin, I know you want this project to succeed because the idea behind it is great but there is just not enough evidence to prove that they even have a working prototype. I have been a member of Kick-Starter for quite some time and urge you to look at other projects that have been proven hoaxes and compare them with this one. I just don,t want new members having bad experiences and getting robbed of there money. There will be plenty of great projects to come and I would consider saving my money for some of those. I'll stay a little bit longer, but only if they post pictures/videos of a real working prototype and not a Nexus tablet on a 3D printed back.. This user's account has been deleted. If a project is not found in the search in KS it could be either KS is asking the creators to fix something, get a response or could be a precursor to canceling the project. You know, Daniel #1, there is a point in it! Because you have to scroll way down to see it again and not everybody does that. @Daniel #2, No point posting that link over and over. Others most likely have already seen it. I don't personally feel they're trying to scam anyone, but I do think they were misleading about the level of development they had accomplished. To me, the software side is the important part, and as it stand this seems almost non-existent. I don't doubt that they fully intended to build their project into the product they have promised, I just don't believe at this point they're capable of doing it. Not this year at least. @Daniel: Thanks for pointing that out. I'll give the Soap team an opportunity to defend themselves to be fair to them. @Barry: Look here: <url>#comment-1248375 Also, it doesn't help that you guys can't be found on the search or in the technology section on kickstarter, and your kicktraq chart for today shows negative numbers. <url>#chart-daily Could you guys come in and clarify all of this? Thanks, Not sold on ZigBee. You guys appear to be using a Xbee module, what stack are you using for ZigBee, will you guys support ZigBee HA1.2? How about ZigBe LL? I think the demos look good. I hope they are real. Out of all the projects I've backed, I've never seen the creator communicate and answer questions nearly as much as this project which I greatly admire, but the fact remains that there are WAY too many sketchy things going on and I have been scammed on this site twice already, so I am regrettably withdrawing as well. I wish you luck and if you make it and produce your product, I'd be willing to pay the expected retail price. What I would like to know is why is this project no longer found thru the search, and no longer found in the Technology section of Kickstarter. I think it is under review by Kickstarter. Everybody please report this project on your way out. Check out the project homepage, there are some new videos showing "some functionality". Again, the leading actor is the FriendlyARM Tiny4412 board with a SATA drive connected to it... And with somethings that looks like a tablet lying on the top of it. <url>#comment-1248375 Ok, that does it for me. I am now totally convinced this is either a scam, a hoax, or the product of highly delusional (in terms of actually building and delivering a real product of value) individuals. Bye! @Robert Mais: Well, yesterday's Kicktraq stats are surprising - $9k pledged from 6 backers: <url>#chart-daily Also, why are $1 pledges (and other limited pledges) "gone"? @Kean Don't see any problem with it personally. More information for present and future backers better it shall be. @Justin, I think think what you're doing with that site is great, but I think it is wrong to be promoting it here. @Justin. Thanks for that site, I have several Kickstarter project's to report. <url>"I don't know how they are able to allow that as they seem to be a legitimate entity." Allow what - a PCB rendering?? Sage may have been contracted to provide services to Soap but that has no bearing on the rendering's legitimacy or design. Fact is, we have no idea what the agreement between Soap and Sage is. The agreement could be as simple as consulting services. What I'm saying is that we have no idea the depth of what 'working with' means at all. There is no risk for Sage. @Tom H, Partnership or not, sage's reputation is on the line here. I don't know how they are able to allow that as they seem to be a legitimate entity. The renderings are meaningless after what was found about the earlier ones. I for one need a detailed video of a detailed tear down of the prototype now showing the BOM components. Also the functionality needs to be verified. Nothing short of that is going to make me to stay. If I were to make a guess what I want is not going to happen before the end of the campaign. @Soap - I really don't understand why you would wait until this evening to lay to rest your backers concerns about your project if you have substance to provide now. It's actually rather disturbing. @Asterix - A partnership is nothing more than an agreement between two or more entities. And I'm beginning to think that this 'partnership' did not exist at the beginning of this project but was more a measure of damage control - an afterthought. Do you believe Sage produced the rendering of the PCB in the latest update? One step away from backing out.... @Soap??? Well guys, I have been watching on the sidelines.... The scope keeps on changing. My god! The last update shows how behind they are. I am probably going to remove even my 1$ pledge, so I will be forced to shut-up. Good luck to you all! One thing I don't understand is if sage electronic engineering is their partner why not use their experience and pedigree in the campaign video. Gives more weight. Take a look at @BJs annotations of the pcb. There are a lot of radios missing. Here's the concern I have. There is a lot of risk associated here. They might be delayed and that is also ok. But my main concern is the final product not having most of the hardware features. Due to cost and integration issues they might start cutting back on features. I just don't want to end up with a 4 port switch after all that. welp you folks have fun with this, I do hope that they make the funding goal, and I hope that its not a scam. I will definitely buy one of these after their produced, I just have no intentions of risking my money. There's too many inconsistencies in their story, too little response to all of this questioning, and too many people with good reputations in the electronics field are talking out against it. Do you have a working prototype or not? Post a video of soap booting up and that should clear many doubts. You can not expect people to support theoretical writeup that if you put something and something together ,something will come out. I think it's perfectly reasonable for people to be cautious. However simply the verifiable backing of Sage should be proof enough that A. They have a working prototype, otherwise Sage wouldn't be involved. B. They have full intentions to develop SOMETHING. So, let's please quit using words like "scam". Also, I see little point in nitpicking at their PCB as, once again, we shouldn't need to verify whether or not it's legit anymore. What you can and maybe should be concerned with is Q. Will this be produced by the specified estimated date? A. The fact is, even the most experienced comments almost always have delays. Take those delays and triple then for a start up company. It's not really their fault, everyone has to start somewhere. Q. What are the exact specifications of the device? A. A very reasonable question for a device you're buying off the shelf. However, in this case details are being proposed, thrown out, reevaluated, and thrown out again. Don't crucify them for juggling different design specs. You have every right to ask them what they're thinking of using for X feature, but don't be surprised if it changes by the end. In addition, feel free to scrutinize their business model. After all, you are basically investors. @sairon I'm sure Almond+ PCB is smaller than their LCD.... No one's trying to make a tablet here. The bezel will be as big as needed to house the PCB. Although I appreciate you bringing a little needed attention to some details of the project, it's still clear to me that your intentions aren't 100% pure. You really seem to have it out for these guys, and I would personally appreciate it if you'd back off now. @Andrew, no, what you are seeing are backers exercising their critical faculties in order to ask relevant searching questions to ensure what they have signed up for has a realistic chance of being produced and delivered. Blind hope is a luxury some of us cannot afford. @Andrew - you're welcome to have your 100% faith, but there are a bunch of people (like myself) who would love to back this project if the creators can show they have the ability to pull it off. They haven't managed that yet, although Sage's involvement is a plus on the tech side. Far too many startups hit Kickstarter with an idea, but too little experience especially on the project/money/supplier management side. The project goes way over time - or worse, runs out of money and never delivers. Sage can't help with that - they will get paid for their tech consulting, but won't be responsible for final delivery of rewards. Please trust that most of us asking the hard questions have no alterior motives other than watching out for ourselves, as well as watching out for those without the background to ask the right questions but are willing to use some common sense. Hi Soap, I have lost confidence that this project will become successful. Too many aspects of it are not realistic. The timeline you have set for delivery vs the stage you show that the product is in seems way off. The ability to add remove features without significantly increasing the delivery date or any mention of that seems unrealistic. The cost of individual parts vs the amount we can pledge for is way off. Yes bulk buy is cheaper but the little amount you are asking for would require you to have massive investments that you are just pouring into this project to get a few units out to the first backers. Meaning if you run out of your external funds this project will be dead in the water. I do understand you are using a external company to help/work/design the pcb. But this doesn't magically take the work out of creating a stable board that contains all the features you are offering.You only have to browse through the technology section of kickstarter to see how many projects have run into pcb manufacturing problems and these pcb's have half the complexity yours is offering. For the record I don't feel this is a scam, more that it's unrealistic. The end result of not getting a final product is the same but the intention is different. Also as a reminder it's between Soap and the backer to get refunds after the project has been funded. Kickstarter nor Amazon will not step in. So make sure you decided before that time. Best of luck, Paul This user's account has been deleted. I'm keeping faith. The fact that Sage are on board and have a proven record gives me faith. I can't believe they'd want to be associated with a scam. I still want to see more of the Soap prototype in action tho. Perhaps a proper demo from boot to use would give the naysayers something to think about. I'm still on board and think it will happen. This is going down fast. Abandon ship! @RL & Dennis you're right... seems to have gone from the public list of projects. @RL You are right! Can't find it myself either??? Whats going on, why i cant find this project on 'search projects' ? By the way, the board on the pictures is roughly 220 mm wide (or tell me the correct dimension if I am wrong). How can you fit it under a 7" display wide 150 mm? Even if you add some bezel, it would be wider. For example Nexus 7 is 200 mm on its longer edge. @Asterix already getting my half daily doze of "soap" opera from there. :) if this "SOAP" turns out to be soap opera my daily doze shall be complete... muhahaha... I know that many of you would think that "haters gonna hate", but the board on the pictures lacks too many vital components that it just could not work. I don't want to get into details now until we get a screencap of the bottom side of the board. Who knows, maybe I am wrong... I have to agree that your update was disappointing. After the beating you have taken, I would think you would want to settle the minds of the backers a little more definitively. I like the concept and I will maintain my contribution for the next fourteen days with cautious optimism. For me, your next update will need to far do more in the way of demonstrating hardware and actual progress to keep me on your side of the fence. I can't believe they got 118K$ so far without providing any real evidence of a working prototype. Even if they are legitimate, they will probably run out of cash without an outside investor. Here is a couple things that could help: - Who is working on it and what kind of experience they have - detailed specs. - BoM - HIGH QUALITY pictures of the prototype. 3d rendering doesn't count, anyone can make them. - Video where you can clearly see the prototype working. - Stop being evasive and give us strait answers to the technical questions people are asking You should take a look at the comment section and the updates for the Almond+. There are some very good reasons why everyone believed they are legitimate. @dennis, if you think this is drama, just head over to nanohive. It's a riot over there. LOL. @Soaps, can you please give some details as to what the duties of Brandon, Dave, and Alex do? What's their responsibility? Where does Sage Electronics come in? What's their responsibility? Also, will you be able to have a prototype available before your campaign ends? I am still here due to the face of Kerry brown and sage electronic engineering. I have an iota of confidence left. YouTube Interview with Kerry Brown from Sage Electronics <url>"meat" over the next two weeks. I'm not savvy enough to know, but the PCB renderings don't help my confidence much. Can you guys please clarify in the next update for everyone to see which WiFi chip you are going to use? Your previous response to me indicated that you were going to use a new Wave2 wifi chip but just recently you said that you were going to use the BCM4360 which is an old Wave1 chip. Please make this clear for us backers so that we know what we are getting! *said update tonight Looks like today is almost over... would love to see said tonight but I guess I can wait until tomorrow. ...and all those for under $150? That's bargain of century on my book... @__@ Great idea, do you have any plans for 8+ Ethernet ports and maybe teaming? With the increased size, you could fit a hdd inside then. Maybe even a 2 drive nas function. PoE would be a great feature. I would use it to wall mount in the hall. Unfortunately, the voltage regulator and associated hardware aren't cheap. Will it function as a "wireless tag hub" (<url>"scam" stuff floating around is a bit worrisome to say the least. Has anyone seen this, also could we please get an offical response to this here, and on the facebook page. <url>#more-116659 I'm not saying that hack-a-day is right, but those guys really know their stuff, and Soap is starting to look very suspicious This user's account has been deleted. @Soap Looking forward to it! Hi again, the Linux stretch goal is a little way to go but I wonder if all components are supported by the upstream Linux kernel? If not, is it a goal to include necessary drivers into the upstream Linux kernel (if any)? I had an idea last night. What would it take to add ethernet over powerline to the device. here is my idea. Instead of a power brick you get your power over POE on ethernet port 1 and the power brick is a powerline 500 device give you access to the whole electrical system of the house. You then could also sell PowerLine adapers single, dual and quad port ethernet. Wireless is great but i have found it is much better to have media devices on ethernet than the Wifi. The packets per sec for streaming can really bog down a wireless network so I have moved all my gaming devices, streaming devices and cable boxes on HomePlug to avoid the wireless saturation from streaming and gaming. I have noticed a major increase in the performance since I did that. Guys, there's been a lot of dirty talk about your project recently. Hope you won't disappoint with what your going to show us this weekend. @Soap, thanks for the professional response. In my opinion too many patents are issued for just combining known technologies. For example, just because I'm the first one to put a computer in a car, shouldn't mean I can patent the Carputer.. Unfortunately the patent office and our courts don't always uses the greatest logic in these decisions. @Daniel I agree completely, except for the jail part.... I have seen many and have been part of a scam project on here that go completely unpunished. For example, <url>#1 #2 #3 #4 #5, goal smasher, whatever? There are only that few different delivery dates. Even if you want to make it sounds limited to sell more, this is looking cheap (and confusing to say the least). I am cancelling my pledge. Good luck. @soap cool can't wait to see what excited idea u have :) @Soap, which router wifi chipset will you be using if it does not reach the $175k goal? @soap I like that this as VPN support. What type of software is the VPN running OPENVPN? @Sairon 1)I do see the difference, I was mainly referring to the point that they only confirmed they are the "core" of the team, and the actual team may be much larger that just the three of them. Regarding Sage, perhaps they may unofficially be supporting soap while considering whether a formal partnership will be beneficial to them. Hopefully the video will clear our doubts a bit, but I doubt Sage will be willing be represented in the video until they formally announce themselves as partners. 2) Wouldn't we all like to know. Currently, as it seems, the chipset they are using appears to deliver a speed of 1750Mbps (based on past comments on the kickstarter page, I have no clue what they will be using). You probably are correct in that it may not have been used in a functional product yet, however, I don't think they plan to leave us without the 2.4GHz band. If you read the overview, you will find that it does mention that the QAC 2300 is a two-chip solution, so it's likely one of the chips is used for the 2.4GHz band. P.s. Sorry forgot to check when you wrote the post and when they decided to update the stretch goals when I was writing. @Ron Personally I hate those stretch goals. It's becoming the cash cow where to squeeze out as much of backer's money as possible. And nowadays projects started with certain features already on the stretch goal meaning some of features were intentionally held back till more money - more than originally asked - is funded. IMHO do not take seriously anything the creators would say for the stretch. If features were important why they weren't included in the original project? And why spend time on things when the main product has to be worked out? @David Ferrey, thanks didn't see that when I posted. Rob - Please see @Soap's description 4 posts earlier then yours. @soap regarding Soap with No Rope, how are you going to create a high-speed wireless link between your router and my modem? My modem does not have anything with which to communicate with your router wirelessly. Will there be an additional hardware dongle to attach to the modem? @Soap Just one last question regarding the prototypes (that I hope I'll see on the video). You already have a working prototype of the router now (maybe with specs little different from the final product) that was made by Soap engineers? @Soap those both sound awesome, if the stretch goals for them do not get hit are these things you will still look to peruse after the fact? the Soap on no rope sounds perfect for my needs as my modem sits in a damp basement currently.. Forgive me if this has been answered earlier. From my readings below, I am unsure if you have finalized your hardware specs or not? If so, is your focus now on providing additional functionality through software engineering or will you be adding additional hardware to provide the "wish list" below? I understand the stretch goals are to add in additional hardware components, but I guess I am curious as to how you intend to meet your projected timelines if "feature creep" becomes an issue (whether software or hardware). @Soap look forward to the vids and new stretch goals and thank you for addressing all of this. The question I asked beforehand was: Can you go into explanation what "Soap Bubbles" or "Soap with no rope" are for the last two stretch goals? @Jeffrey M Could you mention a single tech blog with enough visits per day (that could attract so much attention to the FB page) that published something about Soap at the end of January/start of February? @Jeremy Nice example of argumentum ad hominem, I'll put that one aside. But regarding the legitimity of Ninja Sphere FB account - you need to evaluate all the aspects globally. Ninja Sphere has tons of tweets, they demoed their product on CES and they're making their PR for a long time. That's completely different than a page with no content (for a product that no one except its creators seen) that gets all the followers in a single week, for God's sake! @Sairon, "3,000 likes of Soap on FB emerged suddenly in a single week in January? 3,000 ".... um ever heard of tech blogs? News spreads quickly here. @Max I wouldn't expect anything by June. Every Kickstarter project I've backed has been late :P I second Sairon's comments. However, as 'soap' has requested,i would wait until the weekend for the videos as they promised. Soap, please note that the time is running out and with only 16 days left, if you really want to meet the stretch goals, you would have to be swift in providing/clearing everyone's doubts here. I am not sure how the amazon payment system work, after funding, can anyone revert the payment or not?. This user's account has been deleted. @Hai Qi Li 1) That's right, they might have much more talent than I assumed. But I know that my colleagues are not unexperienced in this area either - all of them have masters degree in the area they work on and have many years of professional experience. On the other side, Alex, who's called the main software engineer, only claims he's been "hacking with electronics since eight years old" has no reference of his work or professional career whatsoever, only some pictures and crafted videos. Do you see the difference? Regarding their cooperation with Sage, Kerry Brown, COO of Sage, only confirmed they "have been in discussions" and they are "finalizing a formal relationship", that does not mean anything. I'm really curious about the video they promised, if they had some prototypes made by Sage, they should be able to make a video that clearly says "we are Sage and we made this prototype of Soap router, and this is the whole team that works on the project". 2) Well, then I'd like to know what's the current Wi-Fi chipset. They promised some functionality in the final product, so they should be able to deliver that performance even without reaching strech goals. You are completely right about the speed, but still, the chipset is not dual band (check the "supported IEEE standards" section) and I'm also convinced it has not been used in a production device yet, check the following table. You can also notice there that only chipsets that are capable of ac/a/b/g/n are Broadcom's ones, so another chipset for 2.4 GHz would be definitely needed when using a different solution: <url>#Chipsets Btw. they told that QAC2300 is a stretch goal after I wrote my post - they mentioned QAC2300 earlier as "chipset that is currently used" and that was the information I was building my claims on. Hi Just wanted to heat two things, if i want 2 units for June, instead of one now i just pledge 300 or 290 instead? Two, is the router powerful enough to also run 5-7 HDD true USB 3 hub to function as a media server with steaming 1980 or 2560? Or shall I use an extra just for this? @sairon 1) Under the heading the team, you mention Soap to be developed by three guys, then go on to claim that due to the sheer difficulty of the project, it is impossible for them to have done so, citing personal experience as a reference. You may very well be correct that it may be impossible for three people alone, however if you do a bit of digging around the comments section, you will find that soap is working with Sage Electronic Engineering, LLC. This means that there are much more than three people working on this project and there is chance that the team that soap is working with may be larger and/or more talented than the team that you are working with in your project. Therefore, your experience cannot be used to judge what may be possible for the soap development team. 2) Under "The Specs" you list the Quantenna QAC2300 as the WiFi chipset. You are completely off. That is the 175&185k stretch goal. The current chipset is not unknown as far as I know. Also, you claim Quantenna QAC2300 is a 1.3Gbps chipset and that it only uses the 5 GHz wifi band. However, if you had bothered to have read the link you gave us, you would have found out that the Quantenna QAC2300 is a 2.15Gbps chipset (and that it also might be a dual band chipset using both the 5GHz and 2.4GHz bands. Not too sure since it doesn't list the 2.4GHz band in the specifications table, however, it's listed under highlights and overview.) @sairon, thank you. I appreciate what you’ve done as a necessary and essential role so that the general public can continue to have faith with the crowd-funding model. Better for those who know the subject matter to ask the right questions earlier, so that the rest have enough information available to make their own judgment. See you around sometime. @Soap That's great you are aware of that, as I admitted that short after writing the OP on reddit. I am not hiding - I posted links to my Twitter and LinkedIn, anyone can check who am I working for. I also wrote multiple times that our product is far from being a competition for Soap for number of reasons. And it's s-a-i-r-o-n, please spell my name right. I am not demanding disclosing of all your information, I just asked few simple technical details about your design. You refused to post screenshots of the current design, telling that someone could steal your ideas. But anyone, who buys the router, can get the same, even more information, than from a simple screenshot. Such PCB has to have at least four layers, more likely six. No one can reverse engineer hardware from an image of top layer of PCB and layout of components on screenshots. I am not claiming that all projects are fake, why do you think that? I supported another hardware project here, but creator of that project published much more information about the development and later even open-sourced the SW. That can't be compared with Soap. You said that my post is full of false claims, but many of them can be easily checked on the internet. I admitted that I was wrong with "teenagers", and that's the only thing you disproved. For start, can you explain why 3,000 likes of Soap on FB emerged suddenly in a single week in January? 3,000 - that's four times more than current number of backers, and it was even before publishing a word about Soap. Same for Twitter. Gotta love the drama of kickstarter if you think this is rough try indiegogo. I love the responses and am looking forward to the video. Keep your chin up soap. Ps I really am serious if I can catch my wife cheating with soap? @soap ok thanks @soap good to hear. @soap I just double my pledge to 300 for two soap touch. just want make sure I did correctly. I saw on your update 12 u have add on for 8gb ram but only for the one not touch. Is that touch will come with 8gb ram? Oh how about add-on for wifi extend will be available too? @people come on people 27 is not young or teenager. my friend she is 27, she already had Master degree and also work ask manager make over 150k per years. maybe make more than who every said. @soap can you reply my message send to you today thanks Keep up good work. @Soap - I encourage you to keep releasing information, as detailed as possible. Transparency will never satisfy the haters and cowards who use the anonymity of the Internet to hide and project their hate. But transparency will ensure everyone has the information necessary to make intelligent decisions. I look forward to seeing more information about Soap. This user's account has been deleted. @David Ferrey, I'm not exactly sure what you meant with "Reddit" and/or "Stalking Behavior". You said for Sairon to take it to private, and I disagreed with that, since @Soap should have nothing to hide if they are legit.. But whatever... You reported it? Good luck with that. Would you like a pacifier? This user's account has been deleted. This reminds me of another Kickstarter, Nanohive. About two weeks ago it was reported to Kickstarter and was pulled from the site until the creators could come up with more info for proof of concept. @Stephen; I'm not even concerned about the buggy beta version. I'd be happy to be part of the process. I'm more concerned about the things that people are pointing out about development issues, doctored photos, and too good to be true pricing. If it's so close that finished hardware is available in July, then there are prototypes already and they need to be seen. There's nothing proprietary about the hardware that can be gleaned from a couple exterior shots and hopefully a few minutes video of an already booted unit doing at least part of its job wouldn't give anything else away. Until them I'm unconvinced. I've tipped a couple reporters as well and hope they'll do the due diligence and look into this. @Nicholas Agreed! Too much worry over these triple-double-behind-the-scenes-developer-sneak-attack-limited-july-august-september-october-beta-release pledge levels, but nothing SOLID. I understand not wanting to give away your secrets, but we need SOMETHING. If I do continue to back this project, how can I OPT OUT of getting some half-finished device in a case held together with rubber bands and OPT IN to getting the FINAL VERSION of the device(s)? @Daniel - First, my comment was on Reddit, stop your stalking behavior, I've reported it. Second. Soap offered to talk directly with sairon, he refused. He could have been a man and talked to them, that's the honest thing to do. That wouldn't prevent him from continuing his comments here or on Reddit and I never suggested he stop. Another project I'm following. SeeSpaceAR, also seem too good to be true - for backers outside US anyway. The creators said it will support anywhere in the world and then on another question US would be priority with the rest to follow some time(?) in future. And few questions after saying it will support no matter where you are...? At least they seem to have working prototype although how well it'd work in real situation is anyone's guess... Compared to that Soap is... well... don't tell me I'm not paranoid... @David Ferrey, this is a matter that concerns all backers. Taking it to private is ludicrous. As I have said from the start of this project, my main concerns is money. How can they provide a router starting at $60 with all these features? Powered with an ARM Quad-core Processor, Latest 802.11AC WI-FI Speeds, Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth 4.0, RFID/NFC built in, Virus and Malware Protection, Touch Screen Display, Multiple color cases, shipping back beta units "free of charge" to local or international, multiple hard drive options, etc, etc. Is the kitchen sink also included? Making multiple accounts here and elsewhere is also very suspicious. I do not buy the "outside funds for third party, or from their own pocket" thing. With all these things above, this product would seem to be selling at a loss. No company would sell at a loss, unless they have the capital (e.g. Sony and PS3, PS4) and believe they can make the money back. I backed the project a day or two ago with hopes of picking up the 'Touch' as it's an incredible idea and has potential to be a great product. As I have with other things I think are great ideas, I shared on Reddit and other places, and someone pointed out the soapy bubble thread... After glancing through the strings here I've dropped my pledge to $1. I have to say that if I don't see a video of at least a semi-working prototype in a few days I'm going to have to pull my funding completely and will suggest others do the same. @Mark and @Trevor - I can recommend you watching the reddit, I'm not the only person who has deeper knowledge about the subject and the project does not seem trustworthy to him - for example see Vermilion's comment there. @Trevor, I have to admit that I've been thinking for some time now (see my much earlier posts) that this is highly likely to be fake, but like you I've stayed in waiting to be convinced - I'm not yet! However, the more I think about it I'm starting to believe that this is less a fake KS to defraud backers, but more of a hoax to prove how gullible we may all be. Exactly how difficult would it be to put up a spec and images of a supposed prototype 'product' that was all singing and all dancing and just what everyone (despite their various and disparate individual requirements) wanted? And then answer every comment wanting more with 'Yes we can'? Watching this unfold is thoroughly interesting - at least from a sociological perspective - and I've still got 17 days within which to bale should I need to. Umm.... I must say that I started out as a firm believer in this project but I have gradually become more skeptical. However, they still have 17 days to convince me. @Asterix - the problem is that legitimacy of the project is judged by the backers - KS does not involve in this. You can read that in FAQ. And as you can see, it's really hard to get any details about the technical details or manufacture/prototyping process, so you do not have any hard evidence that this project is not real. I'm sorry to say that, but I am still fairly conviced about that. I agree too. It's either a video or getting reported on KS I agree. A video showing a functional soap prototype would defidently give this project more merit. @Soap - Maybe you could post a video of all the creators with a working Soap prototype - show some internals on the camera maybe. No one would be able to steal your design from a short video. Then I could maybe reconsider my opinions. I agree that I was wrong with the teenagers - Alex is 27 (but looks younger on the video), but that does not change anything about the remaining concerns. I'm really not liking all these fake kickstarter accounts e.g. Shea Asik and Dave Oswiler. They certainly seem like red flags. @Asterix - Yes and no. I am working on a router, but it's a device that has completely different target marget (in fact, it's a non-profit project). If you are concerned, send me a message on reddit (sorry if you don't have an account there, but it takes just few seconds to create one) and I'll be glad to tell you details. To everyone who is real lets decide if we need to report this project. One person doing is not going to help. sairon - Soap has suggested you contact them directly to address your concerns, have you done that? Also, please read the "Be respectful and considerate" guidelines. Stop attacking other posters. If you have an issue with this project, take it up with Kickstarter. @sairon, are you working on a similar router My try to spread info to germans <url>#more-96967 @Dave - could you explain why do you have Guy Yosiphon, a random software developer/researcher (<url>"Soap Bubbles" or "Soap with no rope" are for the last two stretch goals? This user's account has been deleted. $100K - congratulations guys! @Soap With all the comments I'm not sure if you missed my question. You seem to be very punctual about addressing questions, so I just wanted to make sure you didn't miss it about how the spy mode works. If not can you create a spouse cam mode? Can spymode be used to catch my cheating spouse? @Soap that sounds great for the designs bamboo would be the only other one I would toss into the mix cause who can say no to some fancy wood :) Agreed on that. Also Carbon fiber sounds great. This user's account has been deleted. @Soap, can you make it clear, which board on the pictures is your prototype (maybe provide a direct link to the image)? You also claimed (in the campaign description) that the screenshots are your final design, but they're just screenshots of Novena you said you used as a development board. Why didn't you post screenshots of your prototype instead? @Soap As long as you bring it up. How does the Spymode work? Do you need something installed on every computer, smartphone, and tablet to see those screens? Does it work across all those platforms? This user's account has been deleted. Almost at 100,000! Love the new pledge levels! Can't wait. Carbon Fiber would be cool and probably my favorite. I'm thinking Black and White would be the most popular colors. I bet another popular one would be a metal look like the iMac has Gunmetal or Carbon fiber :) Novena (not Kosagi) is a platform designed by bunnie as the core for an open "hacker notebook". There were only prototypes of that board, it's not a board that you can buy directly on the internet - you will have to get it made - and it would not be cheap, for example because of the FPGA chip there. Did you get that board made? Or are you even somehow affiliated with bunnie? This user's account has been deleted. If it's really your design on the screenshots, how come it looks EXACTLY SAME like the Novena platform by bunnie? <url>#3 Hey everyone, I'm a little bit confused by the estm. delivery time! I pledged for a super early one #5 an it still says september. Do I have to change my pledge if i want to get it early?? Thanks for your help! Hello guys, who designed the circuit board? The description of your team does not mention anyone who's responsible for this. Also, did you create the design that's on the screenshots completely from scratch? And do you have any screenshots of the current design, with separate boards? @Soap.. I'm even more eager now to get my hands on soap! That's cool. I've not heard of Flypaper and will probably have to research it more. Thanks again for putting much thought into the design and OS as a whole. *Hint* include a secret developer mode :) just like in android. @Soap you wrote to @Aaron "You won't be receiving a less valuable product you will even have the option to trade it for free shipping and 0 cost at final release. So the options are Early edition- help the team test and develop the product and then get the final edition traded when ready also will be getting perks for being an Early Tester we just haven't decided on what yet or pledge for the later one which will be updated but you won't receive right away." Just to clarify, we are stilling talking that it is the same HW, its only SW that’s need to update? (i know there maybe can be a higher degree of defect HW on the early ones). It’s just sounds strange then to offer to trade it in or are we talking about other things then SW? @creator thanks for the immidiate reply! What i'd be interested in is the power consumption in the idle mode, for example by night when no device is connected. As the Sope will be in idle most of the time, i don't really care about what the power consumption at full load is. But a low idle-consumption would be very important (to me). Nevertheless the information of how much power is needed when streaming a video via wifi would be interesting, but not as important than idle. Thanks, GL nope, still locked out... It remembers my failed attempts to login to @Soap.. very much agreed. I haven't played around with the other distro like ubuntu but i've used kbuntu before.. It will be a nice feature (for future release) enable phone as keyboard or support for bluetooth/usb keyboard. Keep up the good work! Forgot to ask also since you were mentioning Kali, it is very particular on the wireless chipset. Will the chipset be compatible with Kali or else an external usb wifi dongle can be used. @Creators, do we get to pick the color we want? I like White. @Soap, who did the promotional videos? Cartoon/Voice... They are well done. @Soap.. I have been using Kali for a few months now and for a lot of security penetration/testing at work and off but I would still consider myself a novice. Since the touch will be touchscreen was hoping it will have touch keyboard or so to maneuver around the command line Registered last friday, will the ones of us whom have registered before the issues are fixed need to remake our accounts after you're done fixing the registrations process or will we find a confirmation email in our inbox soon? I got the new form but it stills remembers the failed attempt and rejects my username and email Hi everyone. I am quite excited about the soap an I hope it will pass the EU-Certification process and import rules (see the pebble-eu-import-desaster), so that i am able to put my hands on it in sept.! One question: Can you make any statement about the power consuption? Best Regards, Patrick Thank you! I have changed my pledge to the sneak attack double trouble special, but would also like to be an early tester. Will this be possible? @Soap - Pending approval... Hi, You mentioned that Soap will work with Peeblebee and XY tags, will it also work with Bringrr tags? Mark Signed up, waiting on approval Will the SDK be ready for us July beta testers? So, do I need to change my pledge again? I understand that the early edition will get lots of updates... I want the early testing edition! :) So I think you said somewhere, when all is said and done we will be able to trade that version in for a final "release" version if there is any difference? Is that correct? As a dev - if it isn't released, it's a beta...unless you want to call it a Release Candidate. ;) Just curious why you are doing them that way. Shouldn't people who pledged earlier get them sooner. And what exactly would be the benefit of keeping my pledge for the October delivery date one instead of the July delivery date one. I guess I'm trying to figure out why someone would choose to have it later rather than sooner if given the choice. I must be missing something. I'm curious about all the inconsistencies in the delivery dates on the pledges. Are they all shipping in July? How are people who are just now pledging for the Touch getting an estimated July ship date when those of us who pledged for the Touch earlier have an October listed date? Brilliant. Love your work. Pledged for a touch. My primary interest is for home automation so providing a solid platform, API, and supporting tools are key. I'd be moving from a Vera Lite, if Soap can deliver. Sensastional. I am in Australia and can't wait. Will it come with an AUS power adaptor? Can I confirm that my pledge for $150 is for the Touch device and not the essentials? The wording is confusing. Touch in the title, but Essentials in the description. Woot. Thanks, pledge updated. Excited... get some rest ;) So it looks like the description for your last pledge deal might be wrong... it says Touch in the title, but essentials in the description. The price is the same as the touch, so can we assume its a typo? I'd like to change my pledge to the earlier one, but wan to be sure its the touch version.... thanks Personally, I don't care about nor see the point for KS branding. That's a waste of funds and resources. @Soap.. will you be having a Kickstarter version.. Perhaps a KS stamp somewhere :D. Just wanting to know that we are not the same as the retail bunch Thanks @Soap.. I can't wait for Kali Linux access for the soap. Will I be able to do something like the reaver pro? for security editing purposes hello @Soap.. I'm so angry I didn't jump on this sooner. Sigh at least I'm still happy that i'll be getting it nonetheless. Anyway I have 1 question today regarding the soap touch. I see that the soap essential can mirror to phone but can the soap touch even though it has a screen can it mirror to a phone too? @Soap, I hope too indeed as I want the device today :) Would this work with another Kickstarter project called Ubi? @Daniel, what Andrew is saying is to keep the hardware specs the same. More differences mean more problems. I don't think touch screen and camera are related. There are a lot of security systems like the canary that have camera but no screen @Andrew, what would be the point of having a camera on a device that doesn't have a display? @Asterix - Thanks for the link and very appropriate to the topic. yep - its a crazy world we live in and sometimes the more connected we get the more we're just asking for more trouble. @Asterix, Even if they ship late they will still be beta units and may have problems. Hopefully the bugs would be software and not hardware issues. And hopefully they will have a way for the user to re-flash the firmware without shipping the unit back. If there is a hardware issue, what happens if the unit is scratched and can't be resold to someone else as a new unit? This user's account has been deleted. Just yesterday there was an article in fortune about KS surpassing 1 billion dollars. With the to 50 projects in KS 84% of projects shipped late. @Automate, with all due respect to @Soap, I do not expect the device in July even though it says July. I am expecting it in September only. I am assuming there will be no need for swapping then. There's a lot of work that needs to be done. I am in for the long haul and prepared to wait. Said by Fizard "Also in this statement "All the Super Early Adopters will have the chance to swap out their Soaps with the finalized model in the fall if needed." Does this include Non-USA backers? How will we send you the beta SOAP if needed? Will we have to pay the shipping to send it?" Answered by Soap @Fizard "There will be no shipping cost. We will send you the replacement and when you receive it you will also receive a shipping label and box to send the old one back." @Soap, This seems like it could cost Soap a lot of money. Assuming international shipping cost $35 each way and you have to make two extra shipments you are going to spend $70 extra on something the customer may have only payed $60.(Soap Essentials) @Kevin, you'd like this <url>#mobify-bookmark @Soap, yes I have seen that. I think ideally if you are going to offer some sort of two factor authentication option, it would be nice to have a few options (SMS, Google Authenticator, Yubikey, etc.) I don't know exactly how much work it would be to integrate those into your existing software, however I would imagine that at least Google Authenticator and Yubikey shouldn't be too difficult given that they have pretty extensive and easy to use APIs. Having a couple of the more popular options would be nice to be able to integrate with what people are already using for other sites/software/etc. Some other thoughts regarding security and two factor... I think it would make sense to have different levels of security based on the method of access. For instance, if you're at the physical router, most likely you are authorized to be using it, unless someone has broken into your home or something. Therefore, it would seem sufficient to have maybe a simple pin based security when managing directly from the device, just to keep the kids from messing with it or anything. For managing via the mobile apps, maybe there could be a way to authenticate/link your device (phone/tablet/etc.) initially, and then going forward just have a simple pin or password based security to login to the app. The initial link could be done via a QR code or some kind of one time code. This would provide a sort of two factor authentication, as you would need something you have (linked phone/tablet), as well as something you know (pin/password). Having the option to view what devices are linked, and potentially unlink a device from the management panel could be a useful option as well. Finally, the highest security concern would be managing via the web interface, as this could potentially be accessed from anywhere. For this, I think two factor authentication would be great to have (via SMS, Google Authenticator, Yubikey, or whatever). These are all just ideas of course, I just figured I'd throw them out there to see what you and others think. Just want to make sure of something: I purchased the Jul 2014 $150 level. It says Soap Touch Super Early Adopter, then it says you get a Soap Essentials Device later on... assume that's a copy & paste error? SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS: Be one of the 100 lucky people to get the Soap Essentials Device for 50 dollars off of the retail pricing. Daniel I truly agree. Soap is a great product and I'm excited to see what it does! to much can end up not working out great. Soap already does a lot of things. Let's not overload it with tons of features that may end up not working well together. A product that does one thing best is better than one that tries to do everything and fails miserably. What's the chance of adding: Nest Thermostat, Philips Hue lights, Sonos Hi-Fi System, and Belkin WeMo. I see that there is a product already out that can also do the above. I think that it would enhance the saleability of your product, with what it should also be able to do. @Soap, pipe dream of yours or Google's in thinking that Apple would ever add it to their devices? This user's account has been deleted. @Soap, I thought we could access the console remotely too? Also, my Apple devices don't have NFC... @Chris - the Google authenticator would be an interesting Soap integration for that... @Mike Smith - Thanks, that looks very interesting. Have you seen this too? <url>"upgrading" to a Soap-II in the future less costly for those who spent more upgrading to the Touch version originally because they could most likely keep their existing screens, just replace the base. Again, just an idea... @Soap, since the final design hasn't been made (from my understanding) - have you guys ever considered having a truly universal Soap device? What I mean is could the Touch Screen not be designed in such a way that it could be in it's "own case" then clipped right onto a Universal Soap device on the top? Once clipped in it wouldn't really appear any different, other than an extra seam where the two go together. This would allow anyone at any time the ability to just upgrade to the touch screen if they wanted to and you wouldn't have to fiddle with two completely different devices. Would also potentially make the Beta process easier and less costly because you could just send out a new "base" because the likelihood of the screen having an interface change is truly remote. Just an idea... you're the designers... I know that the "Soap with No Rope" is still a pipe dream and I'll be all but shocked if in the next 18days the campaign goes from 100k to 400k, but I've seen stranger things happen before. But I have a question on what you guys have been thinking about. Would this only be for a one-way trip for WAN to Soap or is your vision to have WIFI for both WAN to Soap AND Soap back to LAN? @Chris H, I agree with you. I think most users would want the QAC2300 first before a battery. Realistically, the router is just going to be sitting somewhere in the house connected to a power source. I think Soap needs to stay consistent with both products, feature-wise. I can understand the display for the Touch, because it's not a big difference. +1 for Chris's comment about the performance vs battery. I already use UPSs on my main WIFI router & modem. Having a battery inside of Soap might be good for temporarily moving it, but how often will that ever happen in real life? @Soap, for your question "Besides disconnecting and going off the grid" - yea, I'm not sure going off grid works too much anymore with some of the stuff the NSA and other agencies are probably doing anyway. It is a very crazy world we live in. Unfortunately anything designed by man can be compromised by man given enough time, determination, and ingenuity. All we can do is try and be as diligent as we can be in our efforts to make systems secure until the next inevitable breach. Nothing will ever be 100% secure, but good design practices, some policies, and even lessons learned from others can definitely assist in making systems more secure. One lesson we've been employing in the payment industry for quite some time now is the mandatory requirement of at least a two-factor authentication for any remote access into a secure network. we'll be seeing even more of this "two-factor" authentication in the upcoming years as the credit card companies are moving us all to a chip & PIN for transactions at the register. For me I'd love to see some type of two-factor authentication built right into Soap that would require a "what I know" password and a SMS messaged "use once PIN" sent to my "what I have" cell phone whenever I try and access Soap and it's console. This might sound inconvenient to some (and really should be an option anyway for us more paranoid types), but this level of authentication would alert me if someone was trying to access it when I wasn't. In addition, simple alert messages/emails/log sent whenever a security defined change is made to Soap would be valuable, just like FB and countless other systems do to verify that you're aware something has changed. I'd also love to see that the Boot OS SD card you've mentioned is secure in someway as well. Not just for my home mind you, but I can see Soap (hopefully) deployed as an appliance in businesses as well and in order to do that then Soap would most likely fall within the scope of validation that companies processing credit cards are suppose to adhere to. If the SD card can simply be removed, potentially modified, and then replaced - then it can be potentially easily to compromise without the knowledge of those who are responsible for security. Having some way of electronically tagging the Boot OS and validating by something within the firmware would help, but also making your case design incorporate tamper detection would be wonderful too - and most likely WAY beyond this KS campaign's design requirements. If the touchscreen is the only difference between the two devices, why would using the Quantenna QAC2300 in the essentials require such a drastic increase in funding? It wold seem that the vast majority of users would want the best wireless performance possible, being that it's a wireless router and all, before worrying about things like an internal battery. Just my opinion. Any idea on what the "rough" open VPN performance would be ? @Soap, have you contracted with a "Network Penetration experts" or company that does validation then? If so, can you tell us what company that is? @Soap - Thanks for the quick replies last night Alex Stretch #4 shows delivery date of 2016.. Not sure if you were aware. Hey guys, have you sent out any prototypes for third-party reviews? I went through the sites you advertise as "mentioned on" and they all seem to be using the same images and copy from the project on KS. There are a lot of good ideas here and I'd like to see somebody not affiliated with you or the project put Soap through its paces and reassure me that it all works as advertised and doesn't suffer from "too good to be true". Hi soap team, congrats for reaching 80,000 plus! Have a question for ya. Will your software be able to send a snap shot photo of an image with a compatible camera once motion is detected or if a door/window sensor is triggered. Hope it will as I have been looking for a home automation/software that offers this. Thanks for your time. How much more funding would you need for the Quantenna QAC2300 chipset to be included? @Soap, thanks I wonder if HDMI CEC is supported for Soap Essentials / Touch. I wasn't able to find anything definite for Android and/or the FAQ of this device. @Please do not forget the iOS app? Will we get it in July?. I want the iPad app since I am not getting the touch screen. This user's account has been deleted. @Soap - thank you for the quick reply. RIght now I have to manage everything via the Vera but control it on the phone with the AutHomationHD which is a nice and sleek Interface (which the vera is not so much) May be worth reaching out to the AutoHomationHD devs if something worth taking a look at. :) @Soap I understand... I look forward to seeing how it all works. This may be a dumb question but I should be able to use this and replace my VeraLite for my automation with the z-Wave chip correct? If so is it 3rd party software you are using for setup or in house built for the automation control? I have a question, that I can't see an answer for, but apologies if it's already been asked. I noted your update about the PebbleBee, and I wondered how well we'll be able to use and trigger events based on different types of Home Automation systems? IE Will I be able to trigger an email when a Zigbee door sensor senses that a door is open and a Z-Wave lightswitch notes that a light is on when all the PebbleBee's have left the house? I apologize if this was asked before, but is Soap PoE? This user's account has been deleted. Hey Soap Creators Just had some questions about the product and the info thats been posted so far(loving the progress). any plans on updating or upgrading the wireless to the ac2300 ? (descriptions still say ac1750) Will the soap have detectable antennas ? Also any plans on upgrading the sata2 to sata 3? For the usb 3.0 will they be using the USAP ? hope to hear back thanks again Every time I read or see Soap's purposed "Spy" software - I cringe. I deal with PCI credit card compliancy and QSA validation requirements as a point of sale software developer and I'm constantly amazed at the creativity and ingenuity of attackers and the determination they have for compromising systems. Some of Soaps software features make it a tantalizing point of entry for attackers looking to compromise someones complete network and home, especially with all the home automation and home security features its going to potentially integrating with. I'm very interested in what they've also purposed for network intruder detection and the other security features they've touched on. Transparency in features and design will ultimately determine this devices viability as a security appliance and worthy of the communities trust and continued use of Soap. +405 for Serge's comment... (Assuming we all have the same concerns, which I know we all do)... ;) @Soap, was the 125 meters line of sight or through walls? If through walls, how many? Was that off the single antenna? How many other WIFI devices were connected to Soap at the same time at that distance? What data throughput were you hitting at 125 meters? What software are you using to test the performance? Correct :). Soap will have access to an incredible amount of private data. We'd like to hear that you're not going to be, say, quietly collecting usage logs like Samsung does with their smart TV offerings. Additionally, Soap is a perfect host for malicious attacks such as MITM. Are there any measures in place to secure it beyond what you get with a typical android tablet? For example, many free apps on the google play store collect personal information. How would you stop someone from making a popular free app for Soap which also happens to be a backdoor with full access to the traffic of all connected devices? Hello, I'm very excited to see an open platform for home networking and automation! Privacy and security is very important to everyone today, can you please elaborate on your privacy policy (we want to hear an absolute guarantee that you won't knowingly monitor any data) and your approach to securing the platform against attacks and backdoors? Thanks @Soap very nice update future on home page I really like it. The end of project before you ship our pledge if you can have tip sheet how to get those future step by step for us will be very awesome (if what add on need or recommend from 3rd party will be also cool). I believe a lot people include me don't really understand much about technology (Insteon, ZigBee, Z-Wave, Wemo, TCP, BLE, Vuezon, ...) than just sound cool i want to have those future. wow i know when my kid gone or when they back turn on my tv when i m home bla bla. Thanks so much if you can do that ^_^ so happy to see more pledge add. @Soap, LOL, ok, you can skip the teenager leaving the house. I am sure everyone will appreciate if you were able to make the videos. thanks. Looking forward to them. What WiFi chipset is used in Soap? Have you tried to measure the coverage with supplied antenna? Sound soap from u reply Asterix. Maybe it can get some people or maybe me get more than one :) @Soap, the 10 things soap can do is awesome. But, how many can you show on video it doing before the campaign ends? @Soap regarding @Fizards question, then there is not zwave and zigbee before 325k? or is it allready in the touch at the price now? This user's account has been deleted. Hi there. Wasn't there 2 stretch goals that would give backers a security hardware (Z-Wave or Zigbee if record correctly) free if it reached the goal? Also in this statement "All the Super Early Adopters will have the chance to swap out their Soaps with the finalized model in the fall if needed." Does this include Non-USA backers? How will we send you the beta SOAP if needed? Will we have to pay the shipping to send it? Regards One quick question that was just brought up to me.. Will the Insteon controller be Dual-Band (powerline and RF) or RF only? This user's account has been deleted. @Creator Glad to hear it, and thanks for the quick response! It was even more reading your responses to comments (like your reference to Tasker as your automation inspiration) than your outstanding hardware package that motivated me to pledge. Thanks again, I'll be patiently awaiting what I anticipate to be my final home automation solution! Congratulations :) Initial Goal Reached I can't express enough how happy I am to have found your project and quickly pledged for a Soap Touch. One function I would like to see implemented, that I haven't seen previously mentioned, is calendar integration with the home automation system. I currently have a Vera 2 unit, and using my Gmail calendar as an event trigger for some of my scenes has become something I really don't want to live without. Hopefully, if this is something you haven't already considered, you will consider it now. Keep up the great work! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. hmm kickstarter is not like indiegogo, would correct my typo to i rather have the 4 lans instead of esata :) sorry @Soap, can you just answer the questions by prefixing just the name of the asker! It's highly confusing to read your posts if you copy the entire question The longer people have to add on extras (and the more options available to spend money on), the closer we can get to the stretch goals! Oh, got email confirmation that "Yes you can over pledge to get multiple devices." Hopefully that will give us a boost as well. Thanks for the response. the last one was more if SOAP was thinking about removing the 4 lans insted of a sata, then i would be able to use it, due to much wifi devices in the area. :) so rather the old sata, people could mabye use USB3 :) @soap, can we get an update at some point (likely closer to the end of the kickstart) detailing add-ons? With extenders, bubbles, possible zwave sensors, and additional units, it would be nice to know the price breakdowns as I might want to add an essential to my early bird touch. Thanks. You're welcome :-) Thanks to whomever opened up the Touch Super Early slot. I just freed up an Essentials Super early slot. Thanks for the quck responce too my questions, but have some few followup: in regards to the MIMO, is the antenne 3X3 or? Are all antennas build in, an if will it be a problem with interferes? Do you have an video or can descripe how if I want to use the home automation to setup a scene if an zwave door trigger a phillips hue light? *my fear is its only light one/off, and not much more? I have a power reader to zwave that logs data, will it be possible to log data to the device also? <url>"hidemyass" would be a great feature Yes!!!!Goal Reached :) - well done Can I install HideMyAss into Soap without going through the troublesome ddwrt? This user's account has been deleted. @creator, missed my question re web based interface. Where's the video that was due this weekend? Also, where is the video/image of the prototype? Thanks @Soap - that looks promising. I might also take a look at the published XML communication protocol and web service protocol of Elve from Codecore Technologies. That is a very nice implementation. I think you will get some good ideas from that. Also as a developer if I could STRONGLY suggest, please implement a direct socket connection and allow messages to be passed back and forth that way as well as the RESTful web services. Both sockets and web services can be coded by most languages quite easily once you publish your messaging structure. However, the downside to REST is the overhead added by constant polling if you want real time updates. Broadcasting a message over the socket to anyone who is listening is the best way to go if you have a choice to do it from scratch. As you can see from Elve's XML implementation, it's also very easy to handle from a coding standpoint. I definitely can't want for a look at your API now! @soap oh also about RAM remember i was ask you before. if it can be add-on let me know also. :D almost hit your goal. I hope you guy can meet your max stretch goals. i want to have everything haha. @Soap on updated 9 you was talking about "The Soap Wi-Fi Extender" as add-on? and see your comment below that is not part of my pledge. if that so can you make it clear what are add-on how good it is (rang ....), and how we add it and is that available now? cos it can increase number of $ for your goal. This user's account has been deleted. @Asterix and @ Dennis. Yeah July sounds like a longshot. Have either of you seen the project Webee on indiegogo. Check it out and let me know what you think. This user's account has been deleted. Thank you Kevin! +1 to @Edward and @dennis, anyone pledging should be in for the long haul. July looks next to impossible. @Edward I'd be very surprised if this can be delivered this year. From past experience complex devices like this one need to add around 12+ mth on top of promised (wished) delivery date. :p @soap, as you're considering extenders and "bubbles" and how those are possibly designed - please consider allowing for at least two removable antennas on them and possibly even two wired Ethernet connections as well. For the two antennas, the advantage this creates is being able to place the extender in the best possible location for reception, then having a second antenna with a short wired extension going through or around an obstacle that might create interference otherwise. I currently do this with the extenders I already own allowing me for example to have an extender in the basement with one of the two antennas on it having a short extension cable running up the stairway wall. I also do this in a far bedroom with one of the two antennas having a short cable poking through the exterior wall to a high gain antenna for outside reception on the property. Having the extenders allowing for two Ethernet would possibly allow an extender to be hard wired back to the main network for speed of the WIFI it receives and also allowing it to provide other wired network devices a connection back as well. @Shea - see Update #9 for stretch goals a little over 2,000 left before you reach the goal! Can't wait to see Stretch Goals! With all these great features included with SOAP, realistically, when can one expect to have your device? Will it really be in July for super early backers like myself or should I be prepared to receive it around Christmas time? @SOAP, My question is HOW is the API going to work? How are we going to get notifications and interact with Soap. Socket, web service...? How will the API let us interact with Soap and what will we be able to do with it? Would I directly get a notification of a device status change, can I run an event, etc. When might we be able to see the API? @Creator, please respond to the questions/comments posted under the last update. Thanks. @Soap, I don't see a response to GatorEye's question GatorEye 3 days ago said "3) As a developer I would want to integrate the Soap into my existing home automation system. However the key is to have an interface exposed that allows status updates and control of the devices connected to it. Is this possible, and if so how (socket connection, RESTful web services, etc)?" I know you added a developer special but that's not the same as an API This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @creator, Please check your updates comment sections for questions. Also, can you verify that all router functions will be configurable externally from a browser based interface as with a standard router? In your last post you stated the WIFI extender would be an add on for a price. Howerver, its still listed under touch specs. Is every touch going to include a WIFI extender or not for the pledged amount? Also, the Linux SD stretch goal said "option of ordering" - is this an additional charge or will it be included for the pledge amount? Will we be able to just download the Boot images right from your web site as well? can you post a video of the SOAP without the touch screen. Perhaps some might want to upgrade to the one with the screen. Synology NAS servers have this feature called EZ Internet Wizard (<url>"Soap with No Rope is 1 to 1 connection. You will be given a small Ethernet/USB hardware piece that will plug into your WAN source (Modem or router) this will then transmit the signal at wireless gigabyte speed to Soap and would remove the need for the cord to get the internet flowing.‏" Wireless connectivity instead of being connected by a cord is the stretch goal. Hi. The 400k stretch goal says there will be a direct connection to modem/router.How will it connect to the modem/router if this isn't reached? @Ben A. It's a typo. They can't edit the perk after it has a backer. Why do the Touch early adopters options show "essential" in the details? Hahaha, seems like a few mistakes slipped through the editing process. Anyways, could you guys contact these guys and try to incorporate their idea into your project? <url>#4 : 5 backers All gone! EXTENDED #4 SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS: Be one of the 50 lucky people to get the Soap Touch Device for 50 dollars off of the retail pricing. FREE USA SHIPPING! Estimated delivery: Oct 2016 <- I think that this his the wrong date?? :-P Add $35 USD to ship outside the US @RL try Extended #5 its the same but loads left :) hope that helps.... come on Soap Nearly there :) @Soap Pls check Pledge EXTENDED #4 shows 5 backers only. @Creator Does the HDMI also provides digital audio and is soap capable of 1080p there ? I appreciate your plans for surveying of possible modifications, but you should also provide your estimated risk and impact to get a responsible backer decision. I personally do not need a optical audio output, because my home audio receiver get audio streams over LAN or (soapfully) by HDMI. Would it be possible to see a simple board layout before we are voting on what to add and what to remove (if we are voting about that at all) Personally I am against removing anything for an esata port. Mainly because the functionality can be achieved with the very fast usb3.0 ports already. Also the amount of disks that are exclusively esata is relatively small. Even though I have not tested it myself there might be a performance benefit to attaching to esata (cpu offloading?) but I would like to ask the pro-esata people out there to come up with some numbers. I would like this choice to be about performance and not because it feels good to attach a disk to its own port. Adding optical audio on the other hand (even though I don't own any optical audio gear) seems as adding a functionality that is not overlapping. +1 for optical audio -1 for removing any LAN ports Soap said " We are going to do a final survey for Requested LAN ports and would gladly replace some of the connectors with a eSATA or optical audio etc." How will this work? Even if the majority vote to eliminate some of the Ethernet ports there may be some that pledged based upon the specs you have posted and need/want them. Will they be able to cancel their pledge? eSATA would be really nice to have, then soap could double (or octuple or whatever you are up to atm :) ) as a really neat NAS too. Yes I know there are USB ports but no, I want eSATA for disk. Just Backed! Can't wait for Soap! Good morning Alex and everyone, Alex, in your comment you said: Available but Removed as of now eSata Optical Audio Serial Camera(Early design from wand board design look at wand board and see camera connection) ---------- Q: is there a chance those could be added back? All those features would be great and I dont think I need to describe why here. If they were removed because of lack of room on the box only, getting rid of three of the four extra LAN would give tons of extra room for these more valuable and feature rich connections. This user's account has been deleted. Is there a video coming in the near future showing an actual prototype??? It looks really as a good device, however wanted to hear how it is when i have to use is in Denmark/EU, is the power 110-240v?, and are the wifi and zwave also to use back home? Is there also MIMO build in? And for z-wave hos is the setup for scenes, ip cam´s rec, the play between difference z-wave (door lock) and zigbee (phillips hue), that let me turn the light on when the door is open. Is the Wan for normal internet from the ISP router or does it have ADSL/VDSL? thanks keep up the good work This user's account has been deleted. Sorry if you guys have already answered that question. Kickstarter needs a search function for comments. =) @Soap: What certifications would you guys be doing? FCC, CE, C-Tick, NCC, UL, TÜV, JET? What countries will you be finally allowed to send your product to legally? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Add me to the list of people who want a much better explanation of the Andrew Stevenson person. Why would you quote him and say you needed another account to field questions and then claim you have no idea who he is and talk about how frustrated you are? Seriously. Why would you quote him? I'd pay a small amount extra to add-on a camera. Given the relative modularity of the soap (msata, etc) having some upgrade options might be nice (though I recognize it would complicate fulfillment.) Since the Touch has that nice screen, if it had a front camera (or the ability to add one via usb) it could pull extra duty as a skype cam, or remote IP Cam. I know I can monitor IP cams from the SOAP with 3rd party apps, but if it had its own camera (or usb drivers) I see a lot of potential. Another home automation, android powered product I recently backed was the bRight switch, which is basically a mini android tablet that acts in place of a wall switch, what drew me in was that it had mic/speaker, light sensor and camera so it could intercom and audio/video monitor the location it was installed at. Something worth considering, being that the soap is shaping up to be so much more than a router. Very interesting stuff! I havent seen it explicitly stated that for the home automation pieces you will have any "scene" support or similar. What do you have planned? Will there be a cloud-connected component? Whatever details you could provide would be great. With the inclusion of the mPCIe slot for a possible GSM backup internet connection, what I had originally thought about for a dual WAN setup through SOAP wouldn't be necessary. Besides, if I ever did need another LAN connections from SOAP for whatever reason, could you not just run a USB->NIC especially with the USB 3.0 speeds? And while I'm at it - is it set in stone for the four extra LAN ports? Personally I'd never use them and I'd love to see a poll of SOAP backers to see how many would use more than two or three - not the five you're total Ethernet you're planning on having on SOAP. I've got gigabit switches everywhere in my house to help distribute networking already. I'd much rather see the room those extra ports take up being used for connecting other future devices to SOAP.. Were you still going to possibly open up pins or a plug for Arduino or RasPi signals? If you are considering integrating IR, having IR both ways would be wonderful so it could output like a blaster attachment. This could open up all sorts of things like a motion detector sending a signal to SOAP which in turn outputs the IR signal to the AV equipment to turn on when you enter the room and then off when you leave. Maybe having it turn on the stereo on and then changing the channel to a talk radio channel if motion is detected and you've set SOAP into an alarm mode and something has triggered an alert making it sound/appear like someone is home. Can we get a clarified and detailed listing of exactly what physical connection ports there will be on SOAP. I've seen now postings with the two USB, five LAN connectors (1-wan, 4-lan), HDMI, etc - however, I'm not completely sure what else there is because I had assumed that with the use of the Wanboard that there would be the optical audio port, but you mentioned it's been removed. For clarity I'd have you include in one posting specifically everything if it's designed to be attached to on SOAP including the WIFI antenna (maybe even it's connector type and dB rating) and even the power plug (maybe even with it's projected power rating). Most of us here I'm sure imagine every plug and how we'll put it to use when we get it. Personally I think if SOAP would only do just the wireless part of x10 then that would set them apart from others as well as feed into their ideal of a unified wireless hub of everything. For x10, as far as additional price, if it was anything more than around $10 more for the native ability within SOAP then no because I can find x10 USB dongles for that. Personally my whole reason for wanting SOAP is to get a unified solution to things and start having my Zigbee, z-wave, and x10 devices I have now play better together and have a more unified network hub for things I'm already planning. Currently I have a HTPC setup with a X10 USB transmitter (among many other devices that have unfortunately ended up on that system just because it's on most of the time and is centrally located). For X-10 are you thinking power line, wireless or both? An option for X-10 would be good. @Soap Could you please provide some clarification of the Andrew Stevenson issue? I would like to know why you copy/pasted his response to ZzmadzZ if he isn't in any way connected to your team. Backers are asking a lot of technical questions to determine the validity of this project, but I'm much more concerned about your integrity with regard to this issue. I would pay an additional premium for the x10 support I m in for home automation and security. If price we pay will make up what we get I believe most people will in for that. Good idea is have it as optional or add-on and u can see how many people happy have that option. Or other way do short survey will help give u some idea also. So post your BoM and cost sheet as a public update or give specifics on where it differs from my estimates. Maybe you are getting quotes from unreliable Asian suppliers who will not deliver. "We are awesome, trust us :)" is super sweet, bro, but give us something we can believe in like numbers, a working prototype, and letters of intent from your partners. I'm going to put software and features aside for a minute, since those are much easier to refine and update over time and don't involve external costs. I still have concerns about the BoM and pricing feasibility. Since you haven't posted a detailed BoM, let's do a quick cost analysis for the base version: Freescale iMX.6Q - $25 8GB eMMC - $4 4GB DDR3 - $20 802.11ac router BoM (w/ BT 4.0??) - $20 Insteon BoM - $5 Z-Wave BoM - $5 Zigbee BoM - $5 RFID/NFC BoM - $5 Misc BoM - $5 PCB - $5 Assembly - $10 Enclosure - $5 Power Supply - $2 Packaging & Freight - $2 Distribution - $8 EMC Testing - $5 TOTAL - $131 That is fairly optimistic in my opinion. Now let's take the cheapest quad core android tv stick ($60) and the cheapest 802.11ac router ($60) and slap them together and then take 50% off that cost. So we're already at $60 and that's without the extra 3GB RAM, with a much cheaper quad core chip, without any of the extra radios, without the emc testing. Adding those things back in brings us back up to $115, so the previous estimate seems reasonable. Now, adding the touchscreen isn't going to cost $100 so let's say $161 BoM for the touch version. Even if the majority of people purchase the touch version, 100% of the funding (after fees) goes toward hardware costs, and there are no unexpected expenses (unlikely), there may not be enough funds to pull this off. What has been posted so far does not give me the confidence that the project creator(s) can achieve this feat. Are you guys doing any marketing at all outside of Kickstarter? Seems as though your product has the potential of gaining many more backers if you just get the word out there. Primarily, I think a lot of the Android blogs would find this of great interest. Since I'm also a backer of "Ring" by Logbar here in kickstarter I would love to see the Ring app integrated with Soap! Since both devices are in development it might be something that both groups could work on together. This user's account has been deleted. @Soap - I'm still in favor of native x10 support within Soap as well if you're still finalizing which technologies might be of value to put in. There are so many devices out there that are x10 compliant that are very inexpensive and great for home automation and security. @Soap - Will there be native IR functionality already built into Soap? If not, this would fantastic if it could and such a convenience for home automation with the potential to trigger Z-Wave or other things right from my TV remote without having to dangle a IR USB device off the side. You've mentioned before Soap being able to be used as a Media device, this would come in very handy for that as well. @Soap - fantastic. Thank you. Soap, I hope you will add the videos as well? @ZzMadzZ can you point out where the critiquing happend? So far whenever soap was asked by people here (not on their own afaik) to compare both they said they didn't have access to an almond+ so they are only stating technical differences. Other then that I agree people should focus on soap here and almond+ in the almond+ comments. Hi, i would like to ask, since it has different zwave frequency, do i get to choose the zwave frequency? Okay, I think you guys should stop comparing this router with almond+ in fact I'm not too happy that Soap is actually critising the Almond+. These 2 projects are separate matters and I love both projects and am a backer for both. Firstly, almond+ did not say anything negative about Soap when people asked for a comparison but instead said that this router will be revolutionary if it really suffice. So to be honest we should stop discussing about other products and focus on the merits of Soap. This user's account has been deleted. @SOAP, thank you for all the responses and clarifications to the questions I asked. Hopefully other backers were able to have some of their own initial thoughts addressed with the broad spectrum of them as well. I have no doubt some of the answers will spur on potentially other questions from people, as some of the answers did for me. For now I just have few observations that might help at this point. 1) There seem to be several "mistakes" within the project description text that you've pointed out. Maybe a status update just detailing any and all "mistypes" after a complete review on your end (like the bubbles not being included with touch, the September/October deliverable dates, and something about a rewards level I seem to recall) would be helpful and ensure we're all on the same page. 2) Maybe every few days or so, possibly spend some time and reread this comment section and produce something similar as what you did tonight for all the new questions asked from everyone. Your responses in this form were, at least for me, extremely more clarifying than what "we've" been seeing/experiencing over the last week. 3) I'd still really like to see some answers to questions that many of the other backers have asked along the way too. You have an excited audience for your project here on KS - obviously. Let's keep the dialog constructively going for your project so that we can all benefit ultimately from it. I'm still looking forward to learning more... It's alright for Soap to hide a few things from their backers if it's in regard to their competition. What really concerns me is if they will have enough money to buy all the parts necessary for the project. If there will be any money left for hiring and training staff to deal with support, to establish their business office (if they haven't yet), etc. This all also cost money. @Asterix, It's not right to be making false allegations. Almond+ is within a month (more or less) of shipping. There is no way they will just scrap everything to add additional features. Also, Almond/Almond+ is/was first to bring many of these features (e.g. display, zwave, zigbee, router functionality, etc). Can you name any other router with some of these features? Didn't think so. It seems to me, Soap is adding what Almond+ lacks for an unbelievable price. One thing is realized is there is some merit in @Soap creators being paranoid about their idea being stolen. It's not by some people. It's by almond+. They are ready to produce and can quickly add any functionality in h/w and software. Also they are right in the clone/copy capital of the world. Nice update. I liked it very much :) Guys please give soap sometime it is a lot questions. I think they work so hard and there best to answer you all. Some kick starter I ask them over week they answer or not even answer. I saw soap answer you guy so fast. So please be nice. So happy project getting close to meet the goal. Thanks. OK I asked this this as a private email before I was a backer and got no response. Let me try it again in public. 1) Were you planning on having some type of developer level backing and if so when? 2) Would I be able to sideload custom Android apps onto the Soap or would they have to come from the Google Play Store. 3) As a developer I would want to integrate the Soap into my existing home automation system. However the key is to have an interface exposed that allows status updates and control of the devices connected to it. Is this possible, and if so how (socket connection, RESTful web services, etc)? Finally - just my .02 on the back and forth as to the viability of this project. While you do have grand plans that are obviously drawing quite a bit of interest, it sounds like you are in danger of being crushed under the weight of your own expectations. It almost reminds me of a single man business who gets some massive order for his product, which in turn he commits to, can't fulfill and goes out of business. You know your competition with the Almond+ and backers of that project can tell you how that has gone. As others mentioned they already had a great product in the market before trying to launch another. Your product is more ambitious and they are struggling against the headwinds. If you are going to promise a trip to the moon and the stars, you have to be able to answer almost every question with such clarity and confidence that people won't be afraid it will be a one way trip. While you may successfully meet your funding goal, the mess you'll create for yourself afterwards with unfulfilled expectations from the people who believed in you will not be pleasant for anyone involved. Perhaps you weren't prepared for what to expect here. That's OK. I agree that it does give some pause as to how you are going to manage the project as it moves along if you are struggling in the beginning just handling the KS part of it. Take a moment to drop back and regroup with a solid plan of action on how to move forward. Be active, be honest, and answer as many questions as completely as you can. We all want this to succeed. Firstly, I just want to say up front that I completely understand and accept the risks involved when I back a project here on KS, especially one involving technology. I won’t go into detail about my personal experiences other than to say that I’ve been a professional software developer for nearly 30 years now, so I know intimately the trials and tribulations that come into play when it comes to technology. I want to, and still do to some quickly diminishing extent, believe in this project not just because of its attractive price point, but like many of you IF it will work like what SOAP has been promoting it will hopefully and potentially reduce some of the networking clutter many of us have come to expect in our “dream solution” for our digitally connected homes. This project is ambitious and I want to believe in it, that’s why I’m still backing it for now. This device isn’t something I “need” (like almost everyone here I’d suspect) and most of what it’s purposing upfront to do I’m already doing in one way or another already. This device is simply something I want to want and nothing more. Foremost the following isn’t meant to be or intending to be a personal attack on the one spokesman (I’m assuming one) that we’ve been dealing with here. For me, my personal growing frustration with SOAP is attributed mostly to this one (I’m assuming still) single individual handling the campaigns “message” and their responses (or lack thereof) since the first few hours after this campaign was launched. From the off the hip responses littered with too often obviously careless and numerous typos all the way to questions being completely overlooked and skipped over, it’s troublesome to me because if they cannot handle simple attention to detail NOW with mundane legitimate questions which are apparently “frustrating” (their word) for them to handle, then how on earth will they be able to pull together such an ambitious undertaking like what they are purposing with this project and with a JULY deliverable date no less for what I’ve pledged for. Again, I want to believe and feel I’ve been fairly patient in my personal growing concerns and I’m eagerly awaiting their promised “follow up.” It’s a bit bewildering to me right now seeing the obviously U-Turn and derailment this project has taken for them to want to regroup for so long in presenting whatever it is they’re planning on. The longer they seemingly procrastinate in responding, the greater my expectations are becoming for what I’m going to need to continue to believe in SOAP. My singular advice to the SOAP Team from my outside perspective on everything thus far, assign someone else who might be more technically experienced with your solution whom can more carefully and in a more timely fashion articulate your purposed device to be your “voice.” Hopefully with someone else out front, you’ll regain some of the momentum lost already. Either that or don’t seemingly try and rush this project right now to gain possibly short term and most likely diminished funding compared to what it realistically could be. Put the project on funding pause and reboot it in a few weeks or month if you need more time to articulate the presentation better. :End of my SOAP Box speach/advice. Finally, I’ll just outline and sum up my personal experience thus far over the course of the last week this project has been around: Six days ago I asked some questions and the SOAP teams responses I got back came with one completely misunderstood response to a question I didn’t ask, some things I asked completely skipped over, and a couple things answered that I was somewhat satisfied with My post: Will this product also work as an WAN firewall? Can each of the individual Gigabit LAN connections be individually controlled (on their own network) or are they grouped together like a standard switch? Will the WIFI have removable antenna(s) allowing for extended range inside or hookup to outdoor antenna? What about the other RF signals, will there be any way to extend those as well? One thing I've struggled with in the past in my house is with WIFI routers not having a good enough range out of the box and I've had to rely on powered WIFI antenna boosters to increase performance. Can you also elaborate on the stretch goals and detail what value/enhancement each of them has to add value to the project? In your description about the design process, you discussed the speed and heat hurdles you've overcome along the way to get the project where it's at. Can you elaborate on the speed of the final design and are there still any foreseen limitations with it? Do you have an estimate on what the constant power consumption of the device will be when powered on, since this will be running 24-7. Will the display go into a sleep mode to conserve power? Ok, that ended up being a lot more questions than I had originally planned when I began typing. Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing/learning more about the project as the next month goes by. Soaps response: Hey Kevin! Great Questions....The device will be able to support large external drives and will actually allow for WIFI external hard drives too. We actually have a esata connection available we were toying with adding to the device if you are looking for speed increases above the usb 3.0 We have been averaging around 87 MB/S through USB 3.0 depending on the external drive used these are real world speeds too. There are two mpcie open expansion spots that you can add whatever you'd like there. We do have a extender connection for the WiFi and will come standard with a extra cord to run wherever you need to. The device is designed to amplify signal to areas you are having device connectivity issues and will also notify you if certain signals/channels are too busy. The main stretch goal I feel would help you is the soap with no rope connection which would be a 1 to 1 wifi death star blast connection meaning- 1000 Mg per second wireless from modem to router so you plug in the adapter to the modem and then you would turn this on on the soap device which would make the wan port look for this WiFi connection instead of the wire and would give you a super powerful connection allowing you to move the soap device wherever you want and only have to worry about the power. Add the strech goal of a battery and imagine how well that can do for testing signal and even regulating your network. I know how big houses can cause signal problem and severe frustration. Living in Colorado where Nikola Tesla got his wireless energy tested makes me feel like he damaged the ion sphere. We also will be releasing soap bubbles which will be WiFi bridges that just add access points in bad signal areas these are still being made but we are looking at giving everyone one of these with there soap touch. The device has a sleep mode and has eco mode too which will hibernate when not in use. When active with the display at full and on high performance mode you will see about the power usage at max 14 W. Let me ask you to specify would you like to know about the WiFi speeds or the CPU speeds? Four days ago I asked and got no response: My post: As to your project specifically as its designed right now, I'd like to learn more about the current WAN connection capabilities. Can each of the LAN ports be individually assigned allowing for a DUAL WAN or multi network Firewall setups? Could software firewalls like pfsense for Linux be installed? Two days ago I asked and got no response: My post: Is the external antenna replaceable with a stronger one? Will SOAP have multiple external antenna connections? Twenty four hours ago, as many of you will obviously recall, I took the time to put forth many of the other questions I had been putting off trying to ask up to this point and still have gotten no response to them from the SOAP team. The questions I put forth I purposely chose thinking that SOAP would be able to quickly dispel and confirm that their purposed device has a few of the rudimentary Router functions within it that I’ve come to expect in any modern day Router – like ones I already own. Other questions I felt should be answerable fairly quickly if they had a handle on their own specifications already. I also tried to be as respectful as I could in my questions and attempted to only ask questions that should not have required “Earth shattering” design secrets revealed in order to answer. In a project integrity is a huge issue... If you guys are dishonest it will reduce confidence. Plus it's always ok to have an additional account to answer questions, many projects does that too when they have specific people answering questions. But now you are claiming that that account is not yours when initially you declared it was?... I'm getting confused Wait... That comment that was replied to me by that supposedly Andrew Stevenson, wasn't that user name Soap team when he replied to me? When did he change his name to Andrew?! And furthermore you reposted that reply saying that account soap team was you. Now you are saying you ain't related to Andrew Stevenson/ Soap team? Isn't this a lie?.... Please confirm....... Some of the pictures show 5 Ethernet ports but your specs say 4. Does it have 4 plus a dedicated WAN port to make 5? if you are so concerned about theft of your design, wouldn't you be worried to sell this product at all? What stops somebody from making a similar device after you go retail? Does not sound good. I agree with Andrew as well. It's great that a project creator is willing to answer questions and look for feedback to improve the product, especially to the wants/needs of the target audience. This worked out very well for light harmonic with their two geek campaigns, the second of which added all kinds of upgrades to an already impressive design based on user requests. They made great use of forums with polls to vote on features that backers wanted. @Soap Keep in mind that transparency is of utmost importance, now and WHEN something delays your fulfillment estimates. Look at the project from an outside skeptics point of view and provide enough specific information to satisfy most backers without giving out trade secrets or the names of partners unnecessarily where they can be stolen or harassed by backers. @Backers Please remember that this is not a store. We have the power to voice our opinions about what we want or don't want in this product. We do this with our pledge. I have backed out of quite a few projects that gave that "not quite right" vibe, and may from this one as well if necessary, but the project has only been live for a few days. Sate your position and give the creators a chance to answer questions and provide additional information in their time. It looks to me like they've made a good attempt to answer each question before the barrage today. If your not satisfied, pull your pledge and see if it pans out, then pay a few more dollars to get it at retail. It doesn't need to be an interrogation and it's not life or death. Let's respectfully help the creator to understand we're looking for. A few days for questions to be answered or additional updates is nothing compared to estimated October ship dates anyway! Thumbs up for Andrew. This user's account has been deleted. +1 @JW So I googled sage electronics. Found this <url>"competitive" reasons or because they just don't know the answers yet. This is after all, a Kickstarter project, something still in development without 100% of the wrinkles ironed out. Given anticipated delivery dates, there is presumably still a couple of months work necessary to get the device to the fully baked stage. If people are trying to buy a completed, fully-working and tested router, they shouldn't be trying to do it on Kickstarter. Go for the Almond+ instead, they should be shipping soon, and they are highly credible with an established track record. People should continue to ask the probing questions, but not be too quick to denounce the project completely if their queries are not immediately responded to to their satisfaction. Creators - You should understand where everybody is coming from. Anybody who has backed more than a handful of Kickstarter projects over the past couple of years has probably experienced at least one that has turned out to be significantly delayed, significantly less impressive that it was originally portrayed to be, or practically a complete scam. So people are understandably more demanding and inquisitive than maybe you have encountered a year or two ago. It is completely up to you regarding whether you answer ever question or not, but just be aware to more satisfaction you can give people to more successful your fundraising campaign will be. And the Andrew Stevenson post situation was a little odd, you have to admit. So apparently Andrew Stevenson joined Kickstarter to support your product alone and goes out of his way to defend you. Then as soon as he is called out, his account is deleted. This just seems really shady, and it's hard to believe it wasn't you or possibly one of your friends or family investors trying to get in a say, which would be fine if they stuck around, but this is weird. @Soap, I really want to believe in this project as it will give me the exact product that I require - that's why I backed it in the first place. However, just because I desire something does not mean I have to suspend my critical faculties. I lecture in Computer Science, specifically Network Security, Mobile And Wireless Technology, and Distributed Systems. So when I see the post from Andrew Stevenson (account recently deleted, but trail and past comment from 5 days ago still visible for all who wish to scroll down to it) and then the one from yourselves immediately following it, I can't accept at all that it is in the slightest tenable that you are not (or aware of) 'Andrew Stevenson'. I can see the temptation to bat back meddlesome questions in this manner - even for non dodgy reasons. However, once called out over it - best to stop peddling and come clean. What are you "not sure" about with regard to Andrew Stevenson? It's very odd (to say the least) that he would answer a question, implying to be part of your team, and then YOU would repost his EXACT message, with a disclaimer about needing another account to help answer questions. Why would you do that if he wasn't connected to Soap? How did he have all of that information? Sorry if I offended you. But this attitude is not helping. It's ok to start in a garage. If you are going to scale up and rent spaces, have you accounted for that in the money you are asking. $80K seems awfully small. It also tells me you have a lot more work to do than what I thought initially and that means a lot more roadblocks which has the potential to derail. Look at it from my point of view. Look at all the time being wasted here which would be spent on discussing ideas and stretch goals. I am wary of any project that as new mysterious users who only pledge for soap supporting them. If you aren't connected to Andrew Stevenson, why would he reply to a question in a way that implies he's part of your team (use of "we") and then why would you immediately repost that same text, prefaced with "Soap team is us also we needed another account to help answer questions"? @Soap, I am hoping you don't need much time to release the physical address of your offices and sage electronics What is the physical address of your offices and sage electronics? @Soap, fair enough. But I want to see these. 1. Want to see your offices and your faces. All three of you. Camera shyness or not. 2. Want to see the prototypes working. No less. Proof of today's date in the video. Show the KS comments section. 3. Want to see the offices of sage electronics and their employees faces talking about their roles. 4. A clear view of your board identifying different functions. At this point I am not even getting into software. How much overkill is Android in this device...? Why not just openwrt / dd-wrt? I'm afraid this is more and more starting to look 'too good to be true'. Like Asterix, Jason, and others, I need some convincing to stay in. The spec provided gives me mostly everything I could want from such a smart router at an incredibly (given the features) low cost. However, simply listing the technologies included and happily agreeing to look at extending left, right, and centre as each comment asking for even more comes in, I now need some REAL prove - such as schemaics and a deailed video (not the odd corner glimpse) of what you already have. I'd also like to know more about the exact nature of the 'partner' reationship with Sage. And yes Jason, I too am concerned with Andrew Stevenson's intervention and KS profile! How much time does it take to use your phone and take a video? Why do you need time Where are the other updates The reason I ask cos if I want to upgrade to 8gb I will have to buy new ram and I keep old ram for doing nothing Is way kind like add-on option for us to upgrade RAM from 4 gb to 8gb with you guy? Maybe I'm just being paranoid, but the "troll" post from Andrew Stevenson makes me uncomfortable. His only other comment (account was created just this month) made it appear he was part of the Soap team. And since it was immediately reposted from the Soap account, I think it's safe to say he IS part of the Soap team. Having someone connected to the project pretend to be a backer and attack another backer for asking questions is a giant red flag that this project may be a scam. Also, the immense scope of this project, the extremely low price, and relatively quick production time all scream "too good to be true." Am I crazy? This user's account has been deleted. Something is weird in pledging with respect to shipping dates and open pledges: EXTENDED #2 SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS with shipping of Oct is fully pledged! EXTENDED #3 SOAP TOUCH SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS with shipping of Sept has 43 slots left! Both are for $150 level... don't people want this earlier than later! Am I missing something? @kevin scott Great questions, this is an ambitious device and much of what you are looking for is about harnessing the power they are aiming for. I will say, some of those things SHOULD be supported by default by the android os / available 3rd party apps, but I too would like clarification (items like HID support, DDNS, Signal analysis, battery gauge) @creator, I know the skepticism is hard to hear, especially after all the leg work and prototypes you have built, but this IS a very advanced device, at an incredibly attractive price point so we backers have to be cautious, many of us have been burned by other projects that were not nearly as ambitious that have collected hundreds of thousands of dollars. Sometimes it is just a poor or half baked product, or in my case, the ICP2 (bt keyboard) never really got past the prototype phase before the funds were squandered leaving backers in limbo waiting for pennies on the dollar (if we are lucky). I appreciate the knowledge that an update is coming to provide more tangible and concrete information to the backers. For me the worry isn't a delay, I know they suck, but they are a reality especially with an advanced hardware device like this (it is better to wait than to have a sub par product). The worry for me is that features are dropped, or that funds run out before this endeavor makes it to manufacture. As much info as you can provide (pics, vids, heck even some beta APK's) all will help quell skepticism. As it stands, I want to believe. Will UK backers receive UK plug or adaptor? You wanted questions/feedback, ok then: Soap: Will there be functionality out of the box for Guest only WIFI network access restricting that device to only WAN/internet connection? Can WIFI granted access be restricted for specific given amount of time per connection? Does each of the four LAN ports have its own assignable/changeable MAC/IP address? With USB support, can USB keyboard/mouse/IR Remote (or other HID devices) be used? Will Soap have DDNS support and if so, do you know what DDNS servers it supports already? Can Soap provide a complete signal spectrum analysis or graphs of all wireless activity that it detects? If SOAP is still loosely or specifically designed around the Wandboard, will Soap already encompass HD audio capabilities (AAC and Apt-X) allowing for direct play from Soap or maybe even multi cast back out to other WiFi or Bluetooth connected Audio devices. Airplay support? Can you detail the full capabilities and codex’s (audio & video) that will be supported (IE: 5.1 or better surround sound, etc) Will there be an internal temperature sensor inside of Soap that can be monitored remotely (making sure it’s not overheating) and automatic alerts that could be triggered because of excess heat? Can Soap be turned off completely or rebooted remotely? If the battery is supported, will there be a console for fuel gauge and alert able to be sent if power outage is detected? Will Soap be dependent on or require communication with any cloud services from your company? Will Soap have an option for a GSM SIM card (or equivalent) for “backup” internet (for possible home automation or alarm monitoring) Will Soap log network bandwidth usage (WAN,LAN,WIFI) and if so, can you give just a bit more details on it’s possible reporting? Are the supported RFs (ZigBee, Z-Wave, etc) supported by way of individual (and swappable) daughter boards/cards or is the entire Soap device one single motherboard that you yourself have developed? How much software functionality is finalized by your team? Can you detail what still remains to be written based upon the functionality you’ve promoted on the project? Is this hardware design final at this point for the KS campaign and if not, realistically how much more design needs to be accomplished? Is there any known licensing (either software or hardware) that will be required to complete the project that you have not already obtained? Have you chosen a hardware manufacture and if so, what assurances do you have that they can meet your “July” projected deliverables timeline if you don’t have a finalized working hardware design yet (assuming you’re still testing with your prototype). Are the Kickstarter funds the ONLY funds (other than maybe some personal on your part) that will be required to complete the project? Or will this project require and be dependent on finding additional investor funding after the KS campaign? For interested developers/integrators (like myself) could you provide a type of software Sandbox that could be used prior to mass shipment of the hardware for testing and development? Bubbles: - Can you use multiple “Bubbles” at the same time for even greater coverage? - Will Bubbles support removable antennas? - Does Bubbles connect to the main Soap box via a hard wired, WIFI, or BOTH? - You’ve said before I believe that Bubbles will transmit ALL signals (wifi,blue,etc), is this true or only certain signals - Will SOAP and Bubbles together have the ability to triangulate signals from devices to locate them more accurately? - Will it support USB connected devices as well? (IE having an IR receiver on bubbles sending commands back to Soap or another assigned Bubble). - Will Bubble have any HDMI support itself? - Is Bubble a completely different device or is it a a Soap Essentials working in tandem? If not, COULD THIS BE POSSIBLE having one working as a primary and centrally managing any secondary Soap device that might be connected)? Just a comment for Andrew Stevenson. Well we are the backers and as backers it is our duty to make sure that we back the right project. Our money should go to the best projects out there. This is "potentially" one of the most exciting I have found and therefore I did back it fully. Now (paraphrasing the "Dragons Den") "I am out". I reduced my pledge to 1$ until I satisfy myself that this is not an hoax. I have a technical background, and I therefore think I should ask the appropriate qiestions. So I am not a troll. Thank you very much! As an added comment, having read carefully your prototyping history, I am asking myself why did you consider the arduino at all as you start point? @Soap: What WiFi chipset will be used and how many channels will be available? What is the maximum number of clients supported? @Andrew Stevenson, Samsung is a big corporation with an established track record. Soap is a start-up that needs to demonstrate its ability to deliver. Last I checked, there are 3 people involved? So, let's not be afraid to ask the tough questions. This is where it counts the most. We all want to see this project takeoff. To be honest, sometimes I wonder if Soap is really serious and this is not an april fool's joke. I mean, it just seems their kickstarter's page was rushed. E,g, No proof-checking the perks section for typos. Just seem like a cut & paste hack job. @Soaps, I have to ask. Have you delivered any products before and/or any experience in this regard? If not, then why did you choose to make "two" products instead of concentrating on one? I know they are identical, but it just seems easier to work it one at a time. Have you done a BoM? Licensing? Certificates? etc. Basically, for what you're promising... how will you stay afloat? thanks Almond+ posted all the pictures and others as well. Saying it could be stolen and only respond to private messages does not bode well for me. I agree with Asterix, show us as much proof as possible. Thank You Please send an update to address our concerns first. Please show as much proof as possible by you. I really want the soap device. here you have a photo of such a touch device <url>"family-calender" -function (caldav). I really like the idea to not only contol my home-automatic devices but also use the soap as a central calender placed in the kitchen or living-room where every family member has a quick access to it. Could be used as a notebook for short messages (add a selfie-cam?), shopping-lists etc. A clock-screensaver-theme would add additional usecases though. What do you think? @Creator, Already on board! @Creators, Please correct your description for Pledges $150+ and more. They are misleading. The title is about the Soap Touch, but the description is about the Soap Essentials. Also, it says the price is $100, but I'm assuming you meant $200. Anyways, I have a question on the price. Is "retail" what will cost when it's out into the world (aka everyone) (MSRP), or "retail" the normal price for kickstarter backers? Thanks! Am worried about heat dissipation. Did you guys run thermal analysis of the case. My modem and router are always run very hot and they don't even have half your functionality. Looks like this is a passively cooled chassis as well which makes it more important. What temperatures do you see when running Will the HDMI support CEC? Are the zigbee andWace chipsets same for US and Europe or different ? actually the only thing that soap seems to be lacking is 433MHZ support, which ninjablocks uses and allows for very low cost sensors. also, forgot to ask, does the TOUCH have HDMI/screen mirroring as well? Since this is a quad core android, i could see it doubling as a xbmc player both on its 7inch screen or through hdmi. I was pretty bummed that I missed on almond+. Glad to get on EB. These guys are awesome. I am just floored by this. I am an Almond+ backer, and you have taken what they are doing and kicking it up a notch. I do hope on the home automation front (zwave,zigbee, etc) that this will play nice with other controllers like the Almond+, micasa vera, and staples connect. What tests have you done to ensure that the signals (lots running in the 2.4Ghz ISM band) of the many separate radios in the Soap 'box' don't cause too much interference with each other so that performance is not overly degradated? loving the look of this router. props to you Team soap!!! quick question tho @soap, routers from nearly all manufacturers tend to come DOA or partially DOA more so then not(particularly dropping signal until a restart) . is there any extra precautions you guys are following to be sure all the soaps work? what will the return policy be? @Soap That's amazing, you guys should advertise that more clearly. Because at your price point and with your features, you're going to be a killer! If you get a chip with over 1.7 Gbps of theoretical bandwidth, channels up to 160 MHz wide and 4x4 MIMO your going to even beat Asus! I love this project. The only thing that I would change is the image that everyone sees when they scroll through the lists of projects. The OS in that image looks bloated and a little offputing while some of the other pictures of your product look great with a polished OS. I really like this project and hope it will succeed and I believe using a better image will really help. Great looking project! I can't decide between this and the Almond+ I already backed. Quick question for you: Will the home automation still work without internet access? There is no cloud service or anything that the Soap connects to for the HA correct? Thank you and great job again! Is the Soap going to use the new Wave2 wifi chips that are coming out in routers such as the Asus RT-AC87U? Or is it going to stick with the older Wave1 standard? The most taled about chip is the QSR1000 from Quantenna that the Asus uses. (<url>