Awards and Recent Reviews Redmond Pie – "Spike is the most impressive iPhone physical keyboard + protective case we’ve seen yet!" Huffington Post - "[Spike] may force BlackBerry users everywhere to take a second look at the iPhone." iPhone Life Magazine – "Finally, the Spike from SoloMatrix is a real BlackBerry-style keyboard for iPhone" PC World – "As anyone who has typed on a glass keyboard knows, it's not the best surface for the task. Most people can type faster and more accurately with a tactile keyboard, and Spike lets people do that" Consumer Electronics Association - Top 3 Most Innovative Products at the CE Line Show in New York City, June 2012 Today's iPhone – "It’ll easily be the most usable keyboard/case for iPhone yet" Toronto Life – "As if RIM didn’t already have enough to worry about" iMore – "The Spike TypeSmart keyboard case for iPhone looks to address the age-old argument of the hardware keyboard being a better way to input text" UberGizmo – "SoloMatrix Spike gives your iPhone a unique physical keyboard" Cult of Mac – "Spike case adds foldaway keyboard to iPhone" Gotta Be Mobile – "This accessory could make the difference between using a BlackBerry and an iPhone." Gizmodiva – "Spike is a unique iPhone case that serves the dual purpose of protecting your phone, and also providing you with a physical keyboard" The Verge – "Fold-away physical iPhone keyboard hits Kickstarter" Tornell – "BlackBerry fans, do not miss this opportunity if you want to see your dream come true" AppsManila – "Go Crackberry on your iPhone with Spike's foldaway keyboard case!" Trend Hunter – "A common complaint is a lack of a keyboard, and the Spike iPhone Case has now been created to solve this problem" Design Taxi – "SoloMatrix have created an iPhone case that comes with a physical keyboard to make it easier for you to type." AppsRumors – "It’s priced as normal iPhone protection cases so instead of buying a regular one, you also get the advantage of a real tactile keyboard" Bite my Apple - Favorite Kickstarter Projects! Spike: Making the iPhone as Easy to Type On as it is to Touch! We’re not saying that the virtual keyboard that Steve gave us isn’t great, but typing more than a few words on glass isn’t great, accurate, or natural. That’s where our Spike TypeSmart keyboards come in. Unlike any other keyboards available today, we wanted to create a suite of products that complemented the iPhone’s impeccable quality and elegant form factor, and at the same time let you type and text easier, faster, and with fewer mistakes, under virtually all conditions – even if you’re wearing gloves! Your Choice - Rock or Roll We have carefully engineered Spike, so in a flash, you can transition from typing to making or receiving a call, launching any of your apps, or playing Angry Birds, and then back to typing, all without missing a beat! Because we believe you should always have a choice, our initial suite consists of two versions, Spike¹ and Spike². Both versions incorporate our proprietary TypeSmart keyboard that has been carefully integrated into handsome iPhone protective cases. Of course, we will manufacture them using only premium materials that are suitable for an Apple accessory product. We call our keyboards TypeSmart, because they are the natural and smart way to type on your iPhone! Best of all, with Spike, you have a keyboard when you need it and it disappears when you don’t want it. Precision Input We all know that typing is not really precise by definition – precise |priˈsīs| adjective, marked by exactness and accuracy of expression or detail. However, we wanted to engineer a keyboard that would offer you the easiest, fastest, and most error-free way to type on your iPhone. We have paid careful attention to even the smallest detail and through rigorous user testing. We've designed a keyboard whose layout includes individually sculptured keycaps and snap-touch keys that lets your fingers find and feel every letter you type. Now, writing emails, texts, or your thesis couldn't be easier. Spike's keyboard simply provides the accuracy that typing on glass with fingers cannot ever achieve, that’s our definition of Precision Input! Disruptive Technology It has taken us over two years to develop our proprietary TypeSmart keyboard technology (patent pending). This technology allowed us to create a keyboard for Spike, that in contrast to any other product, doesn’t require plugging in, Bluetooth, or any external power source. An additional benefit derived from this technology, is that unlike typing on the iPhone's touchscreen, if you have longer fingernails or even if wearing gloves you can still type and text like a champ using Spike's keyboard! Importantly, it let us design a full-function keyboard that is less than ¼ inch thick, enabling us to integrate the keyboard into a protective case, while maintaining the elegance and sleek form factor of your iPhone. In the future, our TypeSmart technology will also be applicable to keyboards and input products for other touchscreen phones and tablets. Spike¹ is a combination keyboard and protective case that can be easily and securely installed in a matter of seconds. You can effortlessly rotate the bottom section of the case with the keyboard, to the back or the front of the iPhone, for storing in either typing or full-screen mode. We’ve also hinged the keyboard, so you’ll always have quick access to the full-screen even when typing. This model is priced in the same range as the majority of ordinary iPhone cases. This means that even for many users that don't feel they need a keyboard, it is so affordable that it's tough to pass up. And once they try it, they’ll soon realize the advantages of real tactile keys even though they feel they are proficient typing on the touchscreen. Spike²is our premium version keyboard and case combination. It differs from Spike¹ in user convenience features and overall appearance. Its industrial-strength case not only protects your iPhone, but incorporates a unique and specially-designed asymmetrical 360 degree hinge. This hinge enables you to quickly toggle the keyboard on and off the screen for full-screen access while you are typing. In addition, it also allows you to fold and stow the keyboard in a flush pocket in the rear of the case when you’ve finished typing and return to the full touchscreen to run all those apps that you will probably never use more than once or twice. At a touch of your fingers, it can instantly be brought to the front to bang out a quick text message, email, or even type your first novel comfortably! And to make sure you are always in style, it features a beautiful, brushed metal accent band around the perimeter of the case. Our Limited Edition Spike³is for those of you that appreciate the very best. Similar in design to Spike², but with an all-aluminum, antenna-neutral case including the TypeSmart keyboard that is easily stowed out of the way when not needed. We are CNC machining these right here in the USA from aerospace grade aluminum and anodizing them in at least two great colors, Neutron Gray and KickStarter Green, we anticipate a couple more anodized colors to come. To make it truly personal for you or someone special, we’ll custom engrave up to 30 letters on the back of the case. Kickstarter Manufacturing Plan & Timeline For production of our Spike¹ andSpike² TypeSmart keyboards in this project, we have established a manufacturing arrangement with an international contract manufacturer with factories on six continents. We developed the technology, produced and vetted the first series of prototypes here in Seattle, but the actual pre-production prototypes shown in this project were produced in our manufacturer's factory located in Malaysia. Our chief designer has had a relationship with this manufacturer for two decades and has already made two trips this year to the factory on our behalf. We have added to our team an on-site supervisor that lives in Malaysia that has also worked with our designer for the past twenty years. He is our boots-on-the-ground field representative and will oversee all aspects of production to help ensure that our products are manufactured to our specifications and in accordance with our timeline. We will be producing the all-aluminum Limited Edition Spike³ right here in Seattle, Washington. With your support we are planning for all versions of Spike to be on your iPhone during September. We are going to jump-start production for Kickstarter backers to make this happen. We plan to order limited production tooling shortly after the start of our Kickstarter program so we can start shipping in 90 days. Order early, get yours first. What About the iPhone 5? While we don’t know the exact date for the introduction of the long-awaited iPhone 5 from Apple, we all know it is around the corner. We also know that lots of existing iPhone users will be standing in line to get their hands on one. From the time we have one in our hands, we estimate that it will take approximately four (4) months to tool and manufacture Spike keyboards for the iPhone 5. In order to make sure our Spike collection will be available to all backers of this project, we have a special offer. As a backer, you will be able to purchase an equivalent iPhone 5 version of Spike¹ and Spike² for today’s Kickstarter prices of $25 and $50 respectively, at the time they become available. Of course, you will be among the first to have one in your hands. Or choose from one of our two Future Proof reward options that give you both the iPhone 4 and 5 versions of our Spike keyboards when they are released. This is where you play an important role. Ever since the iPhone was introduced, a real physical keyboard has been at the top of the wish list of many users and prospective users! Together, with your help we can make one of the most requested iPhone accessories a reality. With your contribution, you become a Spike or Die team member, and be among the first to own whichever version of Spike you choose, before they become commercially available. We are a small, dedicated team that formed SoloMatrix to create disruptive products for the iPhone, other smartphones, and tablets. We have spent over two years developing the TypeSmart technology that drives the keyboard, as well as, building and beta testing the prototypes and bringing Spike to its current pre-production level. We have already established the vital manufacturing relationships to get all models of Spike into immediate production. In fact, the units shown here and demonstrated in the video, are actual pre-production versions built to our specifications by our manufacturer. We know by experience that funding, manufacturing, and distribution is always a challenging undertaking. We also believe in the power of the community that is represented by Kickstarter and that it is a great way for a small group of people like us to be able to put a plan in place that properly addresses these challenges, and, to bring ideas such as Spike to fruition. It is our sincere hope that you find Spike innovative and exciting and choose to support the project. Please tell your friends and help spread the word. Thanks for your interest in our project! Spike in the News OhGizmo! – "The Spike case you see above is the best implementation of an add-on keyboard we’ve ever come across" Think iOS – "So if you were counting on Apple to add a physical keyboard to iPhone, and have been disappointed from the company so far, Spike protective case seems like a good choice" iJailbreak – "It’s just like the iPhone keyboard, but gives you feedback as you type away... A foldable physical keyboard case could also lure BlackBerry users to ditch their old devices and get an iPhone" The Gadgeteer – "There must be 100′s of iPad keyboards on the market, but you don’t see many keyboards being offered specifically for the iPhone. The ones that you can find aren’t nearly as cool as the Spike Keyboard" iDownload – "While we have seen plenty of keyboards for iOS devices in the past, this particular keyboard does something different, by making it easy for users to fold it away around the back of the phone and making the keyboard itself as easy to access as possible" Geeky Gadgets – "Many have tried and failed to offer a good qwerty keyboard for the iPhone. Spike might be the best attempt yet" iClarified – "Spike Protective Case Adds a Real Keyboard to Your iPhone" Phone Arena – "If you like the idea of using a physical QWERTY keyboard on the Apple iPhone, and at the same time protecting your device with a case, you might want to take a hard look at purchasing one of the Spike models" The need for a keyboard... CNET - Does the iPhone need a real keyboard? “For many, the iPhone's virtual keyboard remains its Achilles' heel. Chances are Apple won't do an iPhone with a physical keyboard, but if it ultimately wants to lure away more BlackBerry users, it may have to.” David Carnoy THE WALL STREET JOURNAL - “While I like the iPhone virtual on-screen keyboard, others hate it, and yearn for a device with both a great touch interface and a physical keyboard.” Walt Mossberg Apple logo and Apple are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. Spike¹, Spike², and Spike³ are registered trademarks of SoloMatrix Inc. Hello all, We got news last night that our iPhone 5/5s Spike cases had completed manufacturing in China and were being packed on to a pallet (pictured below) for freight shipment to Malaysia where the final assembly and pack-out occurs. These cases will undergo an incoming quality control inspection from our team in Malaysia, then keyboards will be assembled and installed, and then will go through outgoing QC and testing before being put on another pallet and shipped air freight to us in the US for final processing. So while this is a huge step forward for us, there are still a few milestones between now and when we can provide you with solid ETAs. The wheels are turning however, and we want you to know that there are teams of people in three different countries working together to make Spike happen. The QC, assembly, testing, and pack-out should be about a 2-3 week lead time set of processes, and it takes about a week to move a pallet from one place to another via air freight (although expediting is possible, it’s prohibitively expensive to ship close to a ton overnight). So while we still have several weeks ahead of us before we get that pallet back to us in Seattle, we are already moving leaps and bounds faster through this process than with our iPhone 4/4s Spikes. This shipment will be more than enough to cover all our iPhone 5/5s related Kickstarter rewards. We’re also working to incorporate iPhone 5/5s parts into our iPhone 4/4s Spikes to facilitate a more timely production of those units. As stated, you can request a change to the iPhone 5/5s versions of Spike, or an address update if you’ve moved, by sending us a message on Kickstarter – and if you have already done so, we have received it and will confirm with you before we process your reward for shipment. It’s been a long road up to here, both for you as our backers and for us, but we want you to know things are finally beginning to accelerate up to speed. We’ll get back to you shortly with a more solid ETA for your Spike delivery. Best regards, The Spike Team Greetings Backers! As discussed in our last update, we just returned from a long trip overseas. The purpose of the trip was to manage and supervise the beginning of full scale manufacturing for iPhone 5/5s versions of Spike. We visited five different factories between Penang and Shenzhen to get everything in line for the production start up, which has currently begun. Manufacturing of all the components that go together to create Spike is now underway, and assembly of the final product will begin in about 3 weeks. Our first run is for about 3,000 units, and unlike for our previous generation iPhone 4/4s Spikes, these will all be complete at the same time rather than trickling in. We’re working on retrofitting and adapting new-generation parts to the iPhone 4/4s versions to continue to try and smooth out that process, which as you probably know has proven more difficult than we ever anticipated. While in China we worked closely with the producers of our tactile switches and were able to tailor these switches specifically to Spike’s intended feel and user experience. After 5 different revisions we succeeded in reducing the actuation force requirement down to 50% of what it has been, while maintaining an extremely tactile, snappy feel. Being there in person was really beneficial to expediting this process and we couldn’t be happier with the results. The new switches will allow you to type very fast without sacrificing accuracy. Take a look at the following pictures from our trip: After all of the pictures and narrative (although brief), we know the bottom line for all of you is when are you going to get them! Although, we don’t have a firm date yet, here is what we do know – we are in line for production at the injection molding facility in China and we expect that they will be molding our first run during the week of the 12th. The keyboards should be in production the week of the 19th. We expect that by the end of the month everything will be complete or almost complete. We are only hesitating on an exact completion date because we have made too may predictions that haven’t gone our way and this is the first run with a new product. However, we will either be ready to ship by our next update (1st week of June) or we will have a realistic ETA. Meanwhile, we are continuing to ship the iPhone 4/4s units. If you would like to switch your order from an iPhone 4/4s version to the iPhone 5/5s version, please send us a message on Kickstarter and we'll confirm with you before shipping your reward. Thanks for reading! The Spike team @ SoloMatrix Hello all, We’re continuing to ship iPhone 4/s models at a slower pace than we would like, however, we have shipped approximately 66% of iPhone 4/4s Kickstarter rewards, virtually all in Pitch Black. As we have mentioned before, our manufacturer had a problem when they tinted the plastic with the red or white color. We do expect red and white within the next week or two. We recognize that due the long delay in getting the iPhone 4/4s Spike into production that many of you took advantage of our offer to switch to the iPhone 5/5s Spike. As you may know from the photos we have posted in the past, this is an entirely new product, and both the case and the keyboard and have required completely new injection molding tooling. Fortunately, we learned from our mistakes: we greatly improved the overall design from an engineering and manufacturing perspective and moved the case molding and assembly to a high quality company in Shenzhen, China. The result is that preparations for full production are almost complete. Tooling has been completed and raw materials for production and assembly are being acquired and consolidated at our factories in both Shenzhen and Penang. We are flying overseas the 14th of April to help ensure a smooth start for the iPhone 5/5s Spike production. As production will be ramping up exponentially that week we will be poised to tackle any hiccups in the production line as they happen. To date we’ve had very positive experiences with our new manufacturer in Shenzhen (just outside of Hong Kong) during the development and prototype phase and are anxious to witness the actual production. Any backers at the iPhone 4/4s levels who wish to switch to the iPhone 5/5s models are more than welcome to do so – just send us a message on Kickstarter and we’ll sort it out before shipping your Spike. We’ll send out an email before prepping your shipment to confirm and give an opportunity for any last minute changes. Next update we'll post photos of the iPhone 5/5s Spike manufacturing and assembly processes from our time with the three factories that produce the various components of our keyboards and cases. Best, The Spike Team Hello all, Happy 2014! We had quite a start to the year with a surprise trip to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. We hadn’t planned to exhibit at the show, but our new manufacturer invited us into their booth where we were able to demo Spike to the public. We received 100 sets of pre-production iPhone 5/s Spikes the day before the show so we spent the first week showing them off and these last couple weeks with loupes and calipers going over measurements. We’re sending in an updated drawing package overseas today that should cover all the final tooling improvements. CES was a good way to do some on the fly beta testing of our hot off the presses iPhone 5 models. Based on feedback, we’re tightening up some of the dimensions around the hinge and significantly reducing the key actuation force to facilitate faster typing. Chinese New Year is coming up soon (1/25 - 2/8) so we’ve been pedal to the metal to get any necessary tooling mods started before the lengthy shutdown of both China and Malaysia. iPhone 4/4s models are currently undergoing tooling &amp; material modifications to combat issues that continue to impede production, including the micro-cracking around the hinge (particularly on the White &amp; Red models due to differences in material characteristics) where we’ve seen breakage occur. We've had to do a lot of incoming quality control on this end to ensure the cracked units we've received get filtered out and returned to Malaysia. They're not visible to the naked eye, so we're currently checking every Spike that comes through our door with a microscope. We just recieved word yesterday that the modifications are complete in Malaysia and they have passed at a rate of 100% off the line (they've also moved to using microscopes to QC check at the factory). By the end of next week they're sending us a shipment of 200 units in Pitch Black – Red &amp; White are going to undergo a bit more testing to make sure the pigments used in the plastic aren't causing any more issues. As a result, black Spikes will be fulfilled quicker than the other colors – if you would like to switch over to a black unit it's likely you will get your Spike before the white &amp; red units. Please send us a message if you would like to change your color to black in the interest of time. Overall, we continue to be impressed with the quality of our iPhone 5/5s models and plan to have those in production a couple weeks after CNY ends, and fulfilling rewards shortly thereafter. Any backers at the iPhone 4/4s levels who wish to switch to the iPhone 5/5s models are more than welcome to do so – just send us a message on Kickstarter and we’ll sort it out before shipping your Spike. We’ll send out an email before prepping your shipment to confirm and give an opportunity for any last minute changes. Attached are a few pics for your viewing pleasure! Greetings Backers! iPhone 4/4s News Another shipment of all different colors of Spike for the iPhone 4/4s have reached us today, and we’ll do our incoming quality control check before processing and fulfilling more rewards next week. Meanwhile in Malaysia we’re in the transition of changing our current plastic to a more robust and forgiving plastic to nip the current issues with small cracks in the bud. We have developed various solutions in the assembly process that also fix these problems but they require much more time due to added processes and so we can’t yet bring our production rate up to where it ought to be. However, with a more durable plastic blend we think we can return to pumping Spikes out full force before long. In the mean time, we’ll be shipping more units as we receive them, but not before making sure they are all structurally sound. iPhone 5/5s News We received our first samples of our new iPhone 5/5s Spike cases and here are our first thoughts: they are awesome! We’re more than impressed with the quality of these parts and with the engineering abilities of our new manufacturer. We’ve been inspecting every detail of every part down to the 1/1000th of an inch and have found very few dimensions out of tolerance. Work has already begin on the tools to correct the ones that are before the final polishing and texturing is applied. We received several combinations of different polycarbonate and TPU (thermoplastic polyurethane) materials and think we’ve selected a perfect fusion of an extremely tough hard outer shell with an ultra-cushioning soft inner liner that will protect your iPhone from whatever you throw at it – or whatever you throw it at! In addition, the keyboard effortlessly snaps on and off the molded in hinge axle pin not only protecting it from breakage but also allowing for easy ‘hardware updates’ and multilingual support in the near future. By the end of the month we’ll be receiving 100 sets of Spike in four different colors, Ice White, Pitch Black, InfraRed, and another that we’ll be keeping under wraps for now. We’ve attached a couple pictures below of the new Spikes: Some technical specifications of the new Spike: Weight: 1.7 oz (48 g) Height: 5.04" (128 mm) Width: 2.52" (64 mm) Thickness: 0.47" (12 mm) @ top; 0.57" (14.5 mm) @ keyboard We'll have more news later this month regarding both iPhone 4/4s and 5/5s models of Spike, so stay tuned! Best regards and Happy Holidays, The Spike Team Hello all, Firstly, we would like to wish all of our American backers a Happy Thanksgiving! We just received the first photos of completed sample iPhone 5/5s Spike case parts from overseas and thought we would share them with you. Sometime next week a FedEx package with sample parts will be headed our way for inspection. Note: The colors of the cases below are not colors for final production - the plastic materials used are just for testing and pre-production purposes. These are essentially complete cases - no further manufacturing processes are required (for example, no sonic welding problems that plagued us with our previous design). What happens next with the iPhone 5/s case manufacturing: Sample approval (dimensions, fit checks) Final material selection (stress tests) Adjusting injection pressure and temperature to ensure there are no aesthetic issues (e.g. flashing and sink marks) Mold texturing (surface finish of the plastic) Before January we will receive our Pitch Black, Ice White, and InfraRed color samples as well as a fourth color which we will be introducing soon. Upon approval we will be poised to enter full mass production in January. When we receive our first samples in the mail we'll take some more pictures and send them your way! Best, The Spike Team Hello all, The beginning of good news for all of you that have waited so long! Production of Spike for the iPhone 4/4s is finally getting off the ground and we are now (1st week in July) starting to ship units. The case color for all of these very first production units we are shipping is Pitch Black, however, they will be followed shortly by units in the colors of InfraRed and Ice White. Below are photos of both the InfraRed and Ice White keyboards for your reference: In the interest of time and expediency, the units are coming to you “plain wrapped” in standard mailing boxes, but included is a convenient instruction card with installation and usage information as well as tips &amp; tricks and troubleshooting information. After production is in full-swing it is our intent to have available on our site an area of Usage Tips that is updated by both ourselves and by other users of Spike. iPhone 5 We received our first 3D printed prototypes of the new case last week for design confirmation. While the models check out and look good, the material used in place of the TPU liner is a cast urethane that is a bit soft and sticky. It is a good representation in terms of visualizing the final design, checking dimensions, etc., but the limitations of the 3D printed material make case installation and removal a bit tricky. Our keyboard supplier/manufacturer is currently producing functional samples of the new keyboard, which was significantly slimmed down. We will be building full working models in the near term. We expect to start production tooling by the end of this month (July). Production could be begin within 45 days from tooling start, but for all the obvious reasons, we are not yet prepared to cast that date in concrete. Here's a pic of the case, we'll post more as soon as we get a completed case/keyboard combination: Spike 3 We are confident that all of you backers that paid a premium price for what we believe will be an extremely cool product would appreciate knowing that we are attacking the final design and production issues. During the interim, you will receive either a Spike for the iPhone 4 or 5 (when shipping) depending on your order. Because of the much longer than anticipated production delays, we know that many of you are switching to a newer version of the iPhone. Please let us know so we can modify your order accordingly. For the Record To all of you, we certainly know the disappointment and frustration many of you have felt as a result of the really long delays in getting Spike off of the ground. We as the principles have been severely chastised and criticized. In part, we deserved it - we missed our original estimates by a long shot. Things were significantly more difficult and took much longer, but we have tried to keep our head down and get you the product that you originally backed with excitement and enthusiasm. We still have a long ways to go to satisfy all of you, but for what it is worth our goal is to just that. As you can figure out, these delays are costly for everyone including ourselves, not only financially, but also, in the intangibles such as goodwill and even pride. We struggled, found the money, and invested far more than the Kickstarter funds to finish development and get to where we are today. It is our goal to meet all of our commitments first, and then find a way to make up to all of you as our early supporters with something tangible that demonstrates how our team appreciates you as our backers. Stay tuned... Best regards, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all, We're currently writing from Penang, Malaysia where the several factories that produce Spike are located. It has so far been a very busy, productive, and extremely informative trip. Production of Spikes for the iPhone 4/4s is fully underway. Below are some pictures of Spike on the various assembly lines. We'll be arriving this coming Friday hand carrying the first 'for retail' units that will immediately be shipped to backers upon arrival. We'll be able to carry between 50-100 units on the plane (depending on customs restrictions), while the remainder will be shipped via air mail to continue processing and fulfilling rewards. Black models will ship first, followed by white and red. Our plastic injection molding factory: If you've heard us talk about tools or tooling, these are what we are referring to. Each of these is one tool, that liquid plastic is injected into: This is a sonic welding machine that is currently producing Ice White Spikes. Two plastic halves are set together on a fixture, or jig, and ultrasonic vibrations rub and actually melt the plastic pieces together: Spike bottom case half fresh off the sonic welding machine: Here are Spike parts headed down the line for inspection: Here's a picture of finished keyboards being put on the first set of Spikes: We have had a few assembly hiccups, most notably with our metal snap domes activating our PCB switches, but we've found the root cause, which was the tin plating on the copper traces causing shorts circuits. Here's a picture from a 12X computer microscope: As you can see, there are little metal bridges between the traces. This causes shorting and erratic functionality (dead keys, miss-hits, etc). It was difficult to diagnose because we haven't experienced a similar problem with our PCBs made in the States, but it all became clear once we put them under a microscope. We've changed the plating material on the copper from mechanically brushed tin to chemical plated nickel, and will not be experiencing this problem moving forward into mass production. While we've been here, we've also gone over the second stage of DFM (design for manufacturing) of the iPhone 5 Spikes, and it is going very well. We discussed a few potential problems and have already submitted another revision for review. All in all these versions will be much easier to manufacture because of the far more simplified design. We should have some prototypes very soon that we will use to confirm the design before committing it to the tooling manufacturing process. Here's a 3D printing machine that will be producing our prototypes. It shines a laser into a bath of resin to form solid parts, as shown below: We'll post pics of the i5 prototypes as soon as we get them. We will be processing rewards in the order pledges received, so keep a look out for your Spike in the mail over the next few weeks! Best regards, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all, Our golden units came over the course of the last two weeks. The first package we got were actually the "golden parts" (i.e. unassembled parts for inspection), which were great, but didn't tell us the whole story. Monday of this week we got them fully assembled. After spending the week scrutinizing the golden units we've decided to move forward with production of the cases, which is scheduled to begin this coming Tuesday. Once it begins we'll have a better idea of when it will end but the whole process should take about 3-5 weeks – they'll start out a bit slower before moving up to full swing to ensure a smooth production process. When the process kicks off next week we'll receive a timeline and breakdown of expected dates to receive units. We do know that they will be producing black units first before white and red because of the limited quantities of the latter colors. If the lag will be more than a couple days, we'll let everyone know the exact details and provide an option to change colors. Stay tuned! -The SoloMatrix Team Greetings all, Spike for the iPhone 4/4S: Early this morning a shipment destined for Redmond, WA left Malaysia containing our latest set of Spikes – the 'Golden Units'. This refers to what is intended to be the final revision, identical in every way to retail-quality production Spikes. When we receive them on the 15th we will review every detail before confirming that we can go into full-swing production and start pumping out Spikes to fulfill our backers' rewards. Stay tuned for an update next week regarding the Golden Spikes. Yesterday evening we concluded initial design of Spike for the iPhone 5. The next step we will be taking is submitting our design to our current manufacturer so that they can begin DFM (design for manufacturing) where every part is evaluated for manufacturability and guidelines for the tool making are drawn (draft angles, injector locations, gating locations, eliminating sinks &amp; weld lines). Here is our latest design! Spike for the iPhone 5: The new design features an ABS shell (hard plastic, shown in black) and a co-molded TPU liner (soft, rubbery plastic, shown in charcoal) for maximum protection in a minimal package. The contrast in the two materials also makes for a great aesthetic. With the phone removed and the TPU highlighted green for visibility: This next view illustrates our new hinge design that sits flush with the rest of the case at only 2.5 mm: The iPhone 5 went on a diet and so did Spike. We've reduced thicknesses in every dimension, even taking 2mm out of the keyboard. Here's a profile of Spike in InfraRed: We left plenty of room for accessories ports on the bottom: A back view of the Ice White trim. Though these renderings don't show it, we plan to bring the TPU liner out on the backside chamfers to add a little contrast as well as provide a flexible hinged edge to facilitate getting the phone in and out of the case. While we have not entirely ruled out a two-piece split case, our intentions are to keep the case contained in one piece. And here's another new feature to the iPhone 5 versions, a removable keyboard. This view of shows the keyboard stowed in the back pocket with the hinge block removed (it's shown in the first three pictures of this update) so that the co-molded steel pin is visible. The hinge block, which is attached to the keyboard, will be able to snap on and off the pin. This feature will allow us to produce different keyboard layouts and legends easily, giving Spike's multilingual users the ability to swap between different languages. Many of these new features are win-wins for us; they not only add form or function, but also simplify manufacturing by removing parts and eliminating troublesome assembly processes – goodbye sonic welding! We're anxious to know what you think of the next Spike and welcome your input on the it's new form. If you would like to switch your current iPhone 4/4s reward to and iPhone 5 reward, send us a private message on Kickstarter and we'll update our records. Stay tuned next week for an update about our Golden Spikes! Best regards, Cody + Robert Solomon &amp; the SoloMatrix Team Greetings Backers! Re: Spikes for iPhone 4/4S We're still waiting on final inspection units from Malaysia, which we had hoped to get before March but our sonic welding woes have proven more stubborn than expected. Last week our manufacturer built a new jig to hold our case halves together during welding, and the last few days they have been tuning the new tools. Our on-site contact, Mr. Lim, knows a lot about the process and he is very active at our factory, putting the pressure on to get it right. The good news is he reported that the alignment problems were solved by the new fixture, now it's just a matter of doing a thorough enough weld to stand up to drop tests (the process is somewhat analogous to spot welding, so it can result structurally weak areas if there aren't enough spots). Our factory wants the next week to fine tune the assembly before sending us our review units, because they want to get everything right this time around. Pending our approval, we'll be able to move into our Kickstarter production shortly thereafter. We'll send an update as soon as we receive this next set. Re: Spikes for iPhone 5 We've spent a lot of time in design review for the iPhone 5 models these last couple weeks and it's coming along nicely. We're looking to release drawings to our manufacturer by the end of March to stick with the schedule provided in the last update. One of the major new features we're looking to incorporate in the Spike 2 and 3, and possible Spike 1 as well, is a removable keyboard unit. This would benefit us in assembly and repair, as well as giving the user the ability to swap out different languages. We're also looking to give our case a TPU liner for added protection against drops. We've followed the iPhone 5 design language and reduced our thicknesses across the board, including eliminating the bumped-out hinge. In a couple weeks we'll have some preliminary drawings of the new features and design that we'll be able to share with you. If you'd like to change your order, please so do by sending us a direct private message on Kickstarter so that we can ensure everyone's request is fulfilled. Have a great weekend, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all! The Spike team has had a busy schedule these last few weeks, and we come bearing news from Las Vegas all the way to Malaysia. We'll break it down into 3 sections: CES, iPhone 5, and iPhone 4/4S. CES Update As was said in the update earlier this month, Spike made an appearance at the Consumer Electronics Show a couple weeks ago in Sin City. While we did not exhibit at the show itself, we did have a booth at the acclaimed ShowStoppers press event. We’re please to say it couldn’t have gone better. In addition to getting to show our product on live TV and radio, we also were able to demo our pre-production units that we received from the factory earlier in the month to journalists and developers alike. The vast majority of people loved the product, and the popularity of our booth, which was packed from doors open until doors close, was testament to the huge amount of interest in Spike from people of all mobile phone backgrounds. In addition to press coverage, we were also there to meet with several interested distributors, retailers, and investors in order to help us advance our product and company out into the worldwide market. Our meetings went great and we are working to solidify deals and purchase orders from several major retail outfits in the next month as we start going into full swing production. We were also able to meet with a ton of interesting people (including a lot of fellow Kickstaters and past/present Project Creators) for everything from product feedback, advice, and to discuss future partnerships for integrating other technologies, such as battery packs, into our future products. iPhone 5 Dev News Speaking of future products, let’s talk not-so-distant future: Spike for the iPhone 5. Also debuted at CES were our first iPhone 5 prototypes. Using hindsight to our advantage, we’ve redesigned Spike from the ground up for the next generation of iPhone. Following the new form factor, Spike grew to accommodate that essential 5th row of apps but also shrunk in every other dimension. The case has slimmed down significantly and from a manufacturers perspective, is a much simpler design (e.g. our 6-pc. case on Spike 2 became a 2-pc case, top and bottom). One of the biggest problems that Spikes have encountered at the factory this month is the sonic welding of the case parts, so we’ve eliminated that threat entirely on the future versions to avoid another headache. The keyboard assembly is also getting a makeover, as it will be shrunk in every dimension (except of course key size, which will remain the same). For our prototypes we were able to actually design the case to be able to retrofit our existing keyboards (which is what we demoed at CES) in order to show a proof-of-concept, but that won’t be the case moving forward. We’re also attempting to light the keyboard using the screen, but it is actually quite an engineering challenge so that’s looking like 50/50 right now. iPhone 4/4S Status And finally to Spikes for the iPhone 4/4S, which is the main focus of this month. As you all know, we received our first 10 units earlier this month from the factory. Since the last update we’ve received 2 more sets for a total of 30 units. Of those, only one fit to specification. That may sound like bad news, but in fact it’s good – it means that under the right conditions we have a working unit. Our work has been spent, calipers in hand, inspecting every detail from injection gates to cooling sinks and making minor adjustments the tooling to fix any production issues. The biggest problem we had, as mentioned above, is the sonic welding. Sonic welding is a process that, to sum it up, uses high-frequency vibrations (i.e. sound) to rub two pieces of plastic together until the friction causes the plastic to melt and fuse together. It’s how we turn 3 pieces of plastic parts into one top half of Spike, for instance. In our case, and you only find this out once you go and try it, our ‘beading’ (little interlocking ridges that get fused together) weren’t big enough and the parts weren’t staying fused together or they overcompensated on the welding process and the parts warped inwards causing the case to fit way to tight (see pic below). The good news is it’s a tool-safe fix so none of the molding needs to be redone. It’s only unfortunate that the three sets we’ve received so far are mostly rendered unusable. We’re being airmailed the next set on the 4th of February, and our factory ensures us that they have fixed the problem. What does this mean if you’re waiting for your Spike for the iPhone 4/s to arrive? If, and this is an optimistic if, those units that we receive in the beginning of February do work as expected (i.e. we get ‘golden units’) then as soon as our factory is back from Chinese New Year (they’re in Malaysia but it’s celebrated by a large part of the population) we can give them the green light to begin full swing production ( ~ 200 units a day at first). They would then be airmailed overseas to us for fulfillment of your rewards. To sum it up, the earliest we’re going to see ‘retail-quality’ Spikes is the last week of February, so in that case, depending on shipping times from Seattle to you, you could see your Spike arrive at your door before March, or right at the turn of the month. If more adjustments have to be made to the tooling, it kicks us back 2 -3weeks because we wouldn’t be able to make those adjustment until after CNY, and we have to get another set of articles for approval. We’re hoping, as I’m sure most of you, that this next set will be the ones. We’re sitting inches from a big red button but can’t press launch – it’s torture! We are an optimistic bunch though; even with all the setbacks we’ve had along the way. Our manufacturer has also been an excellent resource; they’ve noticed and fixed problems that we (or anyone else) never would have noticed. The sooner we can give them the green light, the better for every party involved, and they are well aware. As always, before we can go ahead with Spike 3, we need to give the green light for Spike 2 – so those are still set to lag 3-4 weeks behind that date. So as soon as we receive those next units we’ll send out another update, and hopefully it’ll be as easy to type as it is to read! Until then, Robert + Cody + the SoloMatrix Team Hello and Happy New Year to all our backers! Today we opened a box containing our first-run production Spikes that were air-mailed from Malaysia last Friday. We received the first 10 units today and will be looking forward to another 20 by the weekend, just in time to get them down to Las Vegas for CES. Calipers in hand, we will be scrutinizing every detail of these first units to make sure every tolerance, radius, and dimension is made to spec. A picture says 1,000 words so here are some of the very first photos for your viewing pleasure: Unboxing More unboxing Extra sets of keys All the parts Keyboard close-up with final printed legends Side view with keyboard stowed Angled back view All three! Quick access, typing, and full screen modes If you want some more shots, we'll be happy to take any, just let us know in the the comments. Now we only have black keys (and phones for that matter) at the moment, and these units are painted (not molded from colored plastic as they will be when you get yours), but you get the picture! We will be bringing these Spikes, and more, to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas next week. If any of our backers are attending this show, we would be ecstatic to show you these in person! Our booth is at the Tuesday night ShowStoppers media event (must be an attendee or have press credentials) but we will be in Vegas on Monday night and Wednesday as well. If you will be there and can't get into ShowStoppers, send me a message and we will plan on a time and place for meeting up. What this news means to you We're getting really close to full iPhone 4/4s production We've identified several issues with these units already that require a couple modifications to the tooling and manufacturing processes We estimate that we will be able to give the green light for full production within 3 weeks, if not sooner Spike 3 production for the iPhone 4/4s will begin subsequently after we give the green light Spike for the iPhone 5 design is well underway; we've learned an enormous amount from these current models and that's made the design process exponentially easier and faster – we already have a couple great-looking working prototypes that will make an appearance next week at CES. We'll do an iPhone 5-centric update later this month that will give you a comprehensive view into that process, including design renderings and photos of the prototypes As mentioned before, if you would like to switch around your order to or from the iPhone 5 model of your Spike, just send a quick message and we'll make the changes. This was a great way for us to ring in the new year, and we wish all of you a wonderful 2013! Best, Cody + Robert &amp; the SoloMatrix Team Hello Kickstarters! It’s been several weeks since our last update and much has happened in the world of Spike. Firstly, the iPhone 4 and 4S models are finally in the production stage – injection-molding tooling is being cut from steel in Malaysia and in just a couple weeks we’ll start receiving first-run parts hot off the presses. Keep in mind that on a Spike 2 alone there are close to 80 individual parts that each need their own tooling (okay so 34 of them are keys but that’s still a ton of parts!). It’s quite an operation but thankfully our industrial designer has a lot of experience in the DFM (design for manufacturing) department so that means that even though there are so many parts the assembly is straightforward. Running parallel to the tooling, we are also designing and building the test fixtures for the factory for quality control right on the line. We’re dealing with tolerances that watchmakers are much more familiar with than keyboard designers so we’ve had to come up with some creative pass/fail tests to ensure only the highest quality parts made exactly to specifications will make it into your Spike. Once the tooling is cut we’ll receive the first 100 units for testing before giving the green light for full-scale production, which is a high-speed process that can produce several thousand units over the course of a couple shifts at the factory. We’re all super excited to get those beta units for testing as the quality of materials and assembly will be far better than even the best 3D printed SLA prototypes that we’re so familiar with at this point. We’ll be bringing several of these first run production units with us to the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas at the beginning of January (for those of you who will be attending CES, our booth will be in the Showstoppers section on Monday night). There will be some great press and also a huge opportunity to meet with distributors and retailers to get Spike on store shelves ASAP. Unfortunately, this also means we won’t have units to ship for the holidays – but in the world of technology and consumer electronics, CES is the biggest holiday of the year. In addition to our production quality iPhone 4 Spikes we will also have the first iPhone 5 prototype of Spike with us at CES. We’ve gained an incredible amount of knowledge through the iPhone 4 design process and are carrying that with us throughout the iPhone 5 development and production. We have identified improvements in the design and in simplifying and accelerating the tooling and production processes. Our designer is busy putting our ideas on paper and we’re excited to include some added functionality for these future versions. Some of the ideas we’re playing with for the iPhone 5 (and later!) models are backlit keys, composite material cases (hybrid hard ABS / soft TPU), battery modules, and belt clips, to name a few. We’d love to hear any features you’d like to see in a future version of Spike, so feel free to leave suggestions in the comments. All the best, Robert, Cody, + the SoloMatrix Team P.S. Last month we showed you renderings of design changes that we wanted to implement in Spike 2; today I’ll leave you with real-life photos of those changes in our final pre-production prototype: P.P.S. If you would like to switch from an iPhone 4 model to an iPhone 5 model of Spike, please send us a direct message through Kickstarter and we’ll make the changes. Hello all! As mentioned in our previous update, some of us were going to Malaysia to meet with our manufacturer and kickoff the production tooling. Robert Solomon and Steve Korn from our engineering team spent a week with our key supplier CPI and went over every detail of both tooling design and production startup. It was a great trip and we gained a really solid relationship with our partners on the other side of the Pacific. We were also extremely impressed at the quality of CPI's facilities (see picture below) ! They've agreed to rush the tooling for our injection molding to a 30-day turnover time from when we release the drawings to full production. There are over 15 parts for Spike 2 alone that need injection molding tools made for them and we've already begun sending drawings to CPI. Photos taken from our manufacturer's facilities in Penang, Malaysia We have also, in this last week, been in discussions with retail outlets in the US regarding distribution once we have landed product. A couple of very knowledgable individuals in the industry tried out our pre-production prototypes and provided us with some great feedback about optimizing the user experience of Spike. As a result of these feedbacks we've made the difficult decision of having to delay the manufacturing process a bit further by a few weeks to make some changes to our design that we know will improve the experience of the end-user, you! We know no one out there likes delays, most of all us. Balancing between our commitment to time and our commitment to quality is a difficult challenge, and both come with their own set of implications. The bottom line is that we all agree that the improvements we've made in the last couple weeks outweigh the negative impacts of production delays and we're confident that they will ultimately increase your satisfaction with our product. The end of a long days work – every last detail is important! Our designer has been burning the midnight oil to get our modifications into the 3D files and the 'Design For Manufacturing' (DFM) drawings that show how to produce the parts using injection molding, and it should all be wrapped up by the end of next week at which point we can all breathe a sigh of relief. So, what does that mean for you? As production is only as fast as the slowest part it means assembly of Spike won't take place until next month, November. We're estimating that we will have orders of the iPhone 4 versions beginning to be fulfilled by the end of November. As we said in our last update, we're also allowing anyone who upgraded to an iPhone 5 to change their Spike to the iPhone 5 version, due out in January. Send us a quick message if you would like to do so. Our next update will highlight some of the important changes we've made – until then we'll leave you with a picture of Carmen, our CPO (Chief Puppy Officer), hard at work! Thanks for reading, Cody &amp; Robert + the SoloMatrix Team <email> spike.solomatrixinc.com Hello all, We just flew to Malaysia to go tour the factories that are producing Spike but wanted to give you a quick update on our pre-order website which was just recently completed. We've opened up pre-orders to the public outside of Kickstarter at <url>– thanks Adam!! Today is our first day in Malaysia so we're all pretty excited – expect some production updates soon! Best, The SoloMatrix Team P.S. It has come to our attention that someone out there has already created a fraudulent website claiming to sell Spike located at <url>– this is not legitimate and we are looking into ways to get it shut down. If you think you can help, send us an email at info(at)solomatrixinc.com – thanks!! Hello to all our backers! Since out last update we have been busy at work finalizing the specifications for our production tooling for Spike 1 and Spike 2 . We’ve received our final round of pre-production prototypes and liked them so much we have officially given them our seal of approval and sent the final CAD files and specifications to our manufacturer ( Spike 2 CAD rendering shown below): It's pretty amazing how that can turn into this: We’re flying to Penang, Malaysia on the 16th of this month to meet with our manufacturer and check on the tooling and production process. Generally speaking, tooling takes 2-3 months for a product like ours depending on the complexity of the design. Our manufacturer has quoted turnover times of 30-45 days, however tooling is as much an art as it is a science, so we can’t yet say that number is set in stone. Spike 3 shares a similar design with Spike 2 , but because the case is aluminum the manufacturing process is vastly different – we’ve sent out bids and received quotes from fabrication shops in Idaho, Washington, Oregon, and California and hope to finalize a contract in the next week or two. Because no actual tooling is required for the aluminum case, Spike 3’s timeline is more flexible and gives us more room to firm up our relationship with CNC shops here in the US. Regarding shipping costs for those living outside the US who did not include it in their original pledge: we’ve received about 98% of the survey responses and so we will begin sending invoices via PayPal to the email you provided Kickstarter. We’ve also been working on an e-commerce website that will allow us to continue accepting pre-orders. We’ve hit some roadblocks along the way but have overcome just about all of them by building the system from the ground up and are in the bug testing phase right now – it should be up and running within a few days from this update. We’ll post the link and send an announcement as soon as it’s live. Thanks for tuning in to our update, keep a lookout in the coming two weeks for news about our website and trip around the world – we’ll be sure to send pics! Best regards, Robert &amp; Cody Solomon + the SoloMatrix team P.S. Don't forget to tune in to Apple's announcement for the iPhone 5 tomorrow – we're beginning the new design as soon as we get our hands on the specs! Hello to all our backers, First of all, thank you all for making this campaign a great success – we couldn't have done it without your help!! Here's a taste of what's to come: In the next week we will be sending out our backer surveys that will give you the opportunity to input your shipping address and color choices, as well as a couple other details We've been working on building a website that will allow us to offer Spike pre-orders to continue building our customer base by taking orders – we will be selling Spikes at their suggested retail prices but as a Kickstarter backer you'll get a special discount code that you can share with your family and friends We've confirmed the third color for Spike 1 &amp; 2, and you've all seen it: it's the red that you can see in the main photo of our Kickstarter page. We're calling it InfraRed and it will be an option in the survey that will show up in your inbox this week We're receiving our final pre-production prototypes for Spike 2 later this month so we can give them our approval before giving the green light to begin the tooling. A lot of time has been spent on the refining process and so we're really excited to see them in action! We'll post pics as soon as we get them Stay tuned for more to come, and keep a lookout in your inbox for your survey! Thanks all, Cody and Robert PS. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for the most up-to-date coverage of Spike! Hello everyone, We had a great last 7 days for the project, we reached 100% of our goal AND crossed the 1,000 backer line! But we still have more than two weeks to go, and we still need your help in spreading the word about Spike. Share our project link ( <url>¹. Below are some pics of what we have ahead of us: Spike² parts should be close behind so we'll let you know the progress in the coming weeks. Here's a couple more shots of Spike¹ in various poses, including "watch-a-movie mode" (the keyboard functions as an ad hoc stand – a useful trait that shouldn't be ignored!) And one of the back of Spike¹ while in full-screen mode: Here are some future Spike³s waiting to be CNC machined: We've also revised the keyboard legends with a new font: Tell us what you think! So far we've had a great reception of our project here and we want to keep the momentum going for the next 30 days! Help us out by spreading the words to your friends and family on Facebook and Twitter, here's the shortlink to our Kickstarter page for sharing: <url>– let's make Spike into a community! Thanks again everybody, we'll keep you posted on future developments soon. If you have any questions, comments, feedback, or suggestions don't hesitate to send us a message! Cody &amp; Robert Solomon First off, we want to give a big thanks to all of our backers! We're really excited to be on Kickstarter, an amazing and creative platform to bring ideas and products such as ours to fruition. While we don’t know the exact date for the introduction of the long-awaited iPhone 5 from Apple, we all know it is around the corner. We also know that lots of existing iPhone users will be standing in line to get their hands on one. From the time we have one in our hands, we estimate that it will take approximately four months to tool and manufacture Spike keyboards for the iPhone 5. In order to make sure our Spike collection will be available to all backers of this project, we have a special offer: as a backer you will be able to purchase an equivalent iPhone 5 version of Spike¹ and Spike² for today’s Kickstarter prices of $25 and $50 respectively, as soon as they become available. Of course, you will be among the first to have one in your hands. If you want to get ahead of the curve, we've also added two Future Proof reward levels at $49 and $99 that will allow you to pre-order both versions (iPhone 4 and 5) of Spike¹ and Spike² . You'll receive the iPhone 4/4s version this September and we estimate we'll be ready with the iPhone 5 versions by January. Thanks for all your support, we are honored to have so many new members on the Spike team – don't forget to share the project with your friends and family across all your social networks, let's work together to beat our goal! Best regards, Cody &amp; Robert Solomon P.S. Find us on Facebook and Twitter ! RE: iOS 7 – From what we can see in the WWDC keynote Spike will not have a problem on the new keyboard design. Keys appear to be in the same place, and if they did in fact change anything but the graphic design, we will be able to adapt quickly as it will only affect the (x,y) placement of the capacitive pads on our printed circuit board. Spike for the iPhone 5 also features a removable keyboard that will allow swapping in and out different keyboard layouts and designs. Hey all! I'll be flying to Malaysia tonight to oversee the final stages of production & assembly of the iPhone 4 models of Spike 1 & 2, as well as the keyboards units that will make it onto Spike 3's. I will also be bringing back the first set of units (as many as we can fit in a suitcase) so we're going to begin shipping orders as soon as I get back on June 5th. I'll be taking plenty of pictures of the facilities and the manufacturing process that I'll attach in official updates while I'm there. Our iPhone 5 models are getting prototyped right now in California and we should be receiving those back in Seattle next week, so we'll be posting those ASAP. Re: the other keyboard case on KS – we are aware of that product but are confident in Spike and it's underlying patented technology. We'll be watching closely! Look out for a proper update in your inboxes soon, right now I have a flight to catch! Have a good weekend! Quick mini-update: Case part manufacturing is currently underway. Case assembly will begin on the 16th (sonic welding the halves together etc). Keyboard parts will be assembled the following week when one of our team, most likely myself (Cody), will be there in Malaysia to oversee the final assembly and testing. Booking flights tomorrow, I hope to bring the first 500 units home in my suitcase! We should be getting some pictures of the manufacturing soon, so we'll attach those in a proper update when we get 'em. Meanwhile we just got bids for iPhone 5 prototyping and will be moving forward with those ASAP. Those will be either 3d-printed SLAs or cast polyurethane and will include 2 different materials, one hard plastic for the case shell and a softer, flexible material in place of the rubbery TPU so they will be excellent examples of what the next-gen Spike is all about! To backers whom is it may concern, As I tried to point out in a previous update, we have encountered unanticipated issues resulting in many unacceptable delays. We never have, and are not now, trying to get out of accepting complete responsibility. Also, as members of our team are themselves backers of various other projects, we know how it feels when a product has many delays or in some cases fail. First, KickStarter is primarily for projects that most often have not been done before. It is not a store, rather it is a place where you have the opportunity to invest in projects that you think are cool or have products that you really like. We developed a new technology in order for Spike to function successfully. Unfortunately, we have run into many unforeseen hurdles along the way in getting Spike manufactured in a timely manner. That is, more often than not, what happens with new untried technology projects in development environments, even outside of KickStarter. Projects very often take longer, are more difficult, and more expensive than the creators anticipated - that is all that has happened with our project. In spite of the unanticipated obstacles we have persevered and spent multiples of the funds raised on KickStarter to make sure all of our backers would receive Spike, and we as the creators would have a shot at a successful commercial venture. In our case, we have a seasoned development team with a record of successful products and we still find ourselves in this position. With that said, as backers that relied on what we presented on KickStarter, you have every right to question our competency, our ability to execute, or of being too optimistic, etc. However, suggesting that we are ‘scam artists’ or that we have personally enriched ourselves at our backers expense is simply beyond the pale and could not be further from the truth. And from a personal point-of-view, personal attacks from backers of KickStarter projects to their creators are not within the spirit of the community. While we are very distressed that it has taken this long to get Spike manufactured, it is not uncommon problem. According to a recent article in Forbes only 25% of Design and Technology projects on KickStarter were delivered timely and 75% were late by an average of eight months. While we don't know personally, we are confident that virtually all of those that were late, or may have failed, were not because the creators were out to cheat their backers or through lack of effort, but rather due to the inherit obstacles associated with doing something new that often pushes the envelope. In closing, we again want to thank all of our backers for their patience and understanding. Best, Robert + the SoloMatrix Team P.S. @Rene, Terry, & John – Your orders have been changed to the iPhone 5 version of Spike! Update on the way! We just wrapped up i5 design, working to get some renderings out today, may have to settle for CAD renderings if our processors can't work fast enough. @daniel - And thank you for your contribution, patience, and continuing support. I think you hit the nail right on the head! @barry – No one is getting an inferior/flawed product. The problems I was referring to were those discussed in the updates, generally relating to our sonic welding and plastic warping problems (problems which have been solved). Spike 3 was always immune to these due to the different nature of production/assembly. /hello w̶o̶r̶l̶d̶ james – Thanks for the rant! It is good to hear everyones opinions. Being this behind schedule is frustrating for us too. I'm just going to quickly address a couple points and hopefully clear some things up for you: firstly, if you think that we don't understand/comprehend the consequences of the situation we are in, I'm afraid you are mistaken. This product is our business, we work 7 days a week at it. We fully understand – and comprehend – the ramifications of our product becoming irrelevant before it comes out. And personally, I wouldn't mind giving the S4 a spin myself, but that's not the point. Spike for the iPhone 4/S is coming out. We're not stopping the train now, even if it's not moving as fast as we, or you, would like it. Secondly, we have gained a ton of experience in the design for manufacturing department and, as stated, have redesigned the iPhone 5 models from the ground up so that we can avoid the litany of problems we faced with our current models. Our next (bi-weekly) update will provide renderings (read: fancy Photoshops) of our new design, as well as a realistic timetable. We'll post actual photos as soon as we get them prototyped using 3d-printing or cast PU. Thirdly, Spike 3 – we are working on these, it's just that they depend on a lot of Spike 2 parts that we don't yet have. Fourthly, the PS1 came out it '94, the PS3 in 2006. I am confident that this won't take us a dozen years :) Annndddd finally, thank your for your pledge and donation! Every dollar does count. We are producing what we think is a killer product, and do hope you think so too when you receive it – even if it doesn't work with your PlayStation 3. Keep an eye out for the next update, and leave the worrying to us! @Austin, Luna, Hector, Jeff, Tamer – Your orders have been changed to iPhone 5 versions of Spike. @Angela – We are a technology product, albeit a simple analog one. We have a printed circuit board, a carbon-rubber resistor, an antenna, complete with 34 capacitance switches. All those components, due to their sensitive analog nature, actually made this product more difficult to manufacture than a bluetooth or wired product as it took far more R&D to tune the product to interface with a variety of touch screens that are used in iPhones. @Nick – That is our hope too, but if it is the first 's' model to change forms we will be ready to adapt our latest design to the new shape. We'll post that design, for the 5, in an upcoming update soon. We actually did have a design in January, but it was based on the 4S design that has caused us so many problems. In an effort to both modernize it and make it far more manufacturing friendly we stepped outside of our box and reformed it from the ground up. It now features a removable keyboard, a one piece case, and a two-color composite case made of hard PC and soft, rubbery TPU. That design reformation was a delay brought upon by us, not our manufacturer as with the 4/s, but it was the absolute right decision, and we think you'll agree when you see it. @Hector, Rob – Thank you for your encouragement and understanding, just because we're late does not mean we will be cutting corners. It's important to us that we turn out a quality product in the end, and it is our hope that end will justify the means. You can also expect a much smoother road to iPhone 5 versions, as we've gained an enormous amount of knowledge in the development and manufacturing of the iPhone 4 versions (including a ton of "what not to dos"). Re: the keyboard being small – we are limited by the size of the screen itself, and end up being 90% of width of the BB Curve's keyboard. Our keys are much larger than the on-screen keys, so we think you'll find Spike to be a major improvement. It's coming Barry! Been in meetings for 48 hours re: these units, we'll get an update out by end of day. Hey all! We're supposed to be receiving our latest pre-production units next Wednesday so we'll email out a true update then, just wanted to touch base to let you know that they are on their way (FedEx tracking #799286833352) from Malaysia. We are anxious to give the green light for full production, as you know we're coming up on 6 months late (though not a year, @FoldingFan), so we're pushing as hard as we can to get our manufacturing issues solved. We have heard that this set is much improved from that last several we received so we expect to be able to move forward very soon. If you have any requests to change your order, please do so through email or private message, as we simply can't make it to every comment left on over a dozen different places. We will, however, be sure to answer every message as fast as we can get to them. Stay tuned for the update on Wednesday! @Barry, Francois – We're working on it! Barry: We met some great local (California) based aluminum case manufacturers that we are excited to begin working with on Spike 3. Aluminum cases have notoriously been tricky, especially regarding signal strength (which is super important to us!) and they already have solutions to those problems, which should expedite our pre-production process for Spike 3. ETA is 6-8 weeks. @Karl – The great thing about the iPhone's dev cycle is that there is a very good chance that the 5s will be exactly the same (externally) as the iPhone 5! So when they do come out our iPhone 5 Spikes should be forwards compatible. @David – Working on it now! @Michael – Last week we migrated to a new server and had some hiccups along the way, but everything should be back in order now. @LivinLarge – On our working timelines we have iPhone 5 Spike due out by the end of April. We have some pretty substantial targets to meet by that time and we are doing everything we can to expedite the dev process, which we are deep in the middle of currently. We're confident it will be worth the wait. @Cy – We're looking to give the green light for iPhone 4/4s production in the next 1-2 weeks, which means we should be ready to ship in 2-3 weeks. iPhone 5 models are still several months out (3-4). That's about as precise as we can get! @Mark – Absolutely! @Hector – Nevertheless, thank you for supporting our project. We have been working around the clock for months to get you the highest quality product that we can then produce and distribute to retail channels around the world. Unfortunately for both us and all of you (our backers) we were too optimistic about how fast we could move from prototyping to production, but the good news is we are just about there now. @Barry, Francois – Just flying back today, will send an update re: iPhone 5 & CES at the beginning of the week. Regarding the CNET review: a Blackberry user (like the author) will definitely notice a difference in the way our keyboard works. As you may know, we are interfacing with a touch screen – inherently an imperfect technology (you can tap the screen and not register a touch sometimes). Our keyboard is not built into a direct circuit to the phone's microprocessor as is a Blackberry's. What that means is there are more conditions to meet in order to make out technology work. One of which, and perhaps the most important, is that the keyboard must sit almost exactly flat on the screen in order to produce a high enough Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) to simulate a touch. This has been one of the hardest parts of engineering Spike. The keyboard that he used at CES during our 2-minute demo (this was not a true hands-on review due to the nature of the show) was actually on our iPhone 5 prototypes, which were actually 3D printed cases. The tolerance on that material/process is not up to the spec that we require from our offshore manufacturers. In a nutshell, our prototypes look great and demonstrate that we've successfully applied our technology to the new phone, but they're not perfect. As soon as we have units to spare, i.e. after we fulfill your rewards, we will be sending out proper review units to press around the world for legitimate hands on reviews. We expect we'll be seeing much better articles at that time :) @Hank – Thanks!! @Steve – Cheers and Happy New Year to you! @Daniel, Mike, Lisa – Sure thing! Your orders have been changed. @Dr. Hank – Happy new year to you! Regarding your first comment, your order has been changed. @Stephanie – You got it, back to the original order! @Kevin – No prob, got you covered! @Barry – Just sent! @Frank – Check out the latest update for all the details. @Timothy – You can read the latest update for more on the first units. We are bringing the first units to CES but they are not retail quality (ready for the consumer) yet. In other words, we're not using backers' orders as sales models. But I'm sure you can appreciate that in terms of the success of our company, which you helped to kickstart, CES is extremely important! If anything, the pressure of the deadlines for CES has sped things up. If you're attending, let us know and we can arrange to meet! @Thao – Sure thing! @Sandeep – Your order has been changed to a Spike 6 ;) @Fortunato, Francois, Richard, & Munzer – Your order have all been changed to reflect your requests. @Barry – Coming up here in 3 weeks is the Consumer Electronics Show; we're attending and as a result we need photography of the first production units. As soon as we get the photos done we will post them and send out an update! @Taylor, Terry, Michael – No problem whatsoever! Your orders have been changed. @Jean, Michael – Sure thing, I've made the changes. @Hector – More accurately that means we're about 2 months late, as we aimed for around the end of September (4 months ago was the end of July). We're currently in the production process overseas and are limited by the timeline of that process, but it looks like we'll begin receiving preliminary test units in the next couple weeks, but may actually end up being almost 4 months late of our targets back in July as we probably won't have the final retail-quality units until January to ship to our backers. @Andrew, Jason, Wendy, and Neil – Your orders have all been changed and I sent confirmations to your inboxes. @barry – Yes, the limiting factor for Spike 3 depends on Spike 2 for the keyboard assembly. They should be ready at approximately the same time. @Susanna – Sure thing! @Susanna, Michael, David – Re: iPhone 4 Spikes –We've released all the drawings to CPI in Malaysia, and tooling is currently being made. After the 30-day turn around for tooling we have to produce test units, texture the molds, and go into mass production which is a couple week process. Mid to late December we'll begin getting retail-quality units that we will ship off ASAP. @LivinLarge – Yes, we have begun design for the iPhone 5. We're keeping the same basic concepts but doing some redesign around the hinge and keyboard to slim it down. We're also trying to incorporate a backlit keyboard that uses the screen as a light source – hopefully we'll be able to engineer that in parallel to the functional and structural changes so we can incorporate it into our first iPhone 5 iterations. No promises, but it's looking like a definite possibility! We're neck deep in iPhone 4 stuff as the tooling is being made this month and we're ramping up for production so I don't have any drawings or concepts to share with you yet but we'll post them as soon as we can. iPhone 5 models are still scheduled to be out early next year, Jan–Feb. @SteveTheo – Thanks! We think so too, it's a huge improvement. @Paolo, Adrianna, Michael, B.de, Adnan – Sure thing! (and Michael, it has been quite the learning process! ) @Shreyas – No problem! :) @Ester, Jim. and David – Sure thing! All your orders have been changed accordingly. @barry, razmataz – Most but not all. We're rushing day and night to get everything finalized and it's definitely proved to be a more daunting task then we anticipated a couple months ago! We're essentially making a computer hardware product with the kind of tolerances that watches are made with, so it's critical that we get every detail just right. But we had a great day Friday with our designer and made a ton of progress finalizing almost all of the over 20 parts that make up a Spike keyboard! Stay tuned for an update this week. @Adnan – You can check our updates section for the latest published news on the status of Spike (there's also information scattered in the comments from questions like yours). Our latest estimate puts the finish date for production at the end of next month with assembly and shipping happening not long after that. We're putting together another update with more details for sometime this week, along with more information on the improvements/fixes we made to make Spike even more awesome! And believe me when I say, no one wants this as bad as we do – so we're doing everything we can to get our Spikes in your hands. @SteveTheo – Your patience and understanding is most greatly appreciated, it's not easy being delayed! :) @Joshua – No problem! @Rob – We figured that the iPhone 5 would have this affect – after all Kickstarter is a community of early adopters. But the sales of iPhone 4/4S's are still going strong and we expect them to hold steady even in the shadow of the iPhone 5. Especially for enterprise users now that they have become more affordable for companies to buy in quantity. So we're very content producing both versions :) @Wendy – You can check out our updates (on the above tab) for more detailed information, but it's looking like the iPhone 4 and 4S versions will ship at the end of November or beginning of December. @Chan & Brian - Done! Changed both your orders to iPhone 5 versions of Spike. @barry – Sure thing I changed your Spike 1 to the iPhone 5 version. It affects the Spike 3 schedule equally because while the case is a different design, material, etc... the keyboard is the same as on the Spike 2. So we have to ship the keyboard parts over from Malaysia in order to assemble them on Spike 3 cases that are made over here. It's hard give an an ETA for Spike 3 an this moment because it could either be a bit ahead of Spike 1 and 2 or a bit behind depending on when we get those keyboard parts. We'll keep you posted via updates as soon as we know more. @Daniel & Stephen – No problem, your orders have been changed! @Brandon, Vince, Hank – Done! @Kevin – We'll send those as soon as we begin to coordinate the international shipping in a few weeks, but if you'd like to take care of it now shoot an email over to me at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Michael – Nonsense! We'll just upgrade you to an iPhone 5 version :) @Husker – Our original estimated delivery was September but we all share in your frustration, no one wants to get this out there as bad as we do! We're working hard everyday to make the final improvements before the tools are made. Thanks for sticking by us, it sucks being off schedule but we are moving forward! @Andrew – Done! Scott – We've begun the tooling process already for the majority of the parts, so we're looking at a minimum 30 day lead time. We'll send out more info as we get it. As for the changes you requested – you got it! @Barry – Not since our last update re:Spike 3. We're working hard on getting all our plastic injection molding tools built for Spike 1/2 and will be focusing on Spike 3 as soon as we get all that sorted out in the next few weeks. @Chai – No problem, we changed your order! @Steve – Check your inbox! @David – We're not forgetting about iPhone 4's! @LivinLarge – We hope to get them out by X-mas but officially we're saying January 2013. @Darc – From what we've seen on iOS 6 there was no update to the layout of the onscreen keyboard, but we would sure like to know if you know otherwise! Could you send us a link/picture of what you mean? Thanks!! @Paolo, Catherine, and Daniel – We've made all the changes you requested, thanks for supporting us! @Murray – Yes you can! Head to our online shop at <url>– No prob! You are switched to the iPhone 5 version of Spike. @Michael & LivinLarge – We're in the tooling process now which is the 'limiting factor' in terms of when we can ship product. Unfortunately we won't have Spike this month, but October is looking good if everything goes as planned *fingers crossed*. We'll be sending out an update with more details tomorrow morning. @Melanie – We'll ship 'em when we have 'em, and we plan to have them at the same time. If we get either unit in before the other you'll have that first. We want to send them to you just as fast as you want to receive them! @Stephanie – Yes they are all sent to the US first before we distribute them, so for those living in SE Asia your Spikes have to make a quick stop in this hemisphere before getting on a back on a plane and heading to your home! @Michael – That is correct! You'll receive the i4 version this fall and the i5 version as soon as they're out. @Andy – No I'm sorry but Spike was designed specifically for the iPhone and will not work if detached from the protective case. @Hector – Not yet, but we're flying to Malaysia to oversee the production on the 17th of this month and we should be able to come back with a pretty solid date for when we'll have landed units! @David – We're in the same boat as you, we want to get Spike out there ASAP!! :) @John – Sure thing! Note taken :) @James – Originally we were offering Spike 3 in Neutron Gray and Kickstarter Green, but have now added Pitch Black to the list. As it is anodized aluminum, they all look very sleek! @Cy, Daniel, and XxLiviNLargExX – We still haven't confirmed any ship dates; we are working with a couple different manufacturers to get some limited production tooling that's comparatively very fast (as opposed to full production steel tooling) but it is minimum 1 month. If everything goes as planned we'll be packaging our finished units by the end of September, but as manufacturing Spike is a difficult process, due to the precision required and very low acceptable tolerances, we don't want to jump the gun just yet. But I can tell you, after a major design review meeting today, that the products are really taking shape and looking great! A couple tweaks here and there and we'll be ready to give the green light! We'll update you when we have more specific information regarding production status; we want to get them out there ASAP!! @HHH and Edward – Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send different surveys to backers who selected more than one reward (so if you backed two Future Proof rewards you only receive one survey). If you would like additional colors on the other two Spikes, just send us a quick message, we can make the note there! If you forgot shipping: After the surveys are complete and we have a better idea of everyone who forgot to include shipping we will send out PayPal invoices to your email addresses and take care of it that way. We'll give the surveys a couple of days and proceed from there! Cheers, Cody & Robert @Sofia – Check your inbox :) @Mike – Thank you!! Hey all, we just wanted to wait for Amazon to complete the processing so our backer list is final before sending out the survey. There are a couple hours to go today so we'll start sending surveys tomorrow! @Barry – Yes, Spike 3 is on a different time-scale, we estimate those will be ready to ship by November. @Chan Xing Yun – You only have to pay for shipping once :) Cheers, Robert & Cody @Eleanor – No worries! After you fill out our survey (that we will be sending in the next couple days) we'll provide everyone who forgot shipping a payment gateway to do so. @XxLiviNLargExX – We're looking into other colors for production and we hope to have one selected for the survey... Stay tuned. And thank you for your kind words! @Chris – Thanks!!! @Cy – You have to go into 'Manage your pledge" and up it by $20! @XxLiviNLargExX – They are an ABS alloy plastic. @Eleanor and Esther – Thanks!!!! @XxLiviNLargExX – We've updated both Spikes so that the hinge is on the left, it makes for better on hand operation for us righties :) @Susanna – Thanks!! We're super excited to launch! @Richard – You will get a survey after our campaign where you can put that info :) @Frank – You should have been directed to Amazon to make your pledge – I'm not sure why you wouldn't have been... I also don't see your name on our backer list so my advice is to try and try again as we only have 13 hours to go!! If it's just not working e-mail me at cody (at) solomatrixinc.com and we'll figure it out. @Kirpa – Sure! If you want to add another reward the easiest way is to go into 'Manage you Pledge' and add the amount of the additional reward you want. Then send me a quick message and I'll put a note on your account with your exact order so there's no confusion. Hope that answers your question! @Chan – Our keys do not actually push through to the screen, so we've modified the layout from the on-screen keyboards (take a look of the placement of the Q and A on our keyboard vs the virtual keyboard). Our keyboard is intended to be used with the ABC and 123 layouts of the English keyboard. It can also be used with the #+= keyboard but due to the limited space we are working with and the low frequency of use of those characters we are not printing legends for them (they're accessible in Quick Access Mode). @Metzi – Thanks for the support!! @Ken – We're definitely planning on both AZERTY and QWERTZ layouts for our friends across the pond! It's actually just a printing change on the keys so it won't be a very difficult modification. You can expect some news about Euro layouts before our Kickstarter campaign is over! Cheers, Cody @David – Estimated shipping is in Spetember. @Matteo – Spike is compatible with all apps that use the standard English keyboard layout, including Mail, iMessage/SMS, Safari, etc... @Johannes – If you would like the iPhone 5 version you can back the $50 reward and send us a quick message – we'll make a note on your account and you'll receive the iPhone 5 version! Cheers! @Mike – You can email either one of us directly at either: cody OR robert @solomatrixinc.com, or find me on FB at /cody.solomon or search me on LinkedIn, whichever you prefer! We're definitely taking into consideration both button access and bulkiness to make the most consumer-friendly product we can. @Tim – Our Spike keyboards should be totally Blendtec compatible! ;) @Adnan – Thanks for the kind words! It will touch the screen but the back of the keyboard is a smooth composite material that won't scratch the glass, the buttons themselves don't push through to the screen. We're still playing with the design of Spike3 and will upload new materials as they are available. Thanks so much for your support! @MJ – Thanks!!! We can't wait to grant you that honor ;) Thanks everybody!!! We really couldn't have done it without you! It's not over yet though we still have 22 days, get the word out there and let's keep going! @Jeremy – The audio port is definitely large enough to fit most headphone plugs, I use it myself with no problem! @Jeff – We've made the camera cutout quite large, it shouldn't vignette or reflect the flash. Cheers! @Mike – Thanks! We just hit 100% minutes ago!! We'll pour a glass of bubbly in your honor ;) Now let's keep going and see how high we can go in the next 23 days! @Anna – "Antenna-neutral" refers to eliminating the loss of signal that tends to plague aluminum cases. it only comes into play on the Spike3. @Stephanie – Spike should have a very similar feel to the Blackberry keyboard – a lot of people swear by it's definitely a benchmark for us. @John – Thanks for the kind words!! That is correct! @David –Exactly, it fits in a slot molded into the back of the case so it sits smooth and flush. @Barry - We'll send you a survey after the campaign and you'll able to choose colors – and yes, Spike definitely provides tactile feedback complete with a crisp 'click' :) A big thanks to all of our backers so far, less than 5% to go!! Check out this C}Net article released today after an interview with Robert: <url>– Thanks for the feedback, part of the explanation for that is that the printed font will be bolder than the wireframe legend, so we'll post another picture once we get the new keyboards. That may solve the issue of readability. @Evan – Thanks for the kind words! We're ecstatic about making this project into a success! @James – Thanks for the support! We're looking into belt-clips as we speak. Going to try a couple different options and will definitely take into account your suggestion about the clip the Life-proof case uses. Regarding colors, we're always open to suggestions! We'll be sure to include yellow in the mix – eventually it will come down to a vote from our backers so hopefully our Kickstarter community loves 'Electric Yellow' as much as you do! :) Cheers @Sandeep – We're definitely excited to hype up the iPhone 5 versions of our Spikes.. The Future Proof options are quite popular and we're regularly taking personal requests for iPhone 5 versions so we're thinking that may be sufficient, and works to limit the potential confusion. But we're still considering the best strategy going forward in the next month! @Anna and John – Thanks for the support guys! Now go out and share us with your friends! :) @Adnan -Thanks! We're happy with it too. We're already planning another video that's more focused on demoing the actual products and highlighting the functionality of Spike – we'll keep you and all of our backers updated on its progress! @Matthew – This project is focused on the iPhone, but the technology we developed is applicable to other touch screen phones such as Androids. We'll keep you posted on those developments! @Adam – Our Spike keyboards require no syncing nor charging, they are totally power neutral! @Anna – Thanks!!! We're making them as durable as possible, we know (from personal experience) the occasional phone gets dropped. The plastic we are using is going to get a soft-touch coating that has a rubberized feel to it to provide maximum grip! @Matan – Yes, to receive multiple rewards, select one of the tiers and add the extra under the "Manage your pledge" section. So two "Future Proof 3" packs would be $598. @Francois - We definitely have it in the plans at the very least for the Spike²! @All belt clip fans – Send us an example of your ideal clip/holster, we want your input in designing ours! @HHH – After the campaign is all said and done come the 11th of August we will send out an email survey that will allow you to pick colors as well as choose your shipping address. @Sandeep, Curtis, and Francois – We are currently exploring the option of offering an iPhone 5 only version of our Spike keyboards. Until we come to a decision, we are accepting requests for the iPhone 5 versions. To pre-order the iPhone 5 version of Spike 1 or 2 you can back the $25 or $50 levels and send us a private message with your request. We will then make a note on your accounts and you will receive the iP5 version as soon as they are available, estimated in Jan 2013. We are also offering Future Proof rewards that get you a Spike unit for both phone versions. Thanks for your interest and support of our project! @evermore707 – Thanks!! After the project deadline (August 11) we will send out a survey to your email where you will be able to enter your shipping address and color choices. @Tam – Just change your pledge amount, we'll make a note on your pledge for 1 black Spike² and 1 white Spike² @Ed – The back side is a durable and good looking combination of metal and and plastic composite Thanks for all the positive words everyone! @Lukas – The TypeSmart technology we've developed is definitely applicable to other uses such as gaming. We're already looking into the possibilities! @Jason - Yes, we'll make a note of that and you'll get 3 Spike2s! @John – Spike does not cover the charging port nor speaker/microphone slots. Apple's charging dock is unfriendly to most cases and bumpers, but we think that the Elevation Dock will accommodate us just fine! On both Spike 1 and 2 the bottom half of the case can be easily removed allowing you to insert it into any dock, including Apple's. Thanks for your interest and support! @Cameron – So far that color is just a mock-up, but we do like it too! We definitely plan to have additional colors beyond Ice White and Pitch Black, and will probably look to you, our backers, for advice on what to choose! Thank you for your support, we're honored to be your first Kickstarter project!! @Everyone – Thank you all for your comments, we're really excited to be here and it should be a very exciting 35 more days! @Ian – As a backer of our project you will be able to order the iPhone 5 versions of Spike from us at the reduced Kickstarter prices. Thanks for your interest and support! By the time this arrived, over a year later - our phones had been up-graded. Not compatible. Completely useless. Lesson learned - beware of “innovative” tech products, as they become obsolete faster than OS upgrades. I hope Kickstarter is smart enough to recoginize low life scum and ban these assholes from ever using this site again! $81K taken from pledgers. Easiest scam they ever perpitrated on 1200 backers. Please refund my pledge. Never received my products. I never rec'v anything- please refund my $150.00 Maureen J I never got my second case. Never arrive. Pls refund my USD250. I paid $1...about 4 years ago to watch this sh*tshow unfold. Someday I will be able to tell my grandchildren that, "I was there!" 4 years later, still nothing!! "Selected reward $225 The Super Cluster Pack is also a great affordable way to purchase five (5) premium Spike²s. This pack is really good for a group of friends, family, and/or associates. You know, the kind of people that want to be seen with a really stylish, must-have, killer, iPhone accessory. You know the drill, Pitch Black or Ice White. Free shipping to USA. (Add $15 for shipping to Canada, $25 for international shipping). Estimated delivery: Sep 2012" Never fulfilled $99 pledge yet selling at walmart.com and Amazon for $50! WTF? $99 FUTURE PROOF² – This pledge gets you our premium version Spike² in Pitch Black or Ice White for the iPhone 4/4s. It also gets you a Spike² for the iPhone 5 after we develop and produce them this fall; we estimate that we will be ready to ship the iPhone 5 version come January 2013. Our Kickstarter backers will be the first to have either. Free shipping to USA. Estimated delivery: Jan 2013 Very disappointing: I never received a case and not even an explanation why or an excuse or anything. Like 3 years later, and I still never got my case. Who is going to kick off the process for those who never received a case to get our money back? <url>"The dark side of Kickstarter." Specifically, I and 1,250 others ponied up over $85k to a company called Solo Matrix that promised to deliver an add-on physical keyboard for the iPhone (called Spike). Their approach, by the way, was very different than that taken by the company Ryan Seacrest invested in (Typo). As you know, Blackberry settled its suit with Typo. The interesting part of this story is the founders, Cody and Robert Solomon issued many updates on their progress, then went completely radio silent. They've left their investors (including me) completely in the dark, and to the best of my knowledge never delivered the promised product AND never accounted for their actions nor how the money was spent. Of course they have not replied to investor emails from myself or others. My hunch is this is an epic fail. The real problem here is the lack of accountability by Solo Matrix, and the lack of oversight by Kickstarter. I am seriously considering initiating a class action suit against both parties, to bring this malfeasance to light. I believe there is a legitimate cause of action against Solo Matrix for fraud, and a related cause of action against Kickstarter for conspiracy / accessory to that fraud. Their combined (in) actions have been reprehensible... Yours truly, Rob Batchelder WTF, stole my $250! you fucking bastards.. July 10, 2015. I received an email today saying I will be receiving a 5S spike - but so much time has gone by I am now on a 6plus. This has been a complete and utter cluster ****. What a ripoff. This is a criminal fraud!!!!!!! Is there a Kickstarter guarantee? Maybe a little class action by the backers against Spike may be appropriate. Paid for something that was not delivered. hi, I'm still waiting for any message, info, note or just a simple proof of life that my Spike will be shipped. I trusted you to make this cool keyboard and was willing to pay for it. What's going up with you? regards, jakob We need to go after this guy. Took my $150 and ran with it... <url>"Hey guys, we've abandoned the project and are living the good life with your $80K". At least I'd have some closure. I clicked the bio link for the creators and it says they haven't even logged in to Kickstarter since Nov 2014! What?! I'm not one of those people that expects 100% return on my money on Kickstarter. I get it. There are risks when backing a project. But come on, this project is getting on 3 years late and no update for 6 months? How hard is it to login and post a comment. Anything! Needless to say I'm quite disappointed. I guess the end of the Spike story is going to be that 1205 people got royally screwed but won't know exactly why. I want my money back ! ! ! ! ! ! NOW NOW NOW ! ! ! ! ! I also did not receive anything... 2015 and still nothing. Not that this is in anyway defensible but the lack of communication is shocking. Not so much as an apology? It's absurd how long we've waited for this. I doubt we'll ever see this shipped out. For anyone still waiting for this, turn the page. THE PRODUCT SUCKS (caps intended). Unboxed it and then it went directly into the garbage. Well, not entirely true. Tried (unsuccessfully) to unload this crap on eBay. #nosale After that it went directly into the garbage. To think I waited 2+ years for this. #fail New year and still nothing? Whats going on? It's January 8th 2015 and still waiting for my 2 units almost 3 years since I gave money to the incompetent morons running this program. The only excuse I haven't received from them is ------- IT'S IN THE MAIL. To hell with "Being respectful and considerate", these deralick entrepreneurs stole a lot a peoples money with absolutely no accountability. They aren't even close to earning anybodies respect. The fact that are selling these on their website is incomprehensible while they fail to deliver to those that financed their program in the first place. RESPECT, I don't think these people know the meaning, In fact I'm sure of it. Moved onto an iPhone 6. Guess we just complete write these people off. Also guessing I'll never back any future project from these folks. These guys are a joke. 2.5 years later and NOTHING. ZILCH. ZERO. NADA. And what do I get in my email to day?!?! "We wanted to let you know about a special promotion we have for you to welcome in the New Year: $20 off any order of Spike for the iPhone 5 & 5s allowing you to get a Spike TypeSmart Keyboard for only $39.95 (with free shipping in the US!) To take advantage of this offer, visit spikeyourphone.com and use the coupon code 2015 to subtract $20 from your Spike order. This coupon code will be valid until February this year, so spread the word and tell your friends and family! iPhone 5 & 5s models will ship immediately. We are currently out-of-stock for all iPhone 4 & 4s models of Spike. If you are on backorder for an iPhone 4/4s model of Spike and wish to upgrade to the iPhone 5/5s version, simply place a new order at spikeyourphone.com and use the coupon code above to take advantage of this offer. Best regards, The Spike Team" Seriously?!?! I haven't gotten my original order and you think I'm going to order more? I'm not even going to recommend these to anybody. I don't care how good they might actually be when they actually deliver. What. A. Joke. This is a joke. Spent $299 on a FUTURE PROOF package. Not once has anyone reached out to me to give me any kind of update. Not a simple email. Last update was in August. At this point, I'd take at least one of the iPhone 5S models so I could hang it on my Christmas tree as a fancy ornament. How about it Cody and company. Anything? Something? Hell, send me one of the broken, didn't pass QC ones just so I can have something in my hands. Luckily, I have not completely lost faith in the kickstarter model, but this has been a case study in how not to run a campaign. The fact you are taking pre-orders on your solo matrix website is an embarrassment. There is a link to "Be respectful and considerate" below the box to enter this comment. I've tried to restrain myself. Unfortunately, the way you operate is not "respectful" or "considerate". Merry Christmas nada Still waiting for my 5S cover- dont expect to recieve it, have lost faith in Kickstarter concept, one has to assume cody and robert solomon have given up. Any news? I'm still waiting... Hello, I haven't received my keyboard as of yet. Do you know when they will be shipping? I was one of the first backers. Thank you, Sharon when will this ship??? I believe your design was creative yet it's functionality is severely flawed. The keyboard responsiveness is inconsistent, the "touch" is stiff and the keyboard itself keeps falling off. I have had it on my phone since receiving it but am removing it now. Four months since your last update that says things will be shipped out by the end of August. Still nothing... Are these shipping to Europe yet? I spent $250 on these out of my own money as some chaps fancied one and said they'd give me the money when they arrived. So 2 years later, two guys have left and the company has changed to Android phones. I genuinely wish solo success but the communication and service need to move up a notch as it looks as if I'll be out of pocket one way or the other unfortunately And by the way: on your www.solomatrixinc.com webshop you still claim the spike ships in 1 to 3 weeks. C'mon.... Still not received my spike keyboard nor any shipping notice or announcement. What are you guys doing? On vacation, burning the crowdsourced money? Thiefs, that is what you are!!! Hello! I have received my two Spike1s for the 5/5S and they work great on my HTC One M8 with screen protector on so I can't say anything. But this also means that I won't be getting a refund. Ha ha ha. I'll be waiting for my mom to come home to try it on her phone since she's using the 5. This user's account has been deleted. No shipping notice yet. What is going on? We're almost 4 months out from the last update saying they were going to ship. This user's account has been deleted. I received mine today and they are junk. They don't stay together. Thanks anyways. where is my spike 3 & spike1 ? I paid $150.00 it has been 2 years + 3 months. I have not heard anything. will someone please respond? I still have a 4s. it still works. And I still don't have my case. Amazing. Hi, I received yesterday my spike keyboard and I have to say that it's working much better than expected (in actually using it to type this). Combined with iOS 8 keyboards, it just does the job! Thanks! So. We're now onto the iPhone 6, which I just upgraded to. You gonna ship for those? It's been so long now you seem to just be trying to catch up. If you don't get these out you will always be behind. And no, I never got mine. For the iPhone *4*. Your last update said that it will be sent to us at the end of the month which was august. It is now october and i have not recieved mine yet. Well how about that? hello, Please send my 2 iPhone 6 versions if you guys are still alive that is I never got mine. How do I Get a refund ???? So mine finally arrived. I've tried to like it and use it, I really have but it just doesn't work well. I used to be a Blackberry user and was looking for that tactile keyboard feel but this just doesn't do it. Sometimes the wrong letters come up, alignment must be a little out. I'll dump it in eBay and just try to forget about the whole debacle. EVERYONE SHOULD COME TOGETHER AND COMPLAIN TO KS ON THIS- REFUNDS SHOULD BE ISSUED. The way this has been handled is not right. It has been dragged on too long. Its outdated, faulty product was shipped (the few), and all we get are bs updates to stall us further. SPIKE: What do you plan on doing for those of us who are living in real time? Most will be upgrading to the 6 models at this point. And the typing on the new models is easier. Even the new OS on old models is more intuitive as of this week. Investing in a product in good faith means you're trusting the creators to come through in Some Way. You are beyond too late on all models. You seem to be shipping faulty product. And you give shoddy partial explanations for your ill planning. Unethical. It's one thing for a project to not work out, and tell ks investors. We know there's risk. But this is not the same. Refunds are due. Do what is right. FWIW, Cody contacted me via email almost immediately after my last comment stating that there was a known QC issue with the locking nubs on some of the cases that were thought to all have been caught. He thinks mine may have slipped through and is sending a new bottom assembly. Now I have a floppy case to go with my floppy bird app. Seriously, the latching mechanism could have been engineered much better. I take back my earlier review. The keyboard itself works ok most of the time, but it refuses to lock into the back, so it's constantly flopping around, and is driving me insane. I can't say it was worth the two year wait... got the iPhone 5 cases.. do not line up with my iPhone 5. keys dont work properly or are wrong most of the time I want a refund Backer #51 here...received iPhone 4 case long ago...still waiting on the "future proof" iPhone 5 model.... Obviously not shipping the out in order. I need a spike for my iphone 6plus I am VERY disappointed with the final version of the 5 case. It looks and feels really cheap and the keyboard is not always accurate. The two pieces of the case do not lock together at all and I have had them start to slide off after light use. The "slip" of the timeline was also really unprofessional. Ironically I received the case and can only use it for about a month since my new phone will be arriving. I have had two new phones with a third one on order since this was funded :( Update: Cody answered my email just now. Will be shipping later this month to Europe. Thanks! Hi there, still no news from my case, not even an email after my numerous requests.. Well, they must be wearing coats in hell today as I finally received my keyboard case! I am typing this on it now, in fact. I don't honestly know if I would have bought one of these for $50, but it's not bad. It's not quite as nice as my ol' Blackberry Curve keyboard, but it's an improvement over my fat thumbs misspelling everything. Other than the 2 year delay with almost no word from the producers, I have no genuine complaints. It does what it says it does. Finally. Freaking scam artists. Got mine today and doesn't even stay together. So glad I'm done hearing "updates" from you guys, but will be haunted by this $50 POS until I can find some person on this earth who will pay anything for it. Well I'm typing this on my spike case I'm amazed at how well it actually works. It only took two years and for me to remove my glass protector which is my biggest gripe. Had it not been that it was already chipped and in need of replacement then this case would have been completely useless. I believe that had I known I wouldn't be able to use a screen protector I wouldn't have backed this in the first place. I wonder if sapphire protectors work with spike though. I should point out that I have a screen protector on the iPhone 5 on which the Spike is being used. It's clean, was installed on the day I bought the phone, and does not interfere with the M key in finger-y use. In one of the steps in the installation guide that comes with the Spike, there's a direction to remove any screen protector since the Spike may not work through one. From my perspective, this is an unrealistic limitation on using the Spike, but it is what it is. Cody has been very quick to respond to my request, though, and has offered up a replacement. I do appreciate the good service, and am looking forward to having a working keyboard. The keys on the rest of the unit have a pleasant response - much better than any of the bubble keyboards and more in line what what I've felt on a BlackBerry or equivalent. Im norally an optiistic person. I participated in this kickstarter progra, with the Spike keyboard (fro Soloatrix) a gift intended for y wife, s. alestic. We received it today, 72 hours in advance of the iPhone 6 announceent fro Apple. The keyboard and case installed soothly, though the "" key (the one to the right of the "N") refuses to work. It also eans I will need to give up on possessives and abbreviations, since "Bobs angoes" and "arilyns going to the arket" isnt going to fly in everyday counications. I received my order, sort of. I am a "future proof" backer and asked for an ice white and an infrared Spike for iphone 5/s. This order was confirmed by Solomatrix. What did I get? One white, one black (original order was for one black and one infrared). I emailed and messaged the creators and have not gotten a response. I continue to be disappointed in the communication from this project's creators. My black iPhone 5 version just arrived today, and I have to say I'm actually pretty impressed with how well it works. Too bad it came just 6 days before the iPhone 6 announcement... I got an email that my "Spike (model: Pitch Black - iPhone 5/s) is being processed and sent. . ." Could this be the real thing? Will all my dreams finally come true? I'll update when (if) I actually get it. My dogsh*t... I mean keyboard showed up. I only have to press the buttons 7 times to get it to correctly enter the letter. I was going to type this with it but the hinge is already super lose. Way to make me wait 2+ years for nothing. If this think lasts more than two more days I'll be shocked! Well, figured I'd spread the word that my Black Spike for the iPhone 5 did arrive over the weekend. Comes bubblewrapped in a small box with a printed note and instructions. The keyboard does function as expected. Well, scratch that, I didn't expect to get anything at this point, so I guess the keyboard functions better than expected. @Pete You sir are a creative genius and wrote comedic gold to explain using humor the frustration that we have all felt through this entire process. At least I'll still have the iPhone 5s I own till they jailbreak the 6. no word at all about the aluminum sPIKE 3. ? Got my case today! So i finally got the shipping email. At least now i will have $100 worth of crap to remind me not to pledge in any other kickstarter campaign When can I get the Spike for iPhone 5? I've been waiting for almost 3 years!!! @devesh While you're wishing for your money back from these asshats, you might as well mix in some wishes for a lasting peace in the Middle East, a balanced budget, or Santa to come down your chimney. On the upside, you've received two years of bullshit updates, a picture of a pallet and the satisfaction in knowing that these two idiots will never again darken the institution of crowd funding again, well, at least under their own names. So, there's that... This user's account has been deleted. i would like a refund as well for my 2 cases.. its been close to 2 years and i dont have the iPhone 5 any more . No one is replying to our messages.. thanks This user's account has been deleted. We didn't get a July update. Will an August one be coming? Dear Robert and Cody, My, how time flies. Hard to believe we've been together almost two years now. Two magical years. Boy, the times we've had. The trips we've taken (err, the trips you took, sorry...). What do you give two people who screwed over in excess of 1,200 backers? I believe the typical first anniversary gift is paper (in a sense I guess I've already given you that - let's just go ahead and call that my pledge - apologies, you probably know it better as my gift, charity, the money you stole, etc...). I believe the second anniversary is typically cotton. Now what could I give the two of you that is cotton based? I want to do something nice for you. Something that celebrates our time together and the promise that lies ahead. Please send me your wishlists/and or sizes. I can't even believe I'm saying this but I'm already looking forward to our 5th, 25th and even 50th {{blushing}}. All the best, Pete Yes, Kickstarter should have stepped in and protected its participants, the company, as well as it's reputation. Hopefully, some legal action will rise and make things right. Almost two years now. What a shit project and completely obstructionist activity by Cody and Robert. You guys needed 75K to pay off or front something and had no intention of working this out with your backers. Kickstarter should have intervened long ago and yet they continue to ignore and/or refuse to make this right because Cody and Robert can't. Thanks for nothing. Washington State Attorney General: file a complaint: <url>​ <email> Chief Operating Officer SoloMatrix, Inc. P.O. Box 4605 Rolling Bay, Washington, 98061 Telephone: (206) 842-5480 Trying to patiently wait for that monthly update required by Kickstarter Rules, but you're making it tough. Please give us some good news. I asked for a refund several times. Had an Iphone 4 than a 5s and now noiphone anymore. This is a desaster i;v asked for both of mine to be changed to the 5s I hope you get the message I need to change to 5s and have had an address change as well--don't see where I can directly message you though. i have been requesting a refund for my 2 spike cases for the last 6 months since i no longer have any iPhones in the house.. Appreciate a refund. Reading Rainbow campaign isn't all unicorns and rainbows. Some things to consider before pledging: <url>"investment" (I don't even consider it an investment, it's more of a "donation") - and I've always viewed whatever amount I've pledged as a good-faith, early-adaptor donation. For all of my pledges, I've received the product - usually it's delayed by months because novices are overly optimistic about the manufacturing process. I've long written off my $40 - the amount isn't really the point - it's these guys lack of communication and transparency - which leads to speculation that they're hucksters (I just think they're more incompetent and naive), and my hope that the result of any legal action by the good people of Washington state - is to give these guys a wake-up call. More contact info (from publicly available domain WHOIS records): <url>​ <email> Chief Operating Officer SoloMatrix, Inc. P.O. Box 4605 Rolling Bay, Washington, 98061 Telephone: (206) 842-5480 The Government Is Finally Trying to Make Kickstarter Scammers Pay <url>"Distributor Pack"? Can I update to the iPhone 6 case yet? Seems about right It would be a sign of respect to your backers who provided you with the capital to kickstart your product manufacturing if you would post an upgrade. I think two per month is not too much to ask. Hullo? I don't have an iPhone 5 any more so none of your Spikes make any sense to me any more. What will you do? Make me wait for the iPhone 5c version and run the risk I don't have that phone when you get around to releasing that or give me back my money? Fellows an update please? Best MM STILL WAITING FOR THE 2 SPIKES FOR iPHONE 5 TO BE SHIPPED TO ME. YES, I AM SHOUTING... BECAUSE IT IS OBVIOUS THAT CODY AND ROBERT ARE NOT LISTENING TO THEIR BACKERS. How about sending me a check for the amount I pledged) - that would make me happier. This is the ONLY Kickstarter Project that has not kept its backers updated nor have they delivered their project in a timely manner.... Brandon, the product was supposed to be delivered in August of 2012. I hope anyone who has business sense stays away from you. You are appalled people have been waiting two years for a tech product? I get it you are probably friends with these jobros. Just stop sticking up for them. How about one of the 10 mysterious people post a video of this product? Brandon I am appalled in your lack of standards when interacting with people. I got my Spike keyboard, and it's awesome! I'm appalled at the negative comments on here, but am not surprised considering the nature of online chatter. The technology used for this keyboard is obviously cutting edge. Everything fits flush, sturdy and slick. The keyboard does not require a battery, on/off switch or wifi. This simply does not exist anywhere else! I'm not one to pull punches either, but I only deliver them when it's warranted. If everyone had read the updates from the family behind this tech-product, they would have factored the incredibly challenging dealings involved in the Malaysian manufacturer. Having worked in product development before, I understand the hurdles Spike went through. The iPhone 4 and 4S (as well as the 5) are just as relevant today as they were 6 months ago. Everyone relax! Spike is arriving. If there are send-backs, consider that normal for a company that's operating on only $80k of startup capital!!! I challenge any of the negative commentators on here to detail how many logistical hurdles they've overcome with product manufacturing and product life cycle. I doubt most, if not all, would have little experience in this space. It takes hundreds of thousands of dollars and countless hours to mediate all the language translations, scheduling, flights, tech specs, prototype tests and parts selections. There are necessary redesigns of the product, and sometimes, new machines must be constructed to build the tech in mass production! Then there's shipping, insurance for shipping, packaging, insurance for the product. There's contracting from the beginning and renegotiating when unexpected restraints arise. Meanwhile, there's a community of supporters, like us, who are meant to stand behind ideas (even if they're under-funded). As a startup, I'm impressed at the persistence and unwavering commitment this family business has put forth to get the product to me. AND THE KEYBOARD IS STELLAR. It functions well, does not glitch and reminds me of the infamous blackberries. The legal community, and others like me in the marketing community, have been waiting for this for a long while. Like you, I was impatient because I genuinely needed something of high-quality that enabled me to keep my iPhone experience, while writing extensively when needed. Spike delivered on this need. I'm happy and satisfied. Of course, I would have wanted this sooner. Considering the circumstances and considering the incredible effort, financial sacrifice and commitment to early supporters, I'm willing to entirely defend the guys behind this campaign. Furthermore, the quality of the product will carve a new path in the marketplace. When you get yours, you'll see. Soon I bet. I hope everyone will consider these factors and calm down. The amount of slander, negativity and injudicious allegations on here are unwarranted. Spike came through and they have the ability to deliver on everyone's purchase. The product is awesome. I understand that there is no guarantee of an actual product being delivered when backing a KS project - I have no problem with the speculative nature of this. But since this project seems nowhere close to being actualized, and I'm only half serious: can we get t-shirts instead of a keyboard? Or are the shirts still "in development", too? A few comments: 1) Can I change my order to a iPhone 6 version? Since the iPhone 5 is vaporware? 2) How is it possible that Ryan Seacrest (!) can bring a product, however crappy, to market in less time than this? Looking at the project campaign, this was funded in 2012 - what gives? I made a mistake.... I received the Spike case for iPhone and not iPhone 5. Sorry for the typo. :-( I finally received the Spike case for iPhone 5. I stopped doing any long text messages when I gave up my Blackberry years ago. Using Spike is much faster for me rather than typing on the iPhone screen direct. Spike actually works better than I expected. Thank you. Just got my spike1 and I can honestly say I love it! I mean I don't have a iphone anymore so I just showed it to my friends and sold it. I thought it was well made and nicely executed even though it took a year. Typing was easy on my friends phone and didn't have any problems with it! After this long waiting I got a cheap product that type the letter S instead of D, awesome job in disappointing us SoloMatrix. This is totally unacceptable, where was your QA testing within the past two years? Please send me a working replacement for my iPhone 4 or refund my money and I'll send back this useless piece of plastic! I think these people have a plan: wait till all the backers develop Amnesia, and then do another kickstarter project for remembering stuff and call it: "spike RECALL?". Best part is these people saved me from spending on more - probably useless - kickstarter projects. Great brand management kickstarter. Facebook will probably develop a dislike button just for you. For all of you who have yet to receive your Spike...don't hold your breath...got mine for my 4S, and after about 6 weeks the keyboard broke off the case. It is poorly and cheaply designed....very disappointing ! (And it did not work very well either) I wish you could like comments here, I would like felipe's! "Can I change my order to iPhone 7 and 8? Stay classy." LOL This user's account has been deleted. Can I change my order to iphone 7 and 8? Stay classy. Haha this is great, Cody and Robert, I've finally caught on. This is all one big joke!!! You send these updates out to piss everyone off and we bite every time! And all you guys do is sit back and laugh at us for still thinking this I a project!! I should have known this was one big joke when I realized you had your ear pierced, no one in corporate America has their ear pierced . You guys win! Any possible way to change my order to iPhone 5? I backed when I had just got a 4.....been a while and now I am on a 5. Guessing this is a pretty common issue given the comments. Why not update people? Only thing worse than failed Kickstarter is getting an iPhone 4 case two years later. Guys, I find this whole project also pretty annoying because iPhone 4 and 5 will be out of business before the keyboards arrive, BUT: If you pledge at Kickstarter, you support an idea. You get a promise by the inventor to receive a sample device if the idea works, but that is not a legal obligation. If the idea fails, your money is gone - but you should not get angry, because supporting an idea usually means the money you put into it is free cash and won't hurt. I have supported multiple projects, all except a few - incl this - have delivered. But quite honestly >50% of the pledged products were crap, stuff I would never ever buy if I had the change to hold it in my hands prior buying it. There are only two I really like - the cheapest and the most expensive one, funny isn't it? So money doesn't say anything... No risk no fun should be your motto! Hi Robert and Cody, would it be possible to upgrade from the iPhone 5 case to the iPhone 9 case? I know the 9 won't be out for a few years but that seems to better align with your timeline for delivery. Thanks for your consideration. The updates alone are worth the $50 paid. They're like an "Onion" newscast - you know it's bologna and each is quite funny. Please switch me to the iPhone 5s Case I'm pretty sure this is not ever gonna happen, but I would like to switch to an iPhone 5s if per chance you do ever ship. Nothing but false promises. Been waiting for over a year now. Hey, I might get the iphone 6 before these guys ship. I'm sure the 80 grand came in handy. Not sure how you will recover because of this! Not very impressed with Kick Starter. Still no update? I am really disappointed with this project and the lack of communication with backers. I personally written this project as a loss and don't ever expect to receive my spike. For what ever miracle that happen and you decided to fulfill your end of the bargain, please replace my original backing for iPhone 4 to a iPhone 5. This user's account has been deleted. I say we get a group together and see what our options are for a class action lawsuit. They were in NO POSITION to make the promises they did! People should get their money back and these 2 should be put out of BUSINESS! There are a TON of keyboard cases around the market now. This one is OLD NEWS before it even gets DELIVERED!! P.S. who are the fools thinking they are going to upgrade to an iPhone 5? You are not going to get any Spike that you ordered So you recieved a batch on 12/13/2013 and stated that you would do a quality control check and ship the next week? Why the fuck are you paying to have non QC checked items from overseas? You are not checking anything being made in any country let alone your own country. As I have stated before this entire project is simply some sort of sham. Why would you risk your entire professional reputation for 75K? Having written off this project, this seems to be the real thing - typokeyboards.com Who wants to start a kickstarter campaign to raise funds for legal action to obtain our spike keyboards or a refund? Hello Robert and Cody, Can you please tell us how many of the 4s Spikes you have shipped to date and how many remain to be shipped? Thank you. <url>"Kickstarter is not a store." - get over it as there is an expectation of some reciprocation or "regular/everyday" people would not put money forward. LOL these clowns aren't refunding anyone ... but just remember ... let you rfriends and family know what kind of business they engage in... Ive been waiting almost 2 years I would like my money back. I paid for an item and I have not received it. It's that simple. Give me my money back. Well... now I've gone to the 5c, I guess this product is useless to me if it ever arrives. I think it's time for a refund. Have given up on this one. I haven't received any of the spike cases i was promised. What's up? Are these even real or just a bunch of BS? I have 5S now anyway but it would have been nice to see u hold up ur end of the bargan This user's account has been deleted. Let me rephrase that: No use to wait for the special edition that i paid for Please send me a 4s version and a 5 version ( or 2 for the 5 and 1 4s if you feel that you would like to make it up to me- i think you should by now) This product was first shown at a CES sponsored event in NYC in 2012. Having no shipments this item has turned into an embarrassment for both the designers and Kickstarter. The later should consider taking charge of this black spot and making it right with funders. SERIOUSLY THE 5/5S?????? What happened to completing the orders that were placed before the 5 even came to market............ Has anyone in Uk received an iPhone 4s case? Why are they developing iPhone 5 cases when the 4s arent sorted yet? Can you get refund???? Hi guys, I am a pledger for the iPhone 4/4S in black. If you haven't shipped out my case yet, could you please change my order to the iPhone 5/5S in ice white? Thank you! :) Please send my Spike (4s) finally to the netherlands! I can't wait. Hi, any idea when i might receive my spike3 in germany? Still waiting here in Toronto...when am I going to receive mine for the 4/4S ???? Just got my Spike. The keyboard looks and feels just like my old Blackberry. I can not type more than a few words on a the touch screen without mistakes. I immediately did several emails of one or more paragraphs with no mistakes. Including this one. I was unhappy about the wait, but now that I have it and am using it, it was worth it. I can forgive being late to get it right, but the end product is terrible. After 5 minutes of frustration, it went straight into the garbage can. Can you please change mine to 5s. Thanks Can you tell me when I will recieve my Spike (black)unit for my iphone4? I've beem waiting more than a year. Please change my keyboard/case to iPhone 5. Guys I ordered temhe limited Ed for the 4s and it comes with a spike 1 Any eta on the limited? change mine to the 5s! Can you just give me my money back? I've been waiting rather impatiently for this product but there hasn't been any news whatsoever. No response to my queries either. I hail from the Philippines and in order for you to "ship this product out to me", I'd have to shell out another $20 for shipping. I'd much rather donate whatever I pledged here to the victims of Typhoon Haiyan. Give me my money back and please keep your non-existent product. Hi guys, Change mine for iPhone 5S Dear Solomatrix, did you guys forget your kickstarter account password? That could be the only explanation of your long and repeated silences... For a real keyboard goto typokeyboards.com Wow, just wow. September 15th was the last day we received an update from them. I think they have ran away with our money, I see no progress or communication at all. How can a company think they can survive by not communicating to their customers? Update on mine that I received at the end of October: the case isn't as sturdy as I thought (the magnets holding the keyboard in place when swung into the back position have come loose and no longer stay socketed, but stuck to the magnets on the back). Also, the few times I did try using the keyboard itself, I noticed that the 3/E button was improperly aligned and kept hitting 4/R. Not that terrible a thing with autocorrect, but a major inconvenience when typing passwords. This case has proven to be an overall disappointment, which saddens me since I waited patiently for it to be delivered without a single negative comment about the wait time (a delay of over a year before delivery), which I was told was meant to ensure product quality. To other backers: I'm sure yours will eventually be on its way, but don't wait with baited breath. This item is definitely one of the cautionary tales about KS. Absurd. As I stated before this is simply a money grab for Amazon and their shadow corporation of Kickstarter. They have knowlingly allowed so many to defraud backers. Typical criminal thinking errors of both.............................. This is not fair...at least let us know what the status is of the shipments...why so quiet ???? Emailed you through KS to change my order a couple times. Wondering if this project tanked and they burned through all their funds or not. Any kind of update would give me some hope. Even it it's closed out I would hope they would be professional enough to let the backers know. So far 50% of my backed projects have turned out this way. If KS doesn't find a way to hold back funds ala Groupon then I'm unsure if I'll ever have confidence to back ANYTHING here again. You guys suck. I'm still waiting for my case. Why is it so fu*king hard for you to communicate? How can you run a buisness this way. Any future investors will see all the angry comments about your company and lack of communication/delivery of promises and tell you to get lost. Now it's not even so much about getting my case as it's about the principle of the thing. You took our money with an agreement that if you met the goal then you would deliver the product withing a reasonable amount of time. If you couldn't deliver then you should have said so rather than ignore your investors. You should apologize to all the backers and try to salvage whatever is left of your company's name. It's been some time since the last update, could you please update us on when we can expect to receive our Spikes? It's apparent from the comments that you've shipped a few, but it's hard to tell if it is as few as a couple dozen, or considerably more. Anna finally got hers! Now only 1201 backers left to receive a Spike. Can't wait to receive mine so I can finally close out my KS account. Nothing but heartache and bullshit for the most part. Where is my case? Where is it? I finally got my Spike earlier this week, and I must say that I find it difficult to type with. The keys are just as difficult to differentiate typing quickly as the glass ones, but harder to press and stiffer, making spelling errors even more frustrating. I don't have a different case for my iPhone and the case itself is sturdy, but I don't think I'm going to be bothering to use the keyboard, which was the whole point, in my opinion. What about those spike 3 units? You must by now have severa keyboards available state-side. I'm sure you have the CAD drawings, too. All you need to do is take the keyboards and the CAD drawings over yo your CNC contractor and have them made. It should take more than a half hour in the in CNC machine, right? ........So, when are you going to ship the spike 3 that I ordered? How about the courtesy of a reply to this post. Cody, Robert, consider my order cancelled and my pledge a gift. No longer interested in your product and no reason for you to incur postage fees. Very disappointed. How does one change the shipping address? It is not the lack of updates that frustrates. It is the lack of any form of communication. How could one be distracted with developing an Iphone5 model when you can't even make the committment on the 4/4S? Most stores don't even sell a 4/4S case/cover anymore and I know the intent was to refine this product with the technology that was already out there. Nothing really changed on the 5/5S with the exception of the size. Technical delays are one thing. Avoiding your backers by providing no response is simply indifferent and disrespectful. No spike, no reply and I can happily say I was chatting with someone who heard about this device and I persuaded him to run....run far away. Wonder when I will get mine...I'm in Toronto, any other Canadian's get theirs yet ? Received Spike Keyboard. Well constructed and works great. Hello Cody and Bob - any idea when you will ship my turd? By now, that's all I expect. I have not received anything yet! I didn't get shit on Friday and neither did Kyle and Hope I would assume. I hope when you guys get back from Mylasia that your EBT cards don't work......that'll show ya. Got my 4 case on Friday and it works great! Everybody loves it! Thanks SoloMatrix, even though it took a year. Received my Spike 2 iPhone 4s today. It's quite nice. Unfortunately, the irony is I didn't get home until late today when I got it in the mail... and earlier in the day I dropped my iPhone 4s and totally shattered the screen. I have tried nicely two times to contact you but have not received a reply. I am sure you are tired of us backers asking when our items will be coming but we have a right to be kept updated. My order of the premium spike 2 sounds like it will never happen. It angers me to read how your developing iphone 5 when us iPhone 4 users are still waiting! Time for another update don't you think?! Have not received anything yet and am seriously tiered of waiting. I think you would be able to nail it for the I phone 52s. I want all of mine for the iPhone 5s Got mine yesterday. It works great so far. Only negative comment I can say is that in the dark it is useless because the keys don't light up. I have to revert to the touchscreen. George - you will be on to the iPhone 9 before you even get the 4S......................thank god this is my last KS project ever! George, email them nd tell them. Messaging them on the comments does nothing essentially. Check the updates to see how to get in contact with them. Please change my order to an iPhone 5 model... Congrats fellow Portlandier....I'll live vicariously through your new awesome experience/device. Holy cow the day is upon us ladies and gents! I finally got mine and it is amazing. It fits snug and works as advertised. In fact I'm typing on it right now! I live in Portland, Oregon by the way. Still waiting. Will I ever get item? please change both of mine to 5S, just bought 2 "When, Lord?! When do I get to see the ___ ___ sail boat?!" stillllllllll waiting. Do not have mine yet Please change my order to iPhone 5 Please change mine to iPhone 5. I really would like to know what you intend to do with those of us who backed FUTUREPROOF. Will this now be iPhone 5 and then iPhone 6? It doesn't make sense to continue with iPhone 4 cases. change my spike3 to iphone 5, and my spike1 to iphone 4s ...IF you ever ship anything at all. And since this involved backers from all over the country, this could actually be a case for federal wire fraud charges as well. Any lawyers out there want to take this up? You know, I am getting tired of waiting. I gave you $100.00 thinking this was a great product/team. I am totally disappointed. I will not be supporting Kickstarter in the future. I only hope they know about your company and take action. Frank Carpenter Given the amount of time that has passed in projected delivery date, and the amount of money involved, we as backers may want to get the Washington state authorities involved for felony fraud. I believe I have already done so but I need to change BOTH of mine to iPhone 5 models please & THANK YOU!! How do I switch from iPhone 4 to iPhone 5? stilllllllllllllllllllllllllllll waaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng. This project makes me think of that line in the ford explorer in Jurassic Park - "You do actually have dinosaurs on your dinosaur tour, right?" There is no sign of mine yet. My patience has run out. With new iphones 5s I now longer have any understanding as to what you are doing or when anyone will see product. I wish to have a refund of my money. Please change mine to a I5 version, thanks. Like many others, if possible, I'd like to change to the iPhone 5 (for both of my Spikes) as well. No sign of mine yet. Given the radio silence since the last update some time ago, it is starting to look like the Spike project won't ever deliver, which is a shame really, as it was an excellent concept. Cody, Robert, I believe you should take the time to explain to your backers what went wrong, and bring some closure to this project. Hopefully you set aside the postage fees some of us paid when we backed, and will be able to refund those, even if you spent all of the rest of the money on the development of the product. This user's account has been deleted. Honestly it is not Cody and Robert at fault here. It is the liars and punks at Kickstarter and Amazon that have created an environment like this for Cody and Robert to thrive in. Is there any project on this venue that can be finished on a time stipulated process? This entire enterprise is a shrine to fraud and ponzi schemes. Thanks for nothing KS, Amazon and last but not least Robert and Cody. LinkIn provides answers to this project's failure. <url>"future-proof" version? (I have an iPhone 5) To those who received their spikes: did you get an email at the moment your spike was shipped? I stand corrected and am glad to hear that backers are starting to receive their Spikes. Even if there are some issues in usability, I am still very curious to see how these work first hand. Still don't have mine I hear a flushing toilet sound with my $150.00 going down the drain. it WAS too good to be true! What a scam. I have not received mine, and based on the comments...not sure that it will work anyway..wasted money....however I still expect to get what I paid for.... I also received a Spike2. I tried it for a while but found that about 1 letter in 10 was missed and that a lot of force was required to push keys. This made my typing slower than on the touch screen. I thought the unit was well built and robust. I believe the basic concept is flawed. I don't think it can be made to be reliable enough combined with ease of use to become a viable alternative. I am planning to upgrade my phone next month anyway so the issue is moot. I can see the developers put a lot of effort into the keyboard. I hope they choose a better target next time. @Chris I got a spike2. I don't think it's the keys sticking I think it's more that the keyboard doesn't make good contact with the screen so the presses aren't registering. @Kevin. Thanks for the info. Did you receive the Spike1 or Spike2? Still waiting for mine. Keen to test out the physical keyboard. I wonder if the buttons will become less sticky as time goes on. I actually got mine late last week. I tried using it for a few days and couldn't get used to it. It does what it's supposed to. Occasionally some keys won't register particularly the "w." But I think I've gotten used to typing on a touch screen and using a physical keyboard dramatically slows down how fast I type. I'm glad they are finally able to deliver a product but it's not for me. Can't help but think that a few people would have chimed in by now that they had received their Spike if the shipping had actually started over two weeks ago as announced. Can you please let us know how many you have actually shipped? Are we talking about a few dozen, or just a handful? I'm still waiting for mine. Anyone get their Spike 1/2's? I feel like more people would be speaking up if it truly shipped out. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. WOW!!! Does anyone notice that <url>"hard" you guys are working yet fail to communicate with the people who believed in you. What is the latest "issue" that is causing you guys to fail to engage with your backers? @ Kevin: I totally agree. The lack of updates irritates most users. Fine by me that manufacturing the spike took so long, but giving us an update on shipping is the least they should do. @ Solomatrix: anybody there to give us an update? The updates for this project are terrible. Supposedly started shipping first week of July no one seems to have received one yet. I wonder if that is just another delay tactic... i paid $150 for a premium spike 3. One Hundred and Fifty Bucks. i got burned! Thank you, Solomatrix. Thank you, Kickstarter. <url>"We as the principles have been severely chastised and criticized. In part, we deserved it..." This user's account has been deleted. Something has gone seriously wrong with this entire process. I am through with Kickstarter anything! It is obvious that KS is simply a money grab with no expectation of any assistance from them or the project developers. Tired of waiting forever for any "reward" that is promised by any of these developers while KS simply provides excuses on their behalf and laughs at the money they already took from us. And anybody out there with the "It's not a store and you get a reward not a product" response can shove it! @barry I do understand the Terms of Use,but it doesn't change my comments. I agree that it is unreasonable to not have an update and no rewards sent yet, but how far are you going to go with this? Lawsuit? Not sure if all that trouble is worth it. This user's account has been deleted. There something here I do not get: fine for me (though it's been almost a year) that you are late delivering the spike. But I don't get why you do not deliver updates on your website. It wouldn't take you more than 5 minutes to give us an update. It's the least that you can do! Regards <url>"investors" we're pre-orderers. We don't see any of the profits. We're paying for a product and if that product can't be delivered we should be entitled to a refund, plain and simple. If time is money, this is definitely the most expensive thing I've ever bought. What's the hold up on the UPDATES? I also have lost interest in this product. My iPhone 4s contract will be up in December and I'm pretty sure you still won't deliver by then. To all the rest of the backers who want a refund: how can we make this happen? Since we're now in the business of pretending, can you change my order to the Manti Te'o Catfish Edition? How do you contact Kickstarter to file a report about this project? So have you shipped the 50 or 100 Spikes you were planning on bringing back with you? If not, when will you? @ Shawn Starner: I have seen that lame argument posted all over Kickstarter, and it is pure bullshit! Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. They have not not fulfilled my reward reward, so I would like my money back. Best that you inform yourself. @barry kickstarter is not a store and badgering them does not seem to be effective. Cut your losses and move on. If you end up getting a keyboard be thankful and sell it if you don't want it. Hi, i wish to update my Spike for iPhone 4s to a iPhone 5 model, ¿what should i do?... The biggest issue is the lack of communication...knowing where things stand would be a great help and the right thing to do... I would like a refund as well. Thanks Please change my order to an iPhone 5 case - still want a red one. THANKS!! Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Clearly you can not fulfill your reward, so I would like my money back. i would like my money back I can't get over how bad you guys are at producing a product. It truely is laughable at this point. I hope you guys are happy that you have not only failed miserably, but made the people who spent their hard earned money frustrated by your lack of responding to the most simple questions. Stay classy solomatrix. Are you guys making one for the 5s? I want to change my other spike into the 5s since I ordered 2 So one for the 4s (red) and one for the 5s if you guys are still in business thanks! C'mon, seriously? You've received an overwhelming amount of patience and support - aside from the finished product all we've asked for is regular updates. It's been 3 weeks since we heard from you. It's clear you care nothing for your investors and supporters. Adios. This is the second project that I have backed that has exceeded the fulfillment date beyond a reasonable time frame. However both PM's have made statements related to WWDC neither of which mentioned WWDC in their initial pledge request nor did they require any breaking revelations from WWDC. I stated before that I am firmly behind Richard and Cody however this is becoming somewhat frustrating as there seems to be little communication from such a talented and capable team. How about a reply to my public and private requests to refund my money for not providing the product I had paid for? Try to be considerate. Any news on limited edition? Unless I missed something the last update was 17 days ago. What is the latest? Best of luck with the completion of the project. Jay @Cody Since you guys should be back from your trip with some retail-ready units, could we please have a shipping update on the status of the Spike for iPhone 4/4s? A new update on the status of the Spike for iPhone 5 progress would be nice too (DFM completion, prototypes, tooling, etc). Dear Cody and Robert, so when will you ship the spikes? Lemme get my $1 back! No one is going to even want my spike on eBay. You guys have really outdone yourselves on the timeline of this project. Congrats. /s Um....."IF" i ever get what I paid for! Just refund my money. Solomatrix has not fulfilled their end on the deal. @barry. The money's already been spent. That's part of the risk in being an investor. Just sell your case when you get it because that's the only way any of us will see our money again. You are almost 10 months past your due-date. I feel that I am being scammed with nothing mote than empty promises. I had sent you a private message that you have not responded to. At this time, i would like my money back. Please contact me to arrange a refund. I would not like for this to escalate. ???? I think we would appreciate some news on how everything is going. So, when are you shipping? Since Apple announced the ios7 to be implemented this fall it would appear that the current design of the Spike Keyboard will become useless under the ios7 software release. Please advise. ios7 was announced today, release this fall. it looks like the new keyboard design will render the spike keyboard just about useless. as i said before, the cellphone industry moves quickly and we just got burned. if it matters, i would like to change my order from 4 to 5, thanks. Please switch mine to a black iPhone 5 case. Thanks. Spike keyboards has not commented on what they are doing for people who no longer have an iPhone. I agree with a lot of the comments here. I feel there should be refunds for people who no longer have an iPhone 4/4S. Is it possible to get a refund? Seeing as I went from the 4s to the iPhone 5, and now almost a year later I moved to the BlackBerry Q10. (And the 4s version isn't even released). This is just ridiculous for a product that is supposed to be for a phone that updates every year. Good news in the latest update, good news. Here's hoping I see mine by the end of June! Please change my order to an Iphone 5. Thank you Jennifer Wow that other case is really interesting. I just switched phones from a 4S to the S4 so my iPhone is gone now; would have been nice to put this case to use the last few months but o well $150 out the door I guess, unless Spike does the right thing and starts issuing refunds to those who request it, but I highly doubt they will as this is not a "store" but an "idea" we are backing, but it clearly states that we WILL be receiving a product, so doesnt that make it a "store"? I think for $40 I will back the other project and use it with my S4, it seems they have already surpassed the Spike project in design, time, manufacturing, etc.. and should be shipping them on target. Any chance Spike would consider switching people over to a "galaxy" version of the case? If so what would be the target date for that? Cody and Robert, I'm going to look at the Blackbery Q10. What is the ETA for my iPhone 5? Absent timely updates I'm getting itchy... Rob BTW, did you ever patent this idea? Looks like your getting lapped. Now the question is, will they release theirs first and get all the credit/sales? Please transfer my $1 over to SleeKeys. This user's account has been deleted. Someone else just started a kickstarter for another keyboard case <url>"ice white" and one 'infrared." It has been a month since your last update. Any news to update us with? I'm now assuming that I can write off my money. Total loss is part of the risk. What a pity. Hey! Whats is happening? Any news to update us with? Hey guys, I've moved. How can I update my address? Hi Any news on spike3 iphone 4? Thx Did you guys get my request to change to the 5? Never heard anything. and the spike3? Cody, Robert - that's great news. Keep us posted and please under promise and over deliver! Safe trip! What happens if you no longer have an iPhone? So did you start the production last Tuesday? How is it going so far? "Which will happen first: Derrick Rose on the court or a Spike case on your phone?" "Um, I'll go with the apocalypse...?" It's just a phone case, be thankful you have a phone and that it still works. I no longer have my precious $1...but life goes on. New Anonymous KickStarter Motto: "We are KickStarter. We are legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Most importantly of all, we are NOT a store. Expect, nothing in return." O_o Hey lance, I'm glad to learn that when they said they would ship a product in september you had the forsight to realize you would not recieve it for 10month past that date! (that is if we believe their most recent "update") Sandeep, I thank you for your posts. At least when I come to this page to check on an "update" on a product I severely regret backing I get to laugh a little. Cody and Robert one piece of advice, do better. @Lance They could just refund me my $1... (Speaking of trolling, way to post the same thing twice.) @Lance +1 @Cody and Robert, We know that your trying your best. It just easy for (understandably frustrated) anonymous people to act like 5yr olds and lament about what is really a first world problem. Keep up the work, we know your doing as best as you can. @Sandeep, at this point your just Trolling. It's not sporting to kick people when they're down. Yes, we're all frustrated but you,acting like you are isn't contributing anything productive to the forum. This is someone's business, they want to see these units sold as much as we do. What if they decide to take your "advice" and fold the project? Then we get nothing. At least if the project continues we will still get what what we ordered, even if it is late. You basically paid $1. so you could have another place to complain and act wretched. Grow up, your why its it's hard for us to have nice things(like this Kickstarter project). @Sandeep, at this point your just Trolling. It's not sporting to kick people when they're down. Yes, we're all frustrated but you,acting like you are isn't contributing anything productive to the forum. This is someone's business, they want to see these units sold as much as we do. What if they decide to take your "advice" and fold the project? Then we get nothing. At least if the project continues we will still get what what we ordered, even if it is late. You basically paid $1. so you could have another place to complain and act wretched. Grow up, your why its it's hard for us to have nice things(like this Kickstarter project). @Nick I just knew it would take time for the iPhone 5 to get put out. At the time they said anyone who backed at any level would get the discounted price when it became available. So I only backed with a $1. That day clearly never came. I then realized how bogus KS really is. And as for donating to charity or a needy cause, I just did...didn't I? I just offered some end solutions to put everyone out of their misery with this. KS is like opening Pandora's box..."hope" is all that's left in the end. Sandeep, your lamenting posts aren't amusing and are clearly insincere. You have no interest in seeing this project succeed - the $1 investment you made (see Feb. 28 comment) in this start-up was a clear reflection of ignorance and self loathing. This isn't a forum to project the disappointment you've served to others - invest some time and effort into a self-fulfilling hobby or charity and you may find that investing in the success of others is worthwhile. Option 1: Why not just quit at this point? The reputation is shot. I mean you tried, no ones denying that. Its the effort that counts here on KickStarter, right? Option 2: Just make another KickStarter Spike project for the Galaxy S4. Get the funds, run a Ponzi scheme and pay all the iPhone backers their money back. Are the golden units ready for production? This user's account has been deleted. Hello Cody and Robert, Is the update on the "Golden Spikes" coming soon? I just want my $1 back. Cody and Robert, at this point, the damage to your reputation/ ego is done and will be largely repaired when you begin shipping the Spike as you've described. Numerous times I've witnessed vindication when a product reflects the creators' toil, attention to detail, and highest standards. No amount of words will relieve you of responsibility to your backers nor calm the agitated. Just keep your heads down, post us more frequently, and focus solely on delivering the best &$@ product that will blow us away. Looking forward to the iPhone 5 and future Spike cases. Please change my Oder to the 5. Can you change my case to iPhone 5? I emailed you a few days ago but no reply. Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Update? Update? @Steve Really? Phone cases have never been made before? -_- This user's account has been deleted. Would also like to change my order from the 4/4S to the iphone 5/white ice version. Thx ! @Daniel How much did they pay you for that lame comment? They're making a glorified PHONE CASE and can't even do that right. Too much talk, not enough walk. This isn't the Salvation Army. People expect products. What store do you walk in to and give them money months/years in advance? People who use that excuse/line seem to be incompetent. "It's not a store! It's KickStarter!" "Oh really? Then remove all reward date estimates and watch how this collapses." I think the frustrated comments by backers are missing the point. Kickstarter is not a store or a mail order catalogue. If it were then I would completely understand people's frustrations, "I paid for my item and I want it now!" But that is not the purpose of Kickstarter. By backing this project we were backing an idea, an innovation that we wanted brought to the marketplace, and our monetary support is making that happen. On the plus side, we will get a copy (or two) of the actual product. Perhaps by the time the Spike comes out I will have moved on to another phone, but if the Spike does well maybe the team will make a keyboard for my new phone. Maybe, if it does well enough, there will be Spikes for all sorts of models of phones. And if not, I will still think it was pretty cool that I played a small part in a piece of technology coming to the market. And what if the Spike doesn't meet expectations? Well, that is a problem for SoloMatrix and their actual investors. I have already played my hand. The magic of their idea already took hold of me oh those many months ago and it led me to make my contribution, Kickstarter won't let me take that back even if I wanted to, it is out my control now. I will count this as a success if (or rather when) the Spike makes it to market and it works as advertised, no matter how long it took to get there. If it meets the magic of my expectations even better. So, good luck guys, I am happy to have played a part in you making your idea a reality. " we have gained a ton of experience in the design for manufacturing department and, as stated, have redesigned the iPhone 5 models from the ground up so that we can avoid the litany of problems we faced with our current models" Does this mean that the Spike 3 that i had back is somehow inferior and/or flawed with a "litany of problems" ? Will my Spike 3 not be a functionally flawless product? (a BIG) UH-OH...... Dear Cody and Robert, What I don't think you are understanding or comprehending is, every - single - day that you wait to ship your product is another day someone may/can change phones, and your product will be irrelevant. They might get another iPhone or they might go with one of the other three smart phone manufactures that are available at this time. At the time of introducing your project there was ONLY the iPhone 4/4s, so assuming 99% of your backers had the iPhone 4/4S at that time in July/August there was no iPhone 5 (nor mention of it), now we are just days/weeks away from the announcement of a new iPhone (per the Verge the other day). It is appreciated that you are changing orders to the iPhone 5 but you havent even started on that one so you will probably miss the boat on shipping in the time frame for that model as well, also not one mention if you will make the Spike 3 for the iPhone (apologies if you have mentioned it, but I do not recall that announcement at this time). In my case I chose the $150 backer model with the Spike 3 and Spike 1, I was estimated a ship date of September by the project. At the time (Late July), I thought that was a ridiculous and far out time frame, and was hoping for a early shipment, and backed the project. For what was presented back in July looked like a really close to finished product, now we know it was just fancy Photoshop's of an idea and no where near as close to completion as it was presented. Now its 7 (SEVEN) months later and the Spike 3 still isnt even mentioned as being worked on. I "might" get an iPhone 5 or new iPhone or whatever its called, but I am really considering getting the new Samsung S4 over the iPhone. So if/when the product ships I am going to have a $150 paperweight case. I have been really patient and kept quiet as I can understand roadblocks/setbacks etc.. but come on really 7 months past ship date? Thats almost equivalent as putting out a PS1 game now when everyone is playing Xbox/PS3's. I hate to say it but I really do think you missed the boat with this product. The idea was a great one but apparently the execution for a shipped product just wasn't there. I really really really was trying to give you the benefit of the doubt but after this last update I can only sense that the bugs still arent worked out and there are more issues than being advised and still dont see a shipped product anytime soon. Apologies for being so long and hope by $150 helped, but I am going to stop worrying "I wonder if there is an update or shipment information on my case today" and just go pick up a normal case and use it until I switch phones in a month or so. /end rant Thanks, James If this were a technology product I could understand the delays, but this is a piece of hardware housing. A complicated one, and an elegant IDEA, but it there are no electronics, no bluetooth issues, etc. I could have bought any one of three bluetooth or wired products by now. I wanted this one because of the simplicity of no additional software, no connection issues or chargers or . . .. But it is ridiculous that this has taken so long. I would also like to change my order from the iPhone 4s to the 5. Hopefully you guys are able to start fulfilling these orders soon! I would like my order to be changed to the iPhone 5 version. Robert, the overwhelming sense of disorder and inconsistent updates have plagued this project from the start. I believe in your product and the potential it holds for folks missing the traditional feel of typing on electronic devices. Your note was polished and somewhat to the point; however, your note included reference to 'a future update including the final design of the iPhone 5 versions of Spike'. It's quite disappointing that testing this design wasn't completed / made in parallel with the outdated 4S design. The Apple release timeline is quite consistent - in light of the 5S impending release, my hope is that it shares the 5's dimensions. If not, will you be offering the opportunity to change our backing to a 5S or future 6 case? Keep pushing forward and know you have backers that believe you'll deliver a top quality product. Robert, I share Rob's sentiment, I backed another innovative product called the Cookoo smartwatch, the leadership team didn't even have a tent of the expectation management skills as you have portrayed. I know because I was one of the people very vocal in my disappointment with ConnecteDevice/Blutrek as the smart watch was a complete and utter failure. I will share you the details but suffice to say that they were slated to start selling in At&t stores but backer outrage and outcry that At&t pulled out last minute, I mean in every tech Blog and review site ConnecteDevice was blasted for the inferior product they delivered, over what they promised. So yes your already late anyway, take the time to not just have a good product which will not satisfy any backer I would assume, but instead a truly unique and marvelous product that will make people say why don't I have this, and make then envious of anyone who does have one. Also I would like to switch my spike 2 for the 4s to the 5. Robert, Thank you for the candid and professional letter. Even though your firm is guided by seasoned professionals, you are innovating deeply and taking risks - which means unanticipated challenges / surprises can occur, even to the most diligent practitioners. Anyone who has mentored a new product to market has had this experience. What is most important, and which you most clearly recognize is the art of "expectation management" may very well be the most critical skill an executive can develop - because, as Wall Street brutally teaches, any significant variance from expected results ultimate leads investors to question whether the executive team REALLY have a handle on the levers of the business and what makes it successful or not. If the team loses that confidence (in the market) then it takes a very long time to rebuild. Of course, investors will always be very understanding of "exogenous" factors like natural disasters and "force majeur" events which cause all assumptions to be reset - and grant time / forbearance for a company to assess and recover from such events. That, of course, is not what's happening here. So yes, I am very understanding of your situation, and certainly am patient with you as you go through your teething pains. Put another way, look at all the billion s of dollars Apple has / had to spend to move through the manufacturing challenges of the iPod, iPad and iPhone, You hardly have those kinds of dollars and resources to throw at your problems. I think at this point what will matter most is delivering a product that will exceed your customers' and MY expectations. In that regard, I have to advise you that why I bought your product was I wanted to convert my iPhone into an iBerry. I couldn't disagree with the Steve Job's more in his (apocryphal) comment to Mark Andreesen about the ease of use issues with typing on glass. Steve is alleged to have said to Mark, "you'll get used to it." Well Steve, (with all due respect to the departed) I haven't gotten used to it, and that part of your user experience (and that of the Galaxy I might add) is inferior. Tim Cook, deal with it! I am, I invested in Spike. So Robert, I will be comparing your product side by side with my old Blackberry, and I sincerely hope it rocks. If it doesn't, I may very well dump the iPhone + Spike and go to the Blackberry Q10. BTW, I have heard comments about Spike being "really small" which gives me pause... Bottom line is this. Take as much time as you need to get Spike right. Delight your customers, and don't mess up any more in the art of expectation management. impress me, and all those who are griping and all will be forgiven. I am an investor, not a speculator - which implies a long term commitment and a willingness to weather a few ups and downs... Word of mouth / reviews AFTER SHIPPING is what will make or break you. Stay the course and hang in there, Rob Are you sure that your not just being bilked by the overseas factory? I deal with Asian mnfg and sometimes they delay and each "prototype" and setup cost us for each try. I am backing another kickstarter that is using an American mfg company and while it is more expensive, they are getting their issues resolved almost instantly with great feedback and not having such bad quality problems. I get delays, but 6months is unacceptable in the business world. Hopefully some positive news for us? U P D A T E ?? Give us a production timeline. I will be alerting Kickstarter of the troubles we've had with this project. Also, expect an angry blog post. UPDATE?... update? From your last update of some two weeks ago I understood that you were expecting to receive review units soon. Have you received them yet, and if not, when do you expect them? Please email everyone that has requested a change in their Spike - thanks. Sent you an email - but decided to also leave a comment. Please change my order to a Spike iPhone 5... still hoping it comes out soon... its been almost a year guys. And from reading some of the other comments - its taxing your supporters patience to the limit. I would prefer a refund. This is not acceptable that we have to wait over 6 months for this product. In addition there is the possibility that Apple will revised the iPhone again before you ship out product for the iPhone 4. I am not interested in the iPhone 5 but I did expect to receive the case for the iPhone 4/s. Please issue a refund. SoloMatrix Board Meeting: "Maybe if we stay reaaaaaallllly quiet, they won't see us?" O_o Can I get a refund? This is insane that the case still hasn't shipped out yet. REFUND! you should give refunds to everyone! Approximate shipping August 2012? 6 months later, still nothing but excuses? Sorry a few months late I can understand, 6 months? Honestly, you really need to give everyone back their money, regardless of whether you have to or not. I want an iPhone 6 version. Better yet, just give me a loaf of bread and we'll call it even. please change my order to the iPhone 5 version as well. Please change my order to an iPhone 5 case. I'm glad I donated a $1 so I could just comment. It's been worth it for the entertainment factor. *grabs popcorn* Your not able to fulfill your obligations. I want a refund ....ANOTHER never-ending Kickstarter project Please change my cover to an iphone 5, and please respond that you have done so. Very Best Mark Mann <email> Could you at least have the courtesy of checking your kickstarter page and letting people know what's going on? I'm beginning to feel like your avoiding your backers. Refund? You can't get refunds on charitable donations. I'd love a refund. I don't even use the iPhone 4 anymore. This is ridiculous. I am over this and over Kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. I guess the surveys sent out back in August were a little premature. ..I am moving next month and I need to have the shipping address changed. Please let me know how I can do this. I wouldn't want my Spike to be delayed a second more than it needs to be. Thanks. Does anyone know how to go about getting a refund? I don't feel like waiting until next august for a product that I will never be able to use. You know this economy stinks when you can create a human baby faster than an iPhone case. -_- Looking to get a refund due to the 6 month delay... I had pitched this as an idea for something we could sell at our stores (I work for a cell phone company) and pitched it to the higher ups, when they said they couldn't take the risk on this projectiI thought god they're do near sighted and risk averse, now in hindsight I see they were right. I backed this when I had an iphone and thought the idea was great. I have backed many other projects some have turned out great others not so great *cough*cookoo watch*cough, but regardless delays are expected but usually it's like a max 3-4 months. We are almost at the 8 month mark, and still nothing it's like the cases have the gestation period of a baby lol, but mainly I'm just disappointed that I won't even get to use my case since I now have a GSIII III. Hi Guys, assuming your revised shipping estimate is correct, another 8-16 weeks for the iPhone 5 Spike puts delivery in the June/July timeframe - that's nearly 1 full year later than initially projected. While I expect and appreciate the cause of delays (which makes Kickstarter fun - being along for the ride) this project is troublesome based on your initial "pitch" that you were further along than actual, the lack/inconsistently of updates, and the time you've spent marketing/attending CES (huge time investment) and you've created a project that turns folks away from funding technology-based projects. Please continue to ensure we receive a product worthy of the wait. After supporting a dozen projects (at least 9 delivered after estimated delivery date) this is the only one i regret supporting ... count me as a very disappointed backer. Can I get my $1 back so I can buy 2 McDonalds Apple Pies? I am a backer originally i didn't know which spike version i would order, but I just bought the iPhone 5 and Now i would like to order the spike 3 for iPhone 5. Pearl white color, with my name engraved "Nasser Eldeeb" How do I do that? neldeeb <email> I just got my new iPhone 5 - can you please confirm my upgrade from a 4 to an iPhone5. Thank you. Another two weeks with totally no news or responses. I have iPhone 5 So what is current projected date for receiving The Spike? P.s. I am not asking for a refund, I still am willing to wait for the case. I strongly believe what you have designed is an incredible product and I still am interested in it, but I am strongly dissatisfied with the fact that you could have easily made the waiting process more bearable with constant updates but you did not. Dear Solomatrix, Could we have another quick update on the production status? As mentioned by many other backers, one of the main quibbles we have is that there is a severe lack of updates. The updates currently in the system are long and wordy, that's for sure, but most of them are months apart. Perhaps a quick update on any delays instead of summarizing a few months' worth of activity into a few paragraphs would actually work better at alleviating the backers' concerns with regards to the delays. Being more contactable on the platform you started out on can't be a bad thing, the way I see things; as opposed to the current way things are: backers are just left hanging, waiting for something which was promised five months ago, with no idea how things are currently going on your end. Honestly speaking, I do understand the reasons for the delays, going into the production stage from the planning stage is a lengthy process if the company plans to mass produce a high quality product. However, all the backers, who have trusted in your company with funds to kickstart the entire operation before actually receiving the product, need some reassurance that the project is going somewhere. Not just a summary every few months, but a constant flow of updates. Just a quick update on an issue with the production line or the status of the products received would suffice, in my opinion. Anything would be better than what we have now. I'm sorry for this lengthy passage, but I am really fed up of waiting for something which seemingly might never arrive. As a backer, I want to know how the production is going, what delays there are - the moment the fault is detected, not after the whole mess has blown over and I've been left wondering what is going on for a couple of weeks. Investing a couple of minutes to updating us is much better than saving those few minutes and creating a dissatisfaction in your backers. I was hoping to receive the case before I enlisted in the army - my enlistment date is 13 February. Now, even if I do receive the case I will not be able to use it as the army in my country does not allow the use of camera phones in camp. Even though this is a recent startup I could never have expected that the delays would be this long, and without the updates, I begin to wonder if any work is being done. Please, more updates. Sincerely, A disappointed backer. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Like others, I am dissapointed in the delays and would like to get a refund of my $99. While I understand delays, and the inherant nature of getting the first model out, the dynamic nature of the smart phone industry dictates that you should have been more prepared. By the time the 5 comes out, I will probably be buying a 6. Please process my refund for me, or let me know the process I need to go through to get it. This user's account has been deleted. Is there any chance of receiving a refund? I want to be optimistic but i pledge for the reseller pack, and I have customers waiting since September, now almost all of them are changing cellphone models. Hello, how can i change my order from 4s to Iphone 5 cases? I support razatmataz opinion and im in the same position. Now that iphone 4 has been so delayed, when i would recieve the iphone 5 cases? christmas 2013? Thanks. I'm a bit disappointed here. I agree with the comment about CES. It is important for you, but not really to the point of where you are at in actually producing the product. I'm surprised it's taken as long as it has given that I was originally under the impression that you were closer to being production-ready than has actually turned out to be the case. And I think that your updates should be more frequent. This becomes more important the longer there are delays. I'm starting to wonder if this product will actually materialize or not. This user's account has been deleted. I can totally understand production delays, that's the nature of the business. However, dealing with cellphones and ever-updating world of models, surely you must have some kind of sense of urgency to get these out quicker when it comes to the 4/4s? May is 5 months off... who's to say any of us are still using 4/4s phones or even have an iPhone model at all? An 8/9 month delay in the cellphone industry is an eternity. Overall I've had a great experience funding projects on Kickstarter. However, this particular project will probably stop me from pledging to more ambitious and time-sensitive projects in the future. You might want to think about offering refunds to those who wish to opt out at this point from a customer relations stand point. Because at this point, by the time the Spike gets released, it will have become the Daikatana of the cellphone world. I want to start out by saying thanks for allowing people to change from the 4 to the 5. I do however feel you guys mislead your backers by not only saying the product would ship in September because of all the hard work on the pre production models, also because of your great working relations with your manufactures.you sent a message in the beginning of december leading your backers to believe you were "ramping up for production" when really you were "still trying to make the product work". I hope you guys have learned a lot not only about setting real delivery dates, and I fully get that since kickstarter is set up for backers to be mislead to about delivery dates being there is not penalty for not reaching projected dates. Therefor if you would have originally put march most of your backers wouldnt have backed this product.at this point just give us more updates then once evey four weeks and be honest. So now it's march before they begin production? Since the iphone 5 version is an interminably long wait I would like to change mine back to the 4S. Actually though if you guys could please clarify when those will ship, that would be very helpful. Justin Simkavitz is right - for every other Kickstarter project I've funded, everything arrived surprisingly fast but this one is quickly becoming ridiculous. It has been six months since the funding goal was reached. I was so looking forward to this brilliant little invention that would make the iphone more than just an expensive paperweight but now it looks as if it was just a fanciful dream and I will have to stick with my obsolete (but beautiful QWERTY'd) Blackberry forever. Bummer. So on the 11th, they said that they will start shipping in 2-3 weeks. Well, it's been 2-3 weeks, so any day now right? Hi Guys, I understand the challenges and delays of launching a project on Kickstarter and generally expect the items to ship at least 90 days after the estimated ship date. No real concerns about the delays and glad I ordered the iPhone 5 Spike2 version. Two quibbles: (1) Lack of updates - check out other projects, especially those running late to deliver. A weekly update is fair to expect. (2) It's likely you have a number of folks pretty unhappy about the delays. While I want this project to be the beginning of a successful company, I haven't any interest in hearing about CES or any other public displays/demonstrations of the unproven product - It's just another cause for delay. 1,200 happy backers can do far more for you than CES. All else aside, keep working towards making a great product ! I like the belt clip idea very much - especially as we all have been waiting patiently so long So by your projection, shipping should begin between Feb 1st and 8th? So, I can't have my $1 back? The Spike case is a really cool product which is why I originally funded the idea back in August of 2012. The fact that I haven't received the product nearly six months later is the reason why I stopped funding KickStarter projects. All of the updates and pictures about manufacturing and delays are somewhat appreciated but at the end of the day, you must deliver the product in a reasonable amount of time. I hate to sound like a curmudgeon but these delays are pretty ridiculous and your funders deserve better. Respectfully and considerately - Funder. *insert facepalm* Can I have my $1 back? I hate to be a wet blanket but by the time the iPhone5 case is ready the iPhone 5s will be out and we'll never get our cases if we're chasing iPhones. asdf. I need this now. Update. Guys your images for your last update are missing :( Hope things are going well and that CES went well also. This user's account has been deleted. Hey Guys, With the iPhone 5 being that far away, I hope a holster/belt clip for it will be available by then also. Keep up the good work. Spike 3? uh-oh..... "When I tried typing a few sentences, certain keys didn't register and words were missing letters" Thx - awsome on CES CNet's hands on review from CES. <url>~ Thank you for the articulate answer. It was greatly appreciated. I am a $99 level supporter. Please change my iPhone 4 cover to an iPhone 5. Thanks. Both covers in black as well. Thank you I had pledged for an Aluminum Spike 3 with the inclusion of a Spike 1. Can I request that (JUST) the Spike 1 be changed for a iPhone 5?( while still keeping the green aluminum for my iPhone 4s? Additionally, how do the changes in your Project Update #7 impact the production schedule of the aluminum Spike 3? What would be the ETA? Just got the iPhone 5 and would like to change my spike 2 to iPhone 5 version. Thanks! Can't wait! Just ordered the Iphone 5 so I would like to change to the iphone 5 version. Hi there! Not sure if there's a better way to do this, but I'd like my order changed to iPhone 5 as well! Looking forward to it! Hello I ordered a spike 2 and would like it in the IPhone 5 version instead!! If you can, i would appreciate a change to iphone 5. my iphone 4 died today :-( Thx H Hi, leaving abroad, I still did not get any Paypal invoice regarding the shipping fees. When will you send them in order to get the Spike One as soon as it is ready? Regards Hey Guys! Do me a favor. Donate mine to someone. I was lucky enough to get an iPhone 5 and so my iPhone 4 Spike which you're going to be shipping will do me zero good. Thanks so much. Michael Murdock Last update was September 17th? I think it's pretty sucky that estimated delivery was August and now it's maybe October? Not feeling too cool about backing this project. Please can you change mine to an iPhone 5 one too? Thanks!! When do you think the spikes and spike 2's for the iphone 4/4s will be shipped out? And also im a 650 dollar backer and wanted to know if i could get 2 of my spike 2's, for the iphone 4s switched for a Black and a White Spike 2 for the iphone 5 ? Any news on spike 3 aluminum production? Hi guys, I sent in a message regarding my order - I too need a switch from the iphone 4 to iphone 5 case.. is that possible now? This user's account has been deleted. give me the spike one!!!! Not everyone switched to the 5!! :3 This user's account has been deleted. Sorry about that, it seems I changes I read about in the keyboard was an error, which they have since corrected. They and I confused the scalablity of the iOS 6 Keyboard between the iPhone 4/4S and iPhone 5. I posted before I updated my phone. Have you guys had a chance to test the Spikes with iOS 6? The onscreen keyboard was update. Hi guys! Since my iphone 4 will be long gone by the time the cases ship, would it be possible to get two iphone 5 cases instead of one for the 4 and one for the 5? Thanks! I've sent a private message because I want to switch to spike2 for iPhone5... Is it a problem!? I put an order in for SPIKE 2 and a Spike 1 would it be possible to get my Spike 2 switched to the iPhone 5 model? I upgraded as well! THANKS guys! GREAT work!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. can I pre-order an iPhone 5version now? This user's account has been deleted. As a pledge that includes a Spike1 and a Spike3 will we get the Spike1 when it is available or will they both ship with the Spike3? I'll admit, I'm an impatient one :) If these are being made in Malaysia, how come it costs so much to ship to countries near it, such as the Philippines? Are they sent to the US after and then sent back to Asia again? Hey my name is Michael Perez I'm super excited for your project any updates on when you to be shipping them out. I believe I sent you my address please do me a favor and check thank you so much. hurry up dooooods :3 Any shipping date? Will the keyboard part work with any phone? My iPhone broke and I'm not planning to get another. If I ordered a future proof spike2, can I assume that both aren't shipping in January, but the iPhone 4/4s will ship whenever the other spike2s do and the iPhone 5 will ship out next year? mG Hi, I have backed two sets of future proof2, and would like a Black set and white set each, but the survey only allows one color, can you guys take note of my choices? Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Do we have an estimated ship date? Delivery in early September, Late September what?!? Thanks! Hi there, got my survey yesterday and I a recall mentioning of being able to pick from other colors though, mine only had the three color options. ( I backed the Spike 3 if it matters) Hi guys thanks for all your hard work. Just a quick question, do you all have a rough estimate on the arrival of spike 2s by international shipping? Thank you Cody and Robert for keeping us informed, I sent my survey in for which colors i want. Now i just have to pay for the shipping to Canada when I get further instructions via email from you guys, im very excited to get these :D I have the same question as Edward Liao ... I ordered 2 but the survey does not allow me to enter for 2 cases. Hi! I ordered 2 of the FUTURE PROOF². The survey didn't give me a chance to order 2 different color cases. How can I order 2 different colored cases? Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. Got my survey, all done. Thanks gang! Can't wait to get it. Got the Survey for my shirt but it did not ask for my size or for color options. Help? Nope, nix on the survey here too. This user's account has been deleted. Hi just wondering if anyone got their surveys yet ? Would the Spike 3 aluminum cases be on a different schedule as the plastic ones because they are made in the USA? If so, what time frames are we looking at for delivery? Hello! If I ordered 2 spikes, because I live abroad do I need to pay for shipping twice? Thanks a lot! Hi im really looking forward to getting these cases, Thank you guys for creating such a great product. I also forgot to add the 20 for shipping to Canada. So as soon as i get the survey I will fix that, Thanks again guys :) Congrats. Also my first backed project. Not sure how I update for which color I'd like. Be nice to get white. Thanks Cody and Robert! Hey Guys!! Congrats on getting funded. I had no doubts whatsoever Hi guys, congratulation on Ur successful funding (had to happen). I was jus hoping to get the survey soon. Regarding the same I was wondering weather u guys would also add in the various case options that our plages are eligible for. You know jus in case I think of getting a different pledge for the same value. Anyways can't wait now. Cheers for creating a beautiful product and making it a reality. HI, i forgot to add the $20 for shipping, is there anyway to do that now? This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations guys.... This user's account has been deleted. Hi, how do I add the $20 for international shipping? I have been waiting for something like this for AGES! so excited! =) I'm so excited. Glad I won't have to charge this keyboard separately... Good luck Congratulations on reaching your goal and I wish you the best and thanks for fixing the problem that everyone hates about the iPhone. This user's account has been deleted. Question when I Picked my reward at the $99 level I was not directed to amazon nor did I receive an email confirming my pick. Is thi because it involves the IPhone 5 together with the IPhone 4s which I currently have? My shipping address is different from my billing address so what should I do about this problem? Will we get a survey in the future asking us about the shipping address and the color ? Just became a backer! Can't wait to get my Spike2 :) Hello! How about the punctuation keyboard? The layout is not the same as the normal english keyboard~~ Hey had pledged in as an early bird for the $40 reward. But now I'm starting to think thats not enough of Spike love that I need. It really is a very lovely product by the way, i'm glad to see that its actually going through. ;) Can I add more moolah to my current pledge and specify the reward option against which it has to go later/separately? Like if I add another $40, do I get 2 Spike2's? or if I add another $99, do I get a second Spike2 plus a Spike for the iphone5 in addition to my original pledge? That actually sounds confusing to read, hope I was clear enough =P. Do let me know...thanks and all the best either ways =) What about an AZERTY keyboard for us European backers? Hi guys, are there any plans to launch an iPhone 5 only pledge for Spike2? all the photos posted show the note app in action with the spike keyboard. A logical question is whether the keyboard will be functional with all type of apps, including obviously mail. Thanks guys! When will spike one be sent out? I saw Cody connect with me and I just tagged him in a posting with a couple of friends. And then I saw your numbers go up again so I guess that's a good thing. Let's keep pushing this to get even more in there before the 18 days run out. Can't wait to see the end product. Have you sent your condolences to RIM?? What a great way for father and son to do life together! I can't wait to be the first MOM on my block with one:) MJ Hey guys, send me a note somewhere, maybe on facebook. I want to connect you to an investor friend on there who is interested in perhaps helping you get this out overseas and into other countries while protecting your intellectual property and investments. Thanks. - Mike Hey guys congratulations on achieving your pledge. (I never had a doubt) Saying that I am still confused on how the keyboard will interact with the iphone if it is not bluetooth n all. I think it will touch the screen physically. If that is the case then are there any measures been taken for prevention of any kind of marks and other residue that may be left behind by the keys continuously punching the screen. And also please upload some specs for the spike3. Supporting the project out and out has been my aim since the time I have pledged and the above is what I have been continuously asked about from people I have told about the project. Congratulation again. CHEERS . Congrats on reaching your goal! But will it blend? Guys, glad to see you're on point with answering the questions that come up. Key to making this work is also to ensure that access to side switches/buttons does not affect their operation. Mophie had that problem with some of their cases. They made them so tight that people with larger fingers could not operate the volume up/down/mute items. Also making it so that the case is not overly bulky. Am sure you're on top of this, but just in case :) Will keep putting it out there to many for you. - Mike congrats on making the goal! excited to see this project get off the ground. i've been dying for a good hardware keyboard option for the iPhone ever since I switched from the Palm Pre.. nothing out there seemed to fit what I was looking for. Spike is the most innovative approach I've seen. One request, though : please please please be careful not to make the camera cutout in such a way that it effects picture taking :) I tried one keyboard case that was so deep that it make a dark vignette effect on my photos.. sucked. hey Cody and Robert. congrats on hitting your gole. i knew it was going to happen. the project is to good to pass up. i just pleged 100 for the spike 2 for the iphone 4 and 5. one suggestion. i am one that doesent like to take the iphone out of the case for any reason. i have a case on my phone right now that protects the phone but when i try to plug in a 1-8 intch cable in the phone the case get's in the way. it would be nice not to have to take the phone out of the case just to lissen to music. Congrats gentlemen!! I always thought idea was a good one and I'm happy that the hard work is paying off. Keep it up!! Can't wait to get my hands on the Spike3 ;) This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations on hitting the mark! My wife is a former Blackberry user who recently got an iPhone. She's going to love this. 75K Congratulations guys... Guys I am so happy for you achieving this!! I have been putting the word out daily on it. Will keep doing so. Love to see the numbers go higher!! Love to see you guys get funded before the weekend. Personally I believe a weekend should be enjoyed so let's keep working to see this through I ordered a Spike3. How will I know if I have a green or grey? Will the keys have a positive tactile feedback? will the keys have a positive tactile feedback? I'm sorry if this has been asked. On the Spike 2, does the keyboard sit flush with the case when flipped to the back so there is no 'bump out' from the keyboard? Hi Cody and Robert, great product, can't wait to get my. I have just pledge for 2 set of Future Proof2 pack to be sent to Taiwan, and I pledged US$99*2+25 = 223. hope that's right, please let me know if I have messed up some where. thanks. I hope the keyboard is as good as it is on the Blackberry Bold 9000. I currently use both Blackberry and iPhone 4 with a bluetooth keyboard. I can't wait to combine the experience of using both with this keyboard case! you guys are awesome! :) hello from the Philippines! ;) Another question; on the spike3, it mentions "antenna neutral". What is that referring to, and how important is it? Is it something that comes into play with the other cases, or only the 3 due to material? Just backed the Spike 3. Would love to see a belt clip like the one Life-proof uses (its what I have now). Will the belt clips be included with the case? Also having a Yellow Spike 3 color would be AWESOME!!! This user's account has been deleted. Hi thanks for the progress update am excited also. I do like your original font better than the updated font, seems to be easier to read and see. For us older folks in the crowd, it's important to keep it simple and easy to see. Thanks, Ken Good to hear about the progress. Really looking forward to getting my hands on this. I would really like to see some videos showing off the functional differences in the spike1, spike2 and the spike3. Hope you get some of that updated. Loved the concept and waiting for my spike3 and spike1 combo. Cheers ! ! ! Ordered an aluminum case. Very much looking forward to it! Great to hear :) anxiously awaiting my case, then, haha! "Until we come to a decision, we are accepting requests for the iPhone 5 versions. To pre-order the iPhone 5 version of Spike 1 or 2 you can back the $25 or $50 levels and send us a private message with your request. We will then make a note on your accounts and you will receive the iP5 version as soon as they are available, estimated in Jan 2013." Awesome glad that's in the discussions. Will definitely keep that in mind. As long as the note on the pledge is seen, that sounds like a great option. Will there be an EARLY BIRD $20/$40 offer for the iPhone 5 Pre-Order for the respective Spike 1 & 2? I think if there is a direct pledge available for the iPhone 5 models, it would be an easy way to market your product. Getting hype on an iPhone 5 accessory nearly 7 months in advance of a product release, pretty much unheard of. Would definitely gain some attention and spread the word. Awesome idea, glad to see ideas in the works for the future. I just wanted to find out, how durable/protective is this case, and what sort of feel does it have to it? I'm a bit of a butterfingers (and klutz in general), so I'm hoping it'll protect and be made slip resistant (either textured or a coating on back sort of deal). Other than that, I'm psyched! How does the keyboard charge and sync to the iPhone 4S? Awesome idea, but when can we get some for Android devices? I wouldn't mind a cheaper-feeling 3d printed version for my device of choice... I'd even pay a lot more to get keyboard functionality on a non-keyboard device!!! How can I order 2 of the future proof pack? Just add another 300$? What about the possibility of a belt clip or a holster? Would love to get 2 Spike 2's in black. How do I note this on my pledge? I agree with Sandeep. An iPhone5 only option would be great. Also, what about a belt clip? I hate having my iPhone in my pocket. @sandeep I like what this guys thinkin!! Great idea! Like the Spike2 concept. I'd probably upgrade my phone in Oct/Nov though (as well as many others too). Since we don't get the Spike until Sept I'm sure that's preventing this from really blowing up to the next level, which it deserves to go to. Just a suggestion, not sure if its feasible/allowed, but you may exceed your pledge target even faster if you offer the Spike2 for the iPhone 5 as a standalone pre-order without any ties to the iPhone 4/4S version. thanks for the quick reply. can't wait for the case. best of luck to you guys in the final month! 30k to go. New to kickstarter, when do we make color choice? Fantastic idea BTW! Looking forward to my spike2! For the spike2, what material is on the back of the keyboard that will be exposed when the keyboard is hidden? Will it be the same as the back of the case? i just pledged for the early bird spike2, but now my gf wants one too, but in white. is there a way to pledge twice or do i just change my pledge amount? ($40+$50 for ice white) thanks!! I Just wanted to say: I can't wait! It would be neat to have something similar, but with a d-pad on the left, and four buttons on the right, instead of a full qwerty keyboard. That way, the iPhone could be turned into a device that looks a bit like a Game Boy, with hardware buttons at the bottom and a screen at the top. Obviously, games would have to support this, so that the virtual buttons are positioned below the real buttons. Great initiatve. Would consider for future releases to add the phone buttons. Only reason I have both bb next to my iphone is keyboard. In practice use mostly bb for phine and email. i want to pre-order 3 spike2's at early bird prices, so i pledged $120 ($40x3). is it safe to assume that i did the right move? Does Spike cover up and/or change the charging port on the phone? Can I still put the phone into a standard charging dock without having to remove Spike? For reference, I backed the Spike-2 version and I don't mind having to remove it during charging if that is what is necessary. I'm eagerly awaiting my Elevation Dock (another KS project) and hoping that Spike gets along well with it. -Thanks! I see that there is a red Spike 2 case. I am really interested in getting a red Spike 2, and I have pre-ordered the Spike 2 already. Is it possible to get mine in red? One main reason I ask is because my iPhone is custom, it isn't white or black. It's red, not a case or skin, its actually red. I would like to have a red case. Thank you and I really look forward to getting it! I'm so surprised it hasn't picked up with a lot of backers. They're coming in slow but steady from what I can see. I'm happy to have backed this project, it's the only one I've backed, ever. So when the iPhone 5 comes out we will be able to preorder another case from you guys? Or do we have to change out pledge Super excited about this! I currently use a bluetooth keyboard, but the lack of spell check and auto correction, and the battery drain from using bluetooth is irritating, not to mention having to charge the keyboard case. And its big and bulky. I can't wait to try out the Spike 2! Hank Schiffers (@leanhealth) 06.07.12 21:18 Never twittert a #kickstarter project before. This one is worth it. kickstarter.com/projects/matri… . #Blackberry meets #iphone. This user's account has been deleted. my current iphone case holds my ID in the back the case mate. would be awesome to have that too! it's about time.... Good luck guys...