facebook.com/escargotny -- Update Video, Spixi Mockup #2 with iPhone 5 by Supplier, 10/29/12 10/29/12 Update: Spixi <3 iPad Mini, iPad 4 too! Our Supplier has confirmed they can make this possible. Apple's new iPad 4 and iPad Mini are charged with a new 12W power adapter- 5V, 2.4A. Previous iPads were charged with a 10W power adapter- 5V, 2A (discontinued by Apple as of last week). Using slightly bigger conductors in our cables will ensure your new iPads will get the juice it needs for charging at higher currents. -- To our Japanese Gigazine Readers- 私たちのキックスターターへようこそ！ -- On October 8, We surpassed our goal of $30,000 with 900 Backers! Watch the thank you video in the updates section. Now, Our Stretch Goal is $50,000- You guys spoke, We listened! "Spixi Power Cord Untangles Your Life" (Mashable) "Looking for a third-party retractable Lightning-to-USB cable? The Spixi...may be for you." (CNET) "...its convenient size and clean design make the product appealing." (25 Awesome Kickstarter Design Campaigns, Complex) "Let’s face it. Your phone’s power source sucks, it’s messy, unsexy and not-very-practical-at-all... Escargot’s got a solid solution." (ALLEY NYC) "Retractable, and a Jam Free cable? I'm so backing this project... And we can't wait to carry the Spixi on our website." (BiteMyApple) "Spixi's here to make this stress-inducing but fundamental accessory a lot more manageable...it's almost as if Spixi was specifically designed to ease the OCD in each of us. Oh yeah - it was." (GearHungry) -- Introducing Spixi™ Spixi is a new kind cable for smartphones. It is slim and sleek- unlike any cable you've seen before. Spixi features a unique, retracting 2-foot cable made from an eco-friendly thermoplastic elastomer (TPE) that is stronger and more durable than polyvinyl chloride, the commonly used material for cables. Because of TPE's superior characteristics, we can design a thinner cable without sacrificing quality and performance. Yes, we've heard about iPhone 5 Spixi comes in 3 different connector flavors: iPhone 5 -- 8-pin lightning connector WITH AUTHENTICATION CHIP iPhone 4/4S (and previous versions) Micro-USB (Android, Blackberry, Windows) The world's FIRST jam-free retractable USB cable for smartphones A high level of design and quality- is unheard of, in the retractable USB cable world. It's our pleasure to change that. How big is it really? Let's take a look. Product features A connector like you've never seen before The connector is sideways. This helps minimize the size of the design. Because the connector is oriented on its side, the chance for damaging the connector is greatly reduced. USB flips up, up, and away The USB connector folds away. This allows Spixi to maintain it's streamline design so it won't get caught with other items while you're taking it out of your bag. Stays in shape to impress you Spixi is slim. So slim that it will not interfere with the other USB ports on your laptop, so you- the user will never have to compromise. It's just slightly wider than your typical USB flash drive. Made for on-the-go The case is made of polycarbonate, similar to the macbook chargers. This gives protection to the cable when it is stowed and on-the-go. It will give users peace of mind, knowing that their cable is housed around solid construction. Let's talk AND charge Don't sacrifice freedom for portability. The popular emergency and short cables are great for certain situations, however, they put your phone in a paralytic state. Spixi's 2-foot cable is long enough to take calls or open apps comfortably, all while charging and syncing through your laptop. And here's how you can help We need to raise $30,000- to make Spixi come to life. The funds raised will be used to cover the tooling costs of the production molds. A rigorous effort has been made to choose the right supplier for this product. And we're proud to say, that we've found a good match. We've been in communication with Spixi's supplier for the past 6 months, and can confirm that the our high level of quality can be met. They make product for some of the biggest names in technology, so we are confident. The supplier is located in China and we have a planned visit in the coming weeks- very exciting! If funding is successful by November 1, we plan to ship in February 2013. Why does it take so long to make? We are all about transparency, so here is the breakdown: it takes 2 months to make the tooling, about 1 month to produce the units and address production quality, and an additional month for the products to arrive to our shores. So if tooling starts in November, we're looking at February to delivery Spixi to our awesome supporters! Design evolution We've come very far. From concept sketches to 3D computer renderings to functional and visual prototypes. Now we need the last push to bring Spixi to life, so we can put this really cool product in your hands. Spixi specs Dimensions: 2" x 2.25" x 0.75" (50.8mm x 57.2mm x 19.1mm) Cable Length: 2' (0.61m) Weight: 40g (White/Black Edition) USB 2.0 iPhone 5 Connector: 8-pin iPhone 4/4S Connector: 30-pin Android, Blackberry, Windows Connector: Micro-USB White/Black Edition Materials: Polycarbonate, TPE Limited/Angel Edition Materials: Anodized Aluminum, Polycarbonate, TPE We are really proud of our product, and that's why we have a patent pending. About the creator Spixi is created by Paul Yun, an engineer by trade and a designer at heart with five years of industry experience in getting products made with nothing but a napkin sketch. Paul has brought products to life for several Fortune 500 companies. Now it's his turn. Thank you for taking the time to hear our story. Let's get Spixi! *90% of the video was made on iPhone. No snails were injured in the making. Hello Awesome Backers! We are finally shipping the Spixi iPhone 4 and Spixi MicroUSB. They arrived today to our fulfillment center, Fulfillrite , and are shipping today and tomorrow to our AWESOME BACKERS worldwide. US Backers should receive their Spixi in 3-5 days, and international backers should receive their Spixi in about 2 weeks. Spixi iPhone 5 - We are still pending Apple's approval, and we expect to get Apple's approval mid-August. We will have more details in our next update. Thank you all for your love and support!! Paul Yun Escargot New York Hello Awesome Backers! Great news - Our first batch of iPhone 4 and Android Spixi's is finally complete, and ships from China today. Next Monday, the batch should arrive to our fulfillment center in New Jersey where our fulfillment partners, Fulfillrite, will ship Spixi worldwide to each and every one of our backers, who ordered either iPhone 4 and Android models. So early next week, they start shipping to backers. We are trying to expedite our iPhone 5 Spixi ship date , by making the case to Apple that our product is not very different than other retractable products that have been Apple-certified, mechanically-speaking, and by also using our supplier's patent on the retractable cable mechanism. Planned shipping date for iPhone 5 Spixi is late Summer still, due to Apple certification. If you moved recently , and have ordered an iPhone 4 Spixi or Android (MicroUSB) Spixi, please send us a message with your order number and new shipping address, this week before we ship out your package! Thank you all for sticking it with us, and being patient, and supporting us. It is what has fueled us to get us this far, and it is what will get us through, all the way. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact me. Thank you for being you and for being amazing! Paul Yun Check out the latest photos of our Spixi Project! -The Escargot Team TO OUR BACKERS: THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! So it's February, and things are going well. Here's the latest scoop on Spixi: -- We are on schedule with production, still. And we intend to keep it that way. Paul has been on phone conversations with the supplier, their R&amp;D team, and the factory manager- everyday for the last 2 weeks. And they've been getting quite cozy. Persistence has really driven a nail in their minds-- that there is a certain urgency with this project, and that this project is truly worthy of high-priority. By constant communication we are able to keep to schedule and delivery as quickly as possible, for our awesome backers. -- We have photos of the latest and greatest. It looks and feels solid- Very good. The sample doesn't show the updated strain relief because our supplier would have had to created a temporary mold, which would take some time and add more time to the schedule. So what we have instead is a 3D file of the updated strain relief. Because the strain relief is perpendicular to the face of the connector, naturally, it sits flush when retracted against Spixi's body-- which is good, and now we don't need to have a magnet to do that, reducing our costs. See photos below! -- Lastly, we would like to reach out to our Kickstarter network. As we are preparing for the launch of Spixi, we have a million and one things that go on in a given day. We would like to ask you, our backer, or your amazingly brilliant friends, if you would like to get involved with our project. From marketing to public relations, retailers to distributors, social media buffs to techies, graphic designers to film students. There are a lot of interesting things going on, and who better to ask than our most supportive and favorite group of people. Please send us a message if interested, and thank you in advance. -- We know we say thank you a lot, but it's the truth and we mean it- Thank you. You guys are truly awesome! The Escargot Team Awesome backers! It's been 2 weeks since we were successfully funded. Here are our latest updates: Last week, our supplier attended the Apple MFi conference in Shenzhen, China. They tell me that it was a very informative event. Apple is in process of approving them for the Lightning connector (all suppliers needed to re-apply for Apple MFi-certification in order to produce Lightning-compatible accessories), and they are confident they will get approved. Next week, all kickstarter funds should be released to us, and then we should start seeing a lot of action. Next step in the product development cycle is called "Open Tooling." This is when the molds start to get made. We are totally excited for this step! Our order site is almost up &amp; ready Thank you for being patient! For backers, the order site will allow you to go in and choose your products choices and enter in your shipping address. For new backers, it will allow you to 'reserve' your Spixi. We will send out a notification when it goes live. Exclusive Q&amp;A with our Supplier Paul Yun, founder of Escargot interviewed Senior Supplier Representative, Gus, in China to share with the backers, a little more about the Supplier, their thoughts on Spixi, and the crowd-funding platform, Kickstarter. Read the interview below. P: Why do you want to work with Escargot? G: Escargot is different. It is a young, hard-working company, with this Kickstarter approach. We can tell Escargot did months of market research and thorough product development, and they were successfully funded with over 1,000 backers. That’s why we want to work with Escargot. P: How long have you been manufacturing cables? G: Our company has been making cables for about 35 years. P: Quite a long time. Would you say you are experts in the industry? G: We won’t say we are the top expert, but we are among the best in the industry. We manufacture for many well-known electronics brands around the world. P: What do you think about Spixi? G: We like the design very much. The logo and the concept design- we like it a lot. It’s not like the traditional retractable cables we’ve made- it looks much simpler and it's more attractive. We think it’s more stream lined and will be less likely to get tangled with other items in your bag. P: Do you feel confident that you can meet Escargot’s quality standards? G: This looks like an Apple product, and it is not an issue for us to make a product to Apple’s standards. We put the highest level of quality in our cable products to ensure it will meet industry standards, so it functions as it is supposed to. We make sure the industry standards are met. P: Do you have any advice for Escargot? G: Keep going. Create. Innovate. That’s the only way to be successful. Escargot has some good ideas, and they can be successful, depending on how you react to the feedback from your users and the market. P: What do you think about Kickstarter? G: It’s amazing. We did not know about it- until you introduced it to us. We think it’s a great platform to open up communication between end-users and product makers. We wish there was something like this for Asia. P: Any words to Kickstarter backers? G: As Escargot’s supplier, we want to thank the Kickstarter backers for making the project come to life. We hope you continue contributing feedback to help make the product better. P: Thank you for your time. We look forward to working together, and to continue making new, innovative products together with the support of our Kickstarter backers. G: Thank you. - End of Interview - Thank you again backers for the amazing support. Sincerely, The Escargot Team Thank You, Thank You, THANK YOU. You guys made it happen. 1,394 Backers, $48,778 Raised Though we did not reach our stretch goal, we are going to come up with a plan to try and accommodate for our backers who want Spixi for iPhone in Black. We'll announce it soon. Shipping Information and Product Choice will be requested soon as well, we will contact you regarding the necessary information. We ask you to be patient while we prepare an easy system for you to use. We beat the odds 63% of 'Design Projects' on Kickstarter are unsuccessful. We slipped through, and managed to do fairly well. We joined the 2,662 other successful projects to raise beyond $20,000, putting our project in the top 8% of Most Funded Projects in Kickstarter history. *Figures from <url>"head-count" on how many of each version of Spixi we need so far. All backers should be receiving an email about the survey shortly. This will help us get an idea of how many quantities we will need when placing the order with our supplier. $44k with 1,277 AMAZING backers, 9 days left Really, you're amazing. We could not have made it this far without you! Thank you. And we are only $6k away from reaching our stretch goal. Together we can achieve this! Paul is still in China, working arduously to get Spixi to production, so you- our AWESOME BACKER can get it in your hands as soon as possible. Expect another manufacturing sample this time, next week. Forever Grateful, The Escargot Team We got the first mock-up from our Supplier! Check out the video to see it in action. Thanks to all 1,216 backers- we surpassed $40,000 yesterday!! See more at facebook.com/escargotny Paul &amp; Escargot Today, I met with my great supplier guys - Gus and Sean (we all know that's not their given names), they are two of the most generous and hardest working guys in manufacturing game I have ever met in the last 5 years. They assure me by the end of the month they will have a working production sample of Spixi for iPhone 4/4s, Android, AND iPhone 5! But I'm not letting them off the hook that easy - with just a verbal promise. To ensure they keep their word, I have demanded them for a day-to-day deliverable schedule to track their progress. I will confirm with them at the end of each business day, that they keep to the schedule, this way we know they will deliver to us by the end-of-month. The other thing I am doing, is discussing possible obstacles they may encounter, and how we should overcome them, so we can minimize loss of time and increase efficiency. Besides development, we are in talks for colors, MOQs, and packaging. I am glad to be in Asia, though the trip was slightly delayed due to the Chinese Visa process, it is much more effective to do business face-to-face when in Asia. There is a huge electronics fair in Hong Kong (2 of them, in fact), where I am currently. Later this week, we will get to see the facilities and the rest of the supplier team in China, where Spixi will be born! Thanks to all of our great supporters, and welcome to all of our new supporters! We have 1,111 amazing backers and counting! And yesterday, we got featured by the hip Japanese site Gigazine - Spixi is going global! Get the latest updates on facebook.com/escargotny . Sincerely, Paul &amp; Escargot THANK YOU from the bottom of Spixi's heart to all our Super Backers! Our stretch goal is a black version of Spixi for iPhone 4/4S/5, if we can raise an additional $20,000, bringing the total to $50,000. You guys ROCK! -Paul &amp; Escargot We are getting closer!! After 5 days, we are nearly 50% of the way. If we continue at this rate, we will hit our funding goal in no time. A BIG thank you to our AMAZING 390 backers, we couldn't have come this far without you. Before we went live, we reached out to Engadget, Gizmodo, and The Verge to cover our Kickstarter-- And still no word. We want to ask YOU, our amazing backer, to help us by reaching out to them and telling them why they need to cover SPIXI. This will help our Kickstarter get more exposure, and hopefully allow us to hit our goal faster. What this also means is getting in to production faster, and exploring our stretch goals sooner. Engadget.com (click on little red "tip us" button) Email: <email> <url>"tip". We'd like to share a few of our backer's encouraging words! -- Spixi Development We are continuing to make progress with our supplier. We had a very productive and long meeting today, discussing the tooling schedule. Roughly, 90% of their capacity is reserved for "Big" players, and with what they consider to be "low" quantities, they assured us they would accommodate a position in their schedule to meet our February delivery date. The reason why they are willing to do this, is to build a long-term relationship with us, and they also believe that Spixi will be successful (It's VERY, VERY GOOD when your supplier likes your product and enjoys making it!) Because of this, we may be able to negotiate a "sweet spot" for quantities to bypass the required MOQs for Black Spixis for iPhone as a stretch goal, as many people have requested. -- An interview with the Founder Alley NYC did an interview with Paul Yun today. Click here to pick his brain. -- If you haven't done so already, like us on Facebook.com/escargotny and help us spread the word! Thank you again for all of your support! We are half-way there because of you!! Best- The Escargot Team Dear Spixi backers, It has been 3 CRAZY days since we went live, and we've are already reached a fifth of our goal with 200 plus hundred backers! On September 21, to promote our kickstarter, we went to the lines at the Apple stores in New York City. We gave out thousands of free iPhone 5 screen protectors in our beautiful Escargot packaging. Venture Beat and Wall Street Journal featured us- "This startup recently launched its Spixi project on Kickstarter. It offers a “jam-free retractable cable for smartphones.” Escargot employees handed out free iPhone screen protectors at all five Apple Store locations in Manhattan." ( Venture Beat ) "Startup retractable phone-charger maker Escargot was handing out screen covers for the iPhone 5 that included product materials at the Midtown Verizon store." ( Wall Street Journal ) We got Hazem Sayed, the first person in line at the 5th Ave store (he waited 8 days!) to push the publish button for our kickstarter! It was truly a magical moment (a moment we will share with the world if successfully funded). We believe the event was a success- we made a lot of people happy, and we got the word out about our kickstarter project to 3,000 New Yorkers early that morning. In other news, we received word from the patent office, so we are now official "patent-pending." We applied for our patent on Spixi the day before we went live. ---WE STILL HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO and we can use ALL the help we can get. Please spread the word to your facebook friends, tweet us, instagram/pinterest us, or good old fashion word of mouth- It all helps. The faster we hit our funding amount the faster we can enter production!!! Facebook.com/escargotny Twitter: @escargotny Pinterest.com/escargotny Instagram: escargotny A HUGE THANK YOU to our 230 Spixi Backers!! We will continue working hard to deliver an awesome product for you! Let's get Spixi! -Paul &amp; The Escargot Team @Joe There is a 1-year warranty on Spixi. If it's possible, we'd really appreciate some photos, you can send them to <email>. This will help us address quality with our supplier and make improvements. Also, it's possible you received a defect, in which case, we'll ship out a new unit free of charge. Thanks, Paul @Eevee Send us a photo at <email>, we'll see if we can help you out, otherwise we'll send you out a new one. @Oris @Tom Thank You! @Mike We'll ship the iPhone 5 Spixi's in a separate shipment, when the units are ready. If you ordered Android (MicroUSB) or iPhone 4 Spixis AND iPhone 5 Spixis (or Limited Edition Spixis) -- The Android/iPhone 4 Spixi will arrive first, and the iPhone 5 Spixi (or Limited Edition Spixis) will arrive in a later shipment. Hope you enjoy your Spixi! Escargot Team @Carlos Glad to hear you got Spixi today!! @Guitarplayerbp Thanks for your comment! Please give us your feedback upon your review :) @Leonard The iPhone 4 and Android (MicroUSB) Spixi's have shipped worldwide 3 days ago. It should be arriving in 1-2 weeks. Thanks for your support!!! @Markus We've sent you an email with your shipping address. Please confirm. Thanks! @Dan @Li Wang We are waiting to receive approval from Apple for iPhone 5 Spixi Product Forecast and Product Certification. We'll have more details in our next update. @Kent We're still working on the Limited Edition Spixi's. They'll be shipping out alongside the iPhone 5 Spixi's. @Shannon Saw your comment in the updates post, and wanted to address it here to keep the communication flowing. What is really important for us, is doing it properly within a respectful frame of time. Ouya is a much more complex product than Spixi, so they had a lot more challenges facing them. I refuse to ship crap product, and we've been making sure of that with several iterations in a short period, even with a simple product as Spixi. I really care about good design and good quality, and above all, I want to make something that I will want use. I know the backers care about good design and good quality as well. And when you receive Spixi, I think you'll really love using it. Thanks for your support! Paul Yun @David Thanks for sharing that link! Great for some, if true. But on a moment's notice, Apple can change this. Will keep an eye out for this on the official iOS7 release. Paul @Joe Our first batch is shipping from China today, which includes iPhone 4 and MicroUSB models (this info is in the update post today). It looks like you ordered the MicroUSB model, so you should be receiving yours in the first week of July. In response to your comment about the project- I understand why you say that, and I'm sorry that you feel this way. Yes, it took a lot longer than what I wanted, but for me, because at end of the day it's exactly what I've been wanting, I'm not disappointed. When you get yours 2 weeks from now, I don't think you will be disappointed either. Kind regards, Paul Yun @Bernard @Steven Just posted an update today. Thanks, Paul @Sonia @Joe @David @Tomoya @Daryl Thanks for your comment and feedback. We are experiencing a set back in our schedule- the shipping has been postponed due to a quality-related issue during production assembly. To troubleshoot and fix this issue, it will take an estimated 1-2 weeks. I am personally 'fighting' the supplier to commit to their word on delivery time, and I am committed to you and all the backers to deliver the product in a time-sensitive manner. I understand this is a lot later than what we originally estimated. We hope that you are excited about Spixi, still, as we are, and we hope you continue to encourage/support us during this period of our journey. Paul Yun @Joe We just sent you a message to confirm the change. Thanks, The Escargot Team @Sonia Thanks for your comment. Delivery outside of US should take about 1-2 weeks after it is shipped. We will start shipping in the last week of May-first week of June. Thanks for your support :) The Escargot Team @David Thanks for responding to Joe's comment. We have sent you a message, let us know if you have any questions! Best, Paul Yun @Joe We apologize that we missed our estimated delivery date. We forecasted our schedule as best as we could based on knowledge we had and agreements that were made. But there were some factors that arose after the campaign ended, that were not in our control. We know we missed the estimated delivery date, and we feel terrible about it. Our goal is to get the best product in your hands as quickly as possible- always has been, and still is. If you want to change your order- from the iPhone 5 model to the MicroUSB model, send us a message. We can accomodate the change for you. We are on track to do our first batch shipment of MicroUSB and iPhone 4 Spixis to Kickstarter Backers at the end of this month. We are thankful that you are a backer, and we want to make you happy by giving you an awesome product. If you have any questions, let us know please. Paul Yun @David Thanks for answering Parisri's question. And we can help you make the change for your order. You'll get a message about it shortly. Thanks, Paul Yun @David Yes, I saw your message and just replied. We'll put up a comparison shot between the black and white. Thanks for your support!! Paul Yun @David Yes, you can change to white. Just send us a message, we'll help you with the color change. Thanks for your support in our project! The Escargot Team @Li Thanks for your comment. We apologize for the inconvenience with the change in finish options. You can do as @David suggests, and change to white. Please let us know, if that is what you would like to do and we can get on it for you. Thank you for your support in our project! The Escargot Team @Steven Thank you for the comment, and thank you for being understanding. We are working hard to get an awesome product in your hands. Regarding the color change, we can definitely help you with that. Please send us a message, and we'll get on it. Thanks again for your encouragement and support! Paul & The Escargot Team @Lecomte Thanks for your question. Please send us a message with your new shipping address, and we'll take care of you. Thanks for supporting Spixi! The Escargot Team @Rich Thanks for the comment. Yes we can make the change. Please send us a message and we'll help you process it. Thanks for supporting Spixi! The Escargot Team @Solomon Thank you for the comment. We are shooting to get Spixi in your hands by the end of the month. An update will be posted tomorrow with more details. Thank you for being an awesome backer! The Escargot Team @Baback Thanks for your question. The Apple MicroUSB-to-Lightning adapter is compatible with the MicroUSB Spixi, charging and syncing is flawless. We tested this and posted up photos in the late December update post. And it will stay attached to the side of the unit, like it does with all versions of Spixi. Thanks for your support! The Escargot Team @Aaron Thanks for your comment. We will post up an update today. We were waiting for some new photos from the factory and we received it this morning. It will be served shortly, hot & fresh :) Thanks for your support! The Escargot Team @David Sorry to hear that- usually that is the case with knock-offs. You won't have to worry about quality or performance with Spixi! Thanks for your support David! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. Good point, I know exactly what you are talking about. My stock apple cable is barely long enough to reach my bed from the surge protector sitting on the floor. We'll keep this in mind when working on our next iteration. Thanks for your support in Spixi! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. 3 metres is roughly 10 feet. Making a 10-foot retractable cable is easy. Making it not look bulky would be a challenge. One we would gladly take up, when the time comes! Thanks for your great, great support! Paul Yun @Kristin Thanks for your comment. A 5-foot (1.5m) cable might be good- we'll keep that in mind for a future iteration. The 2-foot cable may be short but its ideal use-scenario is when connected between laptop and phone. And then packing up to go, it retracts into a small, slim form-factor so it easily slips into your bag. It sounds like you are excited to get Spixi, and we are elated to hear that. Thanks for the kind words and your support! Paul Yun @Ivan, Sorry- we put out the update today, instead of yesterday. Check out the Updates tab for the latest. Best, Paul Yun @Bob Thank you for your question. We do want to make a longer version and it has been requested by a few, so there is a possibility. I have a 10ft cable that I use occasionally, when I want to walk, talk, and charge simultaneously in my house, but I hate 'dragging' the extra length of cable along the floor. It would be cool not to have it drag, and also for stowing away or for travel. What length would you want? 10ft? 5ft? Thanks for your support in Spixi, Paul Yun @Ivan Thanks for your comment! We are planning to put out a formal update this Friday. We are finalizing the details of the packaging for Spixi. Very exciting stuff. We'll explain the details in the update post. Thank you for your support! The Escargot Team @Hagi Thank you for your pledge! We are grateful to have you as a backer. We are very excited to get Spixi made for you! Thanks for your support! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for helping out with the comments! You Rock! The Escargot Team @James Thanks for your comment. As @David mentioned, we are experiencing a delay in production, which we made an announcement about a few weeks ago. The estimated ship date is April 2013 for Android/iPhone 4 Spixi, and June 2013 for the iPhone 5 Spixi. The website, has been updated to reflect more accurate ship dates. Apologies on any confusion. Thank you for your support. The Escargot Team @Li Thanks for you question. Our last update was posted 5 days ago. We don't have any new updates since then. Do you have any particular questions in mind? We'll do our best to answer them. Thanks for your support! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. We will post photos after we get the revised version of the final engineering samples. Should be in about a weeks time, which I mentioned in the latest update post. Thanks for your continued support! Paul Yun @M Carlin As David mentioned, Spixi will work with iPad- both iPad 4 and iPad Mini (and older iPads). Thanks for the question and your support! And thanks to @David for answering the question! If you have further questions let us know, Thanks, Paul Yun @David Yes, we were at CES last week- that's where we met with our supplier and other kickstarter folks. We were not exhibiting this year, but possibly next year we will. Thanks for the question! Paul Yun @Aaron, Thank you for your question. We have met with our supplier today in Vegas to discuss the final engineering samples. There were a few minor tweaks made primarily to improve the long-term reliability of the product. Minor tweaks include improved strain relief which reinforces the strength between cable and connector, tighter tolerances of internal assembly which helps achieve consistent mechanical performance over long-term use, and decreased surface area of the connector head tip which means it will accommodate for most phones with bulky cases, so users don't have to take off their case when plugging in (which we think is plain silly!). The tweaks are minor, and will ensure a even higher quality of product for our Kickstarter backers. We are doing our best to make a product you will love. And we thank you for supporting our project and giving us the opportunity to make this dream a reality! Thank you, Paul Yun @Joe Thank you for your comment and backing the project. You are right, China does not completely shut down. However, there are other culprits for the delay, which we mentioned in the last update. The circumstance is highly undesirable for us, and we understand your perturbation. We are working as best as we can to deliver a quality product, as quickly as possible. And while we would like to perform a gesture as you suggested, we could not support it, financially. We are glad you are still excited, as we are too! Thank you for understanding and your continued support! Paul Yun @David The tooling process started this week. And we are waiting to get a few more updates from the supplier before we make the announcement in a new Update post. Thanks for keeping tabs on us! The Escargot Team PS. Definitely 'like' your new profile photo! @Mo Glad to be of service! The Escargot Team @Mark As of now estimated shipping is still Feb 2013. We will let you and the other backers know if anything changes. Glad to hear you are getting excited! The Escargot Team @XD, @Matt Luong, @Mo, Please make sure you are using the link from the 'Updates page'. You must use that link for free shipping. If you have further questions please message us! Thanks, The Escargot Team @Lester, Thanks for the kind words. It's very nice to hear that from a Veteren Kickstarter Backer as yourself! The Escargot Team @Yukihisa As @David mentioned, there is currently no support for USB 3.0 since there are no mobile devices that support it. Once Samsung starts putting USB 3.0 ports on their phones and tablets, you'll see a USB 3.0 Spixi! :) Thanks, The Escargot Team Thaddeus, There is a black iPhone 5 model. After you choose the model you want, click the drop down midway through the page on the right, you will have a choice of glossy white and matte black. Please let us know if you have further issues. Thanks! The Escargot Team Sahil, That sounds like a good idea. We'll put up some photos in a couple days. We should be putting up the pre-orders site tomorrow! We'll make an official announcement soon. Thanks, Paul & Escargot @Sahil Thanks for the kind words! We think our cable is way better than Apple's cable, and we know you will love it. Thanks for backing Spixi! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for answering Timothy's question. Stay awesome! Paul & Escargot @Timothy, as David mentioned, the facebook survey was to help us get an idea of what our backers wanted. Sorry if it was inconvenient for you. We got the results, and now we have a better idea. We will be messaging you soon about your product choice, which is will give us our backers' real choices. Thanks for backing us! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for helping us answer our backer comments and questions! And you are right on the money about the EU law! Brilliant! Paul & Escargot @Liaw Sorry didn't get back to you sooner. About the Lightning to MicroUSB adapter and Spixi (MicroUSB) to your iPhone 5- it should be fully compatible, I am 100% confident that this set-up should work. We will be getting our hands on some Apple adapters this week, and we will test out just to be certain. As @David mentioned, in the EU, it is required by law for Apple to include a Lightning to MicroUSB adapter, whereas the end-user would use any MicroUSB cable to the adapter to the iPhone 5. In our scenario, it would be: Spixi (MicroUSB) > Lightning to MicroUSB Adapter > iPhone 5. And should work just fine. Thanks for the question and backing us! Paul & Escargot @Clarence We are considering a power adapter for the wall. We've already gone through concept designs- keeping the same width and height of Spixi, and goes perfectly with Spixi, with USB port lining up. We are excited about this power adapter concept, because it would be ultra slim, yet strong enough to power an iPad or iPhone (or almost any other mobile device), and the prongs would be foldable. We are thinking about taking pre-orders for the power adapter on our site, and hopefully if we get enough funding, we can offer the product shortly after the Spixi is launched. Many have inquired about this and we thank you for the comment and backing us! Paul & Escargot @Cesar The LifeProof case for iPhone 5 isn't even out yet! And no technical specs are given on the products page. We are refining the connector design so the housing of the connector will be as small as Apple's Lightning connector- we don't see it being a problem with the LifeProof case, from the images we've seen online. Just ordered a Otterbox Defender Series case for iPhone 5 to test out fit. We can't test out every case, because there are just too many- but we will test out certain popular cases that may be of concern to backers. Thanks for backing! Paul & Escargot @Vitali You can get the Android (MicroUSB) version and pair it with the Lightning to MicroUsb adapter by Apple (<url>"wow, it's a lot smaller than I thought." Most people associate Spixi with the iPad chargers or the Macbook chargers which are bulkier and heavier. In the pictures some people have difficulty telling the actually size, that's the main reason why we tried to make it 'look' as small as possible, especially against the product comparison shots. As I mentioned in the comment to @Garrett, we have decided to go with the current design for now, but we will give it another thought after seeing two consecutive comments in the last 24 hours regarding this. Thanks for helping us reach our goal! Paul & Escargot @Garrett We did consider this. A few like-minded backers also mentioned this suggestion. But we decided for now to go with the current design because it is more cost-effective from model-to-model. Thanks for the suggestion! Paul & Escargot @Leonard, Just put up another blast on my personal facebook page, hopefully that will give the extra push to reach $50k. T-11 hours! Thanks for the awesome support!! Paul & Escargot @David Congrats on your shiny iPhone5. Glad to hear the screen protector suites you well. Thanks for the encouragement and continuous support! Paul & Escargot @Francois We hear you! And we have taken note. We are considering a matte finish. We will let you know when he hear back from our supplier. Thanks! Paul & Escargot @Arnold, Thanks for the suggestion. Sounds similar to the iPhone 5 design scheme. We are considering a matte finish, and we will let you know when we hear back from our supplier! Paul & Escargot @Mark thanks for the comment. We are considering a matte finish, after the receiving so many requests. We will let you know what when we hear back from the supplier! Paul & Escargot @Nicky, Thank you for the question. We are using a genuine chip. Doing so is the only way to ensure the cable will work with iPhone 5. We're not sure what Apple's firmware upgrades are capable of, but theoretically it could prevent non-genuine cables from working. We want to provide a cable that does what Apple's cables do, with added convenience to simplify your life. Hope this answers your question. Thanks for backing Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Arnold Facebook allows for just 1 vote, it used to be multiple votes. Apologies about the confusion and inconvenience. You can just send us a message with your survey response. Thanks! Paul & Escargot Andrew, The "Android" is actually also blackberry compatible as well. They both use microUSB. I can assure you it will work with Blackberry 100%, we just titled it "android". Sorry about the confusion. Thanks, Paul @Everyone Apologies on the delayed comment and message responses. With me being overseas, it has been a challenge to respond quickly to each message and comment (it's something I am working on- finding better access in China, and dedicating a set time to sit down/reply). Thank you all for your patience and encouraging/supporting the amazing journey! Paul & Escargot @Francois Pure coincidence that the mock-up was black, and the stretch goal is for the black version for iPhone. All of the manufacturing samples are done in black. Remember before little ol' Apple came along, all cables were black? Those days are long gone! But still, the norm is black- all manufacturing samples the same. Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Leonard We are only 6k away from reaching the stretch goal. If we work together, we can do it!! Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Alexandre Thank you for helping us reach our stretch goal! We hope we can reach 50k so we can offer the black version to you! BTW there's an inner geek in all of us-- no shame in admitting it! Paul & Escargot @David Awesome photo! Hope you are enjoying the screen protector. Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi!! We are glad to have you on board! Paul & Escargot @Jo Thanks for addressing Chai's question! You are totally awesome and we love you just as much as Chai! Thanks for also reading the FAQs- we wrote that section for you guys- our backers! Proactively speaking, what question(s) do you think we are missing in our FAQs section? Chances are you are not the only one with that/those questions. Let us know! Best- Paul & Escargot @chai, thanks for your question. We are trying to make Spixi compatible with iPad. And in about a week, we should get a definite yes or no on this subject, from our supplier after they confirm manufacturability and lifecycle quality. Just to let you know, we have it spec'd as of now to function with iPad, which means on a manufacturing level a different size internal wiring is necessary. Regarding slow charging, the primary reason one experiences this is due to the amperage of the wall plug that is used for your device, in this case iPad. Apple supplies you with a 10W charger- 5 volts and 2 amps. If you use say Apple's iPhone charger, 5W- 5 volts and 1 amp, you will get much slower charging. If you use your typical laptop USB port, 2.5W- 5 volts and 0.5 amps, terribly slow charging, or even sometimes no charging, depending on laptop generation. I hope this helps paint a clearer picture. Thank you for backing us, and we love you! (We love chai tea, so naturally we love chai!) Sincerely, Paul & Escargot @Solomon, Got your message, and we are getting around to implementing a system for retailers, wholesalers, and distributors. It looks like there Singapore could be a great market according to @Joanna! Thanks for your support, and we'll be getting back to you soon. Cheers! -Paul & Escargot @Chris, Thanks for the awesome quote and the HUGE backing!! Looking forward to talking with you when are product launches! Paul & the Escargot Team @Mark, Again thanks for the kind words! Couldn't have done it without you! Paul & the Escargot Team @Arnold, Thanks for your suggestion and the kind words. What we have that a lot of other kickstarter projects do not have is real-life manufacturing experience. Prior to kickstarter, I have been working in engineering and manufacturing in Mexico, China, and US. I've worked with production plant executives down to the line workers to get a better understanding of the whole production process. Over the last couple of years, I've made almost every mistake under the sun- and I have learned immensly because of them. So in terms of manufacturing, we think we have that down. Now in terms of anything-Kickstarter, we have a secret-weapon that not many kickstarter creators have- we have a mentor that was successfully funded nearly one year ago (with happy backers!), and they have been guiding us step-by-step, even before we even went live. So fullfillment, shipping, post-KS- these items and others have been discuessed before our KS went live. About your idea, we think that it is neat. How do you feel about having a small box dangling off off your laptop? For me, it depends if the 'laptop' is on my lap or my desk. If I had to read between the lines, I would guess that really what you want is an extension off of the USB port- is this fair to say? This is something that we are considering for an iteration of Spixi. Thanks for your comments and supporting Spixi!! Paul & the Escargot Team @gee-jay you will be able to choose connector type/color after the campaign is over. For more details on how this works, check out the FAQs section where it is explained in further detail, or if you'd like, send us a message for clarification and we will try to explain in a reply. Thanks for your support and your question! Paul and the Escargot Team @Dorian thank you for being our special 873rd backer!! Indeed, this will be an exciting journey!! Glad to have you on the ride. Paul and the Escargot Team @Mark, Thank you for the kind words. I guess you caught us at a good time! We try to get back to everyone in at least 48 hours, I think that is fair. We try our best to be as transparent and communicate as frequent as possible, and put an update at least once a week (but it'll be more frequent when there is more action of course). Thanks for you support and comments!! Paul and the Escargot Team @Heri, we believe 2' feet is enough for most. But of course there are some that will want 3' or 10'. In the video, the full length of the cable is shown. And as we have received multiple requests for photos showing this, we will put one up in the next few days. Thanks for your support and comments! Paul and the Escargot Team @Patrick, We did think about this during the concept stages, but we came to think that people didn't want a brick extending off of their phone. This idea may be good though, as with design there is no right or wrong, there is only good and bad. The main reason why we didn't want a 'brick' extending off the phone is because it is plain out right awkward if you are on a call and your handset is 8-9" long- it just makes you look and feel silly. But maybe in the future it won't be so silly. Thanks for the suggestion and backing Spixi. Paul and the Escargot Team @David, Thanks again for helping answer other backers' questions and comments! We shipped out a special package to you last week, let us know what you think when you receive it! Paul and the Escargot Team @Ian, we did look at wall adapters, And as I commented to @Arnold, we may consider it for another stretch goal if we get the opportunity. BTW, it's not heavy at all, it will not weigh down Apple's USB adapter. Thanks for your comment and backing Spixi! Paul and the Escargot Team @Arnold, a wall USB adapter is a very cool idea. I think we will consider this for another stretch goal if we get the opportunity. Thanks, Paul and the Escargot Team @Mark, Thanks for you comment. We haven't changed our ship date, it has always remained February 2013. If anything, we are trying to beat that delivery date and get it into your hands sooner. Just to be completely transparent, if there is a delay because of the iPhone 5, that will only affect the iPhone 5 version. Micro USB and iPhone4/4S will not be affected. So your micro USB version will not be delayed because of the iPhone 5 version. I hope this clears it up. Thank you for your support! Paul and the Escargot Team @Eric, we want to show the iPhone 5 Spixi in its full glory, but it's currently in development at the factory. I had mentioned in the FAQs and in the comments, we are using an MFi-certified supplier which means we will use Apple's connector specs from California. Apple did not stop licensing 3rd-party cables, they just made it very difficult for 3rd-party NON-MFI suppliers to knock-off Apple's lightning port. The lightning connector costs $3.50 for suppliers to make, the old 30-pin cost $0.45, a increase in costs of nearly 800%, and the authentication chip in Lightning cannot be reverse-engineered, according to current reports. Since our supplier is MFi-certified, we will be able to showcase a functional charging/syncing Spixi with iPhone 5. And I am pushing the suppliers to get that to me before the end of Kickstarter. I am confident that Spixi will be 100% compatible with iPhone 5. Definite proof is what I'm working on getting in the next couple of weeks! Thanks for your comment and your awesome support Eric!! @Richard, Thank you, your support is HUGE. We're half-way there thanks to all of our backers! @Jo, Thanks for being the awesome supporter you are!! @Li, Slate Spixi sounds really cool actually. We're really leaning towards making this a stretch goal. We've received numerous requests. The more you share, the sooner we'll get it in production!! You ROCK!! -The Escargot Team @Jody, you will decide on what version and connector type you want at end of the kickstarter campaign. We will not send out random Spixis. For more information, check out the FAQs. Thanks Jody for your support!! -The Escargot Team @Francois, we may do a stretch goal to provide iPhone Spixi in black. If our funding goal is met, this is something that is definitely possible. Thanks for your support and feedback Francois! -The Escargot Team THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, SO WE ARE POSTING HERE: Is there an authentication chip in your design, have you coordinated with apple to be able to connect to the phone? Yes, we do have an authentication chip in our design. This gives it the full capability to charge and sync, like Apple's lightning cables. We are coordinating with Apple through an MFi-certified manufacturer that has their hands on the official lightning connector specs and components. This will ensure that Spixi will be 100% compatible with iPhone 5. We will NOT use "fake" lightning connectors- we will only use lightning connectors that are Apple-approved. -- This is posted in FAQs as well. There are reports from gizmodo and apple insider (thanks @David and @Kaleb) that third-party connectors will not work- Are partly true. The knock-offs and the fakes will not be fully functional cables or adapters. We are DIFFERENT- we are using an Apple-certified MFi manufacturer that gets the component specifications directly from Apple in California. This is the real deal. We want to make Spixi fully compatible with iPhone 5. And this is the right way to do it. Thank you, all you beautiful backers!! We just surpassed $11k with 285 backers!! -Paul & The Escargot Team @Jo, the LImited Edition in the F&F pack is the same as the stand-alone Limited Edition. Yes, this means it will be engraved with it's unique lot number! Your second question, we have not tried that scenario. But we have no doubt Spixi can replace your retractable cable in that scenario. Spixi will charge and sync, just like the original Apple or Samsung cable that came with your phone. I don't have/need a car, kinda the beauty of being a New Yorker, maybe we'll ask a friend or cab driver, if they can test this out. We'll let you know if we find out anything. Thanks!! @David, technically you could stand up the phone upright, but we would not recommend it, since your phone could easily fall over. And yes, making just a micro-USB connector with adapters would be cheaper, however we feel iPhone users don't like to have adapters. They like to have iPhone-made accessories made just for them. Regarding the message you sent me, I updated the FAQs about the new lightning connector and Spixi, how it is possible to make it work. Thanks again! @Arnold, Actually there is a neodymium magnet in our prototype. We did not market the fact it was there, because we wanted to see at the production level if the spring would create enough force to hold the connector in place. But to be honest, I think we are leaning more towards including the magnet, just for that extra security. And it does add a nice touch. Keep the great feedback coming! Thanks! @David, Thank you for answering Leonard's question. By you helping us out in this simple manner, believe it or not, it really frees up our time, and helps us focus on what's really important-- delivering the product. We are a small company and every little bit helps. Do me a favor, message me your mailing address. I want to send you a free iPhone 5 screen protector, as a sign of thanks. You'll get a sneak preview of the high quality packaging we plan on using on our products, that really sets it apart from the crowd. You'll know what we mean when you get the package :-). YOU ROCK!! Thanks! @Leonard, I think David answered your question, right? Thanks! @Heri, we do not disagree with you. We want it to be as small as possible and we want an extra long cable, but we quickly realized we had to make compromises. We do believe we can cut down on the size, and we are working with our supplier to see if we can try rearranging some components to accomplish this. But the question comes up again. Do you want smaller package, or longer cable? From our research we determined that our case study users needed atleast a 2' cable to connect to their laptop and comfortable talk on their phone. At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions. INTERESTING you mention the USB chargers. Here at Escargot we LOVE USB chargers (side-bar, we just got a sample of a usb charger that can charge 3 iPhones simultaneously, 2.5x each!) but they are not perfect. Perhaps there is a future opportunity there, but right now we are focused on cable management, particularly laptop to phone charging and syncing, without giving up phone functionality, and no tangles/clutter. We believe there is a market for people who face this situation consistently, and we'd like to offer our best solution Spixi to this crowd. It just happens to be so, that Spixi can work in other situations, though it may not be the best solution for every situation, such as your USB charger scenario. We can only say that we will continue listening to our loving supporters, and do our best to give them the products that they need and want. Thanks for your feedback! Arnold, a very good observation that you bring up. This is something that we have been considering since conception of the product design. There are two reasons why we decided not to make the device connector flush and we will try to explain our systematic approach: Firstly, we did not feel confident we could make a flush device connector in a 2"x2" case with a foldable USB connector and 2' retracting cable. (The device connector thickness is 1/4" so in the specs it lists 2 1/4" x 2"), after numerous calculated attempts of trying to find the "sweet spot" between cable length, case dimensions, and combination of folding connectors, we eventually determined we could make the overall size 'seem' smaller by leaving the device connector outside the case and putting it on its side. Having the USB foldable was a MUST for us, especially because it is a fixed point, whereas the device connector is on the end of the cable which would be dynamic-- move in and out, be pulled and retracted. Secondly, by using one case design for iPhone 5 (8-pin), iPhone 4/4S (30-pin), and Android (Micro-USB), it cuts down on tooling costs and tooling time. Which mean tooling costs are $30k instead of $50k, and it takes 2 months for tooling time vs 2-3 months. This way funding amount is lower to bring Spixi to life, and you can get it sooner than waiting an extra month or so. Having one case also helps us reach our minimum order quantities meaning, each order will contribute to the the required minimum (well, atleast in the case of the white versions since they share identical cases). We wanted to make an awesome retractable cable for iPhone 5, iPhone 4/4S, and Android, as fast as possible, and as low-cost as possible, so at the end, it benefits the most important person- you. I hope this explains why we made the decisions we did. But perhaps in the future when we are not strapped for cash, we will use your great suggestion. Thanks Arnold! Jo, Thank you! We think its only right to make cool products for our cool supporters! The Friends and Family pack would score you 3 Spixis and a Kickstarter-Exclusive Limited Edition, matching your macbook air/pro, or just to show off how cool of a supporter your are! Thanks!! Chris, we are targeting a $25 retail price for Spixi- for iPhone and all other smartphones. Scott, thanks for your very kind words. We know what it's like to be on the other side of the fence and there is nothing that bothers us more than a poorly communicating company, especially when it's an unknown company. We know it can get frustrating at times, and we're making every attempt to prevent that from happening. Thanks for your support!! Neal, the short answer is yes, but we do not recommend it at this time until we do further testing. Your question sounds similar to a question that was asked in our FAQs section- take a look and see if your question is better answered there. If not, I will try to give you a clear answer and explanation. How's that sound? Thanks! Scott, great question- please check out the new FAQs I just updated regarding your question. Please let me know if my response is not clear and you would like further clarification. Thanks for getting Spixi!! Bob, we will address your question in the FAQ section. Very good question by the way! David, thank you very much. You are a very cool backer! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Not sure if it really will help, but: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I too have not yet received my reward or any communication in over the years, I can only assume that this creator never indented on honouring the agreement. I request a refund under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Completely ridiculous that yet again another company didn't deliver I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I never heard from this project ever. Not a single message. I appreciate a refund now. Thank you. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Can you please send me my refund. It sucks getting screwed on these crowd funding sites when you're just trying to help someone make their dream a reality. Please come clean and refund my money. -Shane Completely forgot I even backed this, I was looking back at my history... Where is my money? I never received my Spixi. After backing three tech projects which have each failed to be anything more than scams, the reality is Kickstarter is skimming their 15% "juice" and there is zero incentive in their business model to change or offer the slightest protection for backers. The only way Kickstarter will EVER be motivated to change is if the pool of suckers dries up and closes their account in LARGE numbers. Leading the way, I am closing mine after posting this comment. 1. Click on ‘Me’ from the top-right corner of the page. Under ‘My Account’ click on ‘Edit Settings’. 2. On this page, select the ‘Account’ tab. 3. On the right hand side of the page, click on ‘Delete my Kickstarter account’. Say bye-bye to your Kickstarter account. Honestly something must be done! I cannot believe they just scammed us like that! Is there any way we can hold them responsible for this and get something out of it??! Someone below mentioned this: <url>"Be respectful and considerate." With this SCAMMERS??? Really hard... Where is the refund??? Never got our refunds. Enjoy our $50,000. Never received the Spixi microusb payed.... Where is the refund you promise ? WHere's my money or product. Grow some balls guys! Send in a reply. Surprise! The numbers are both disconnected. World-class d-bag, hiding out, working on his next scam. Anyone want to give him a call: <url>"Be respectful and considerate." With this SCAMMERS??? Really hard... Where is the refund??? Where is the refund? Refund, please! So is he selling them on his site now, but not providing the product to backers? Where are the refunds? Washington went after a failed kickstarter project. <url>"Thank you Spixi". Because of projects like this (and too many others), my money will now stay with me. I'm choosing to see this as a $32 lesson that will save me lots in the future. Kinda worth it if you think about it. Looks like we've been bamboozled. I sent a message few time already but NO luck with response Paul, I haven't received a refund either. *confused* Do you have an ETA? Please let me know. Thanks! What about the refund thing? No refund here…2 months since he posted. I get that it might take a while, and that he does not really have to refund at all…given that we assume the risk not the creator. I won't be devastated if he fails to refund. I'm wondering the same thing Where is my refund? Escargot - New York, NY · Last login Dec 5, 2013 It's alive! Still no refund, why? Still no refund here either. Emailed <email> a few weeks ago, still no response. I sure hope that I'll get a Spixi eventually... Does anybody get refund ? Thanks When will the refunds be sent? This is a big disappointment. I had faith in this project by backing it. No lighting product. Everyone has been more than patient. I expected my refund by now after the last update. Failures happen, but these people need to do the right thing and refund the money to everyone they could not fulfill their promises to. We put the money up, now it's time to return it to us. No refund or further communication either. Still no refund, Also, I would love to return my 30-pin charger that I ordered (I got the 2-pack) it really is a poorly put together cable, that doesn't let the phone lay flat when connected! Still no refund, too. Still waiting for a refund. I was also an early bird backer. Still did not received 2 Micro USB Spixis!! No response from Escargot at all!! No reply from creator. Since he's not producing any Lightning version, I'm asking him to exchange with micro USB version and willing to pay for shipping but till today, no reply. Come on man, don't let your backers down! Anyone get a refund. I'm waiting on one Micro USB and one iPod Spixi. I'm a bit concerned since it has been north of a year waiting on this thing. Jul 9 is when these started shipping. It might be nice to have an update about these now. Still waiting for my refund. I'm still waiting for mine too. I was an early bird backer and I haven't heard anything. All these comments are not really giving off a good vibe either. These are trash. I feel sorry for the people still waiting on such a horrible product. It sounds and looks like money might be the issue. I wonder if they over ordered the micros and expected to get some extra sales in from those to make a larger PO on the 8-pin but with such a horrible device have been stuck with a lot of stock of a cheap product. Getting frustrated waiting for the charger and backers getting no replies or update from the creator! :( please update us on the shipping for iPhone 5 spixi and reply the comments! I sent Paul a Facebook message. Regret so much that I backed this. Live and learn. It has NOT been a year since was funded. Funding started Sept. 21, 2012. It ENDED on Nov. 1, 2012. There is another 2-3 weeks to GET the money. In the middle of August is when they FINALLY got APPROVAL for the lightning connection. Apple has separated approval for lightning connector from 30-pin approval. They will need to go through the same QA as micro and 30-pin. SO, be patient. I have been a Kickstarter backer for years. I have backed hundreds of projects. This is only the second project that has taken well over a year. The comments below are really bad. I'd rather wait even longer if I was guaranteed the product I get isn't a piece of crap. There are no good reviews. All bad. No replies and very few updates from the designers. As soon as I receive my product, I will post again. I would love for it to be a good comment. Shouldn't we have these for the lightning connectors already? I can get the same thing now from Scosche... <url>"discount code" on the website to even get their reward? Mine hasn't worked for months and I no longer can get in touch with them to figure out whats wrong! Only got 1 Spixi in the mail, where are the other 2 Spixi I backed for? i have received my spixis a couple of days ago. I backed the reseller pack at $150 but have only received 6 units not the 10 units i backed for. I have sent loads of emails to the company and to paul himself but cannot get a reply. Have they gone under????? @Emily - I also find that the cable won't retract fully. when this happens, I just pull the cable out a bit and then just let it go, so that it winds back up with some force. it feels counter-intuitive to do that, but it works. I also have some concerns about sturdiness. the spring does pull with some force - but the housing and winding mechanism feel a little fragile compared to the force of the spring. the micro usb head has a "lip" that sometimes hits the casing when the cable is being retracted, instead of going in all the way - it makes me worried about damaging that connection over time. I have the black glossy version, and it's a fingerprint magnet. I wish that the external shell provided some protection for the micro usb head when retracted (like the hinged usb connector is protected) - even though it's flush to the side, if the Spixi is packed loose with other hard items, I can see it being damaged. on the plus side, it does charge my phone, and it will save me a twist tie or rubber band when I am on the go. I think if you address the sturdiness of the casing and reliability of the winding mechanism, it'll be a huge winner. Wow. Look at all of the negative comments. I've decided not to use either one of the spixis. I just don't see the point in plugging my phone up and charging it on the floor. The cable is ridiculous in length. After using spixi for two days, the cable wouldn't retract fully back into the casing..... Why is the casing sooo big? This is a 2 ft cable that is soo thin. I would imagine the spooling mech. be 1/2 to 1/4 the size This user's account has been deleted. One of my spixi's just exploded whilst in the computer. One second it was charging. While I was on the other side of the room. I heard a noise and saw that bits of the spixi were all over the room. The tension in the spiral spring ripped it apart. Received mine yesterday in the UK. Feels good and works done with my BB. Hope I don't have any problems once I use it with the micro usb to lightning adapter for iPhone 5. Received my two microusb spixi. The retraction of the cable doesn't feel very smooth. Feels like it could break any second. 2 ft seems too short for practical use, wish the cable would be longer. The usb hinge doesn't look like it would last long. Wish the hinge was made from the same material as the body. Overall, the quality is a little disappointing, especially after waited for so long. Got the pixie today. No problems, works. The pull back of the cable could be snappier. All in all good work. Further test give me weird result. Dad's iPhone 4 (5.0.1) work. Mom's iPhone 4s (5.1.1) work. My iPhone 4 (6.1.3) didn't work. I also see the usb head part have different colour compared to the body. The packaging was so cool looking until I see a crack on the box that contain Spixi. :( Use for it a while and seem like the material might torn easily I received both my Spixi 30pin today. Packaging and envelop is in good condition. However when I tried to test both of them by plugging it to my MBA both didn't connect my iphone (or start the charging process). At the moment I'm plugging it to my macmini just to try with other devices and both also didn't do anything. Any suggestions? Received my two Black MicroUSB Spixi today. One of the boxes was broken, but the Spixi inside was intact, so I guess it served its purpose. Since the USB controllers are apparement, will they risk any damage it I put the Spixi directly in my handbag, or shall I better find a small pouch for it? Micro USB and 30 pin arrived today.... Look really good. Thank you! I'm not expecting this thing to last very long. The hinge is not going to withstand all of the turning, pulling and plugging its got to have. I just received my micro-USB unit, but the retraction is having a little bit of difficulty. It comes out very smoothly, but when it goes back in, doesn't always go in fully - I'll sometimes have anywhere from an inch to several inches left because they didn't roll in smoothly. Any suggestions on what I can do to make the entire cord roll in fully? Just received my 30 pin and micro USB units. They look great and the retract action is both smooth and predictable. They've already replaced the non-retractables in my go bag. Great job, guys. Looks great! I am concerned with how well the hinge will hold up. The plastic used is very flexible and lightweight. I just got my MicroUSB today. It looks and works great. Great job, guys! I'm here in D.C. & my Spixi arrived today. Packaging looks great and the Spixi itself looks and feels nice. I only got 1 but I know the other 2 are probably on their way soon. Thanks Escargot for the great job on the charger. Received both micro USB Spixi's today. Thnx. Umm.. Hi again. Just wondering if there is any news on the aluminium bad boys? It was 10 days ago I asked, so maybe you guys have missed it? They look great from the photo's, very professional. It will be interesting to see how well they hold up to use. When should we expect for the Android / iPhone 4 Spixi? :) @Markus on the main project page on the side where the pledges are. Look for the pledge level you picked and it should say your response underneath the pledge info and it will show your info you submitted for shipping. This user's account has been deleted. Hi there - good to know youre moving forward. However, how can I see my current shipping address? Thanks Status of lighting connector Spixi? I'd really like to see more updates on this issue. Hi there, great that they'll be shipping soon. My only concern is that I haven't seen anything about the aluminium ones...? I backed the OUYA and Almost 2 weeks after the last update so where are we now? You did state 1-2 weeks further delay. Pushed back another 1-2 maybe?! 3-4?! @Joe which model did you order? This project is a total disaster. If I ever receive a charger..look for a review at techsmut.com Any update for iphone5 charger? And shipping date? Thank David for the link, I'm glad you post to it it's really a good info to know for this project but other too Interesting: <url>’s MicroUSB to Lightning adapter to it. Will the total end connector stay attached to the side of the unit as pictured ? Any updates? Already mid March. Bought a 3 Metre Knock off Chinese one and it's crap, the USB enclosure is lose, slow to charge, I'm gonna chuck it. I'll Stick with MFI approved. Even two Metres, just so I could charge my phone whilst using it in bed LOL. That's the benefit of retractable long when you need, short when you don't. 3 metres would be good, whatever that us in feet. Paul, a 5 foot cable would be a great idea! Two feet is very short but I'm going to use mine with my zagg sparq so I don't have to keep charging wires that get wrapped in everything all the time. I cannot wait to get my spixis! Thank you for all your hard work! I can't wait to see the final product! And the packaging looks great!!! Do you see making a longer (than 2 ft) version down the line? Any update soon? I pledged and am looking forward to get Spixis. Thank you. @James see updates I believe ship date is Juneish? <url>"Estimated ship date: February 2013". Since it is the 10th, does this remain realistic or is there a more accurate goal? Thank you. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the reply Paul, any photos of the final engineering samples. @M Carlin Yes. Could this work for my iPad too? Hey Paul, have you guys been at CES? Any update to final engineering sample yet? I have never commented on a project that I've backed before, but I felt this needed to be addressed. I am a little perturbed that it is now going to be June before we see our product. I understand the set backs, but the Chinese New Year thing seems like a little bit of a joke. Do you really think China just shuts down their economy for 2 months each year? No. China is the number one country for manufacturing and they do not just shut down and put off projects for that amount of time. I have had products made in China and churned out the next month once the final design and tooling was complete. I am still excited, but I feel like you should at least upgrade the backers with 2 or more to one of the limited editions to compensate for the lapse in judgement on choosing a shady supplier. Have you guys started tooling? This user's account has been deleted. So, with the website going live and orders being submitted, is the estimated shipping time still February of 2013? Not trying to rush things, but submiting my order has me excited. :-) Thank you, David and Escargot This is because it was convenient when Spixi can conjugate with an HDD and other devices in USB 3.0. I was busy and did not confirm specs, I'm sorry... When a simple measurement was possible, I thought that it was interesting. Please do not tell me that measure is usable. Just a design. hahaha... <url>"We've done preliminary testing and can confirm that it will charge an iPad. However, as you may know, the iPad power adapter is rated at 10W, while the iPhone power adapter is rated at 5W. Because of the wattage difference we cannot recommend that Spixi is ideal for iPad at this time, without further testing, due to the narrow cross-section of the cable. That is primarily the reason why we are only marketing Spixi for iPhone and other smartphones at this time. We do plan on doing further testing with iPad, and as soon as we have results, we'll provide update for our iPad users." Hope that helps! hi guys, just wondering, because you didn't mention it in your product descriptions. how compatible is your 30-pin connector with the ipad? i understand that there are slight differences in the cabling/wiring used, so it could result in a longer/slower charging time if the wrong cable or charger is used? @Solomon, really? That will be great... as I am a fellow Singaporean... can recommend to my friends or get it as a gift.. I'm considering selling this in shops all over Singapore. =). Great product. Congrats guys. Another idea, instead of a flip open design for USB connector could you use a sort cable the length of three quarter around the edge then wrap around along a 'path' for the cable and the connector along the edge? This way when plugged in it don't weight the USB port it connect to. 30K Congrats guys.... Just pushed the project over the edge. Looking forward to the journey. Hi there. I'm a backer but couldn't chose what tip or color I want. Does that come later / after the 30'000 are reached? @Arnold - I could not agree more. So many issues on Kickstarter could be remedied/prevented with timely communication from the project manager/coordinator. As you saw in my post, when the information was given to me in a timely and thorough manner, I was completely satisfied and happy to wait. You could head off a lot of "What's taking so long?!?" messages by continuing to post regular updates and informing backers about the production progress AFTER funding has completed. Congrats on (almost) meeting your goal, Escargot! I hope this level of communication can be maintained even after the funding ends. As I witnessed in the past projects I've backed, the creator can be caught off guard by the 'tsunami' of things that happen and easily take offer all the time, energy and attention available. I know few of project creators that at the first was dedicating a high level of communication in the end when the manufacturing processes hit them hard was unable to hold the same level of communication, a couple of them even end up delegating the communication jobs to one or more dedicated staff and others just give up and decided to give most of their energy to deal with the manufacturing process. Even shipping process can be very time consuming and become a monumental job by itself. I recommend that you should communicate with other project creators about their experiences facing the unexpected situations and problem that arise in the manufacturing phase and of how to handle it. The average project creator seems to 'disappear' from the perspective of backers as soon as the funding end simply just because they don't have energy to communicate anymore. Good luck guys. Wow, that was an incredibly fast, thorough, and considerate response. I will wait, gladly and patiently. THAT is how you run a Kickstarter. Way to go, Escargot! Okay, I hate to be the squeeky wheel here, but now they suddenly aren't expected to ship until next year?!? I understant wanting to update the device to accomodate the iPhone 5, but I backed this wanting a plain ol' micro USB version, and that connector hasn't changed for years. Don't particularly like that the shipment of a product I could use has been delayed due to someone else's needs. I would ask that you consider not delaying shipment of micro USB Spixi and let the iPhone 5ers wait for theirs. @Ian S R. + 1 A wall USB adapter with an integrated design will be great and maybe by making it detachable to one another so it can be used independently or together. Might be to late in the game, but have you considered designing a wall adapter also? By the looks of it I can see you primarily designed these for use on computers USB, but it looks like it might be too heavy to just use one of apples USB adapters to charge an iPhone on. Just a suggestion, defiantly interested since i already pledged. @Patrick Whilst an interesting idea, I think Escargot are going for soemthing different. "From our research we determined that our case study users needed atleast a 2' cable to connect to their laptop and comfortable talk on their phone. At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions." Cheers Dave I have a suggestion, maybe too late in the game... Have you considered a reverse configuration where the USB connector would have the extending cable, and the charging connector on the "brick?" In this way, there would not be a "brick" hanging off the side of my laptop, and, if the lightning connector, in my case, would swivel to the side, instead of out, the "brick" could used almost like a dock, holding your phone upright. Thanks. ( If you like this idea, and make this, and it doesn't appear in the comments that I scanned very, very quickly, I hope I'll get one for free !! ) @Heri, I think Escargot are still trying to identify the maximum length cable they can put into their enclosure. "At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions." This was in answer to your question 5 days ago. Cheers Dave Thanks @Escargot for the reply. It is enlightening to know that I can leave the heavy USB charger on the table, and have enough cable to talk at the same time on the lightweight iphone 5. Would a choice of 2 lengths be difficult to achieve in the timeframe? Are there photos of the Spixi fully extended? Hey, I was wondering if you could show an example of the iPhone 5 being charged/synced with the Spixi. I have read online that Apple stopped licensing 3rd-party cables. I dont know if that means the Spixi will work or not but I would like definite proof if possible :) Otherwise this is an awesome cable! Good luck, I really hope this project comes into fruition. Thanks for the reply! I'll be upping my pledge momentarily. =oD Also, in agreement with a couple other backers, please do consider making a black iPhone Spixi as a stretch goal. I'd definitely like one. And yes, please do let me know if you are able to test out a Spixi for car use. Again, awesome project! Best wishes, Jo This user's account has been deleted. Apologies if this has been asked already. Will you be contacting the backers to find out which device they have? Want to make sure I don't get the wrong one sent to me. I saw the previous answer that only the MicroUSB would come in black, but I was hoping you might reconsider and perhaps add a stretch goal to provide the iPhone Spixi in black. Hello again! 1) Earlier I mentioned that I was interested in upgrading to the F&F pack, but I do have a few quick questions: Will the limited edition Spixi in the F&F pack be engraved like the LE standalone option? Or will it be just the aluminum body? 2) I have one of those awful 2-way retractable cords in my car so that my iPhone can be played through my car stereo. Have you tried using the Spixi for that? Or would it be better to just use it as a charge/sync cable? Thanks in advance! Hi guys, a couple of quick thoughts / Questions. 1. It looks like the 30 pin connector might be stable enough to hold an iPhone in this position? <url>