Super Arcade: Member-Driven, Modernized, Made-For-All Mike Watson here. I’m the owner of Super Arcade and I’m writing to tell you what my dedicated friends and I have in store for you. Get to know us Over the past few years, Super Arcade has become THE everyday place to go for fighting game tournaments, special events, and casual play. We’re recognized world-wide. Video game manufacturers like CAPCOM, NAMCO, and SEGA hold tournaments and location tests right inside our doors. Hundreds of faithful fighters show up every week to battle it out in offline competition. And we stream a great show over the internet for the people who live too far away to be here in-person. We’ve done our best to get where we are today. Help us become something better. Pledge now and preserve the arcade lifestyle for everyone that loves video games. UPDATED on 4/23/14: So here are our final stretch goals as we are now coming close to the end of our kickstarter campaign. Here is a list of what we will be aiming for: So we announced our first stretch goal a few weeks ago and we are about halfway in reaching our goal of getting a new outdoor sign. Hopefully we can get there soon and also achieve a few more. For the next goal we are aiming for $60,000 and will either purchase an Adam's Family or a Twilight Zone Pinball machine. Our next goal is $63,500 and will go towards purchasing a new double door commercial fridge. And for our final goal that is set at $75,000, we will be buying the holy grail of pinball machines "Medieval Madness!!" We will be making our final push during the last week of our campaign so stay tuned for a possible 24hr marathon stream and more content from Super Arcade! Introducing the new Super Arcade for 2014 and beyond: Member Driven, Modernized, and Made-For-All With your help, we’ll turn Super Arcade into the place where everyone can belong, feel comfortable, and be proud to bring their friends. Member-Driven We’ve had regulars for years. You may be one of them. You’re the ones who come to battle it out week after week in offline fighting game tournament action. We count on you. But we’ve never taken official steps to thank you. That changes now with a brand-new, swipe-card membership system. Become a member and get money-saving perks It’s easy. Sign up and get your card. You’ll get perks ranging from discounted venue fees for one day per week all the way to venue fee discounts for all events, ten percent off arcade stick parts, and unlimited casual console use. Here’s who should buy a membership We’d love for everyone to buy one, of course (and yes, anyone can buy one) - but they’re really made to benefit the people that show up one or more times a week to enter Super Arcade fighting game tournaments and use our consoles for casual play. Let’s talk about them now. People who play Super Smash Brothers Melee, Brawl, and Project M These fighters are well known for facing challenges with an attitude of: “Sounds awesome. Tell us how can we help”. If you didn’t already know, they raised $94,683 in donations for breast cancer research to get Super Smash Bros. Melee into the Evolution 2013 World Championship Series. If you’re one of these dedicated individuals, this membership is a reward for you. Super Smash Pass: $12.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all the Super Smash Sundays held in one calendar month. If you’re coming here to play every week, this membership saves you more than $7.00 per month in venue fees. People who play Super Street Fighter 4: Arcade Edition, Tekken Tag 2, Injustice: Gods Among Us, Dead or Alive 5, Virtua Fighter 5, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Killer Instinct, Guilty Gear AC +R, and Blazblue Chrono Phantasma These players put Super Arcade on the map. Without them, we wouldn’t be here now. And because of them, we host multiple fighting game tournaments on two nights every week. Each night has a unique name. On Wednesdays, we present the aptly-named Wednesday Night Fights. On Thursdays, we host The Runback - an event originally named for those who wanted revenge for a Wednesday night loss. Both nights now feature their own games. Super Street Fighter 4: Arcade Edition, Tekken Tag 2, Injustice: Gods Among Us, Dead or Alive 5, and Virtua Fighter 5 are played on Wednesdays. Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Killer Instinct, Guilty Gear AC +R, and Blazblue Chrono Phantasma are played on Thursdays. If you’re a weeknight fighter, this pass is our way of saying thank you for all you do. Weeknight Fighting Pass: $24.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all instances of Wednesday Night Fights and The Runback held in one calendar month. If you’re coming here to play two nights every week, this membership saves you more than $15.00 per month in venue fees. People who play any console game we own If you’re someone that can’t get enough of what we offer when it comes to fighting games, tournaments, and casual play, we’ve got the real deal for you. Super VIP Pass: $39.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all tournaments (Wednesday Night Fights, The Runback, Super Smash Sundays), all Saturday events run by Super Arcade, plus free use of systems on Friday Night Console Casuals for one calendar month. You also get ten percent off all sticks, buttons, and anything else we carry in the store. VIP members can save over $60.00 per month in venue fees alone. Modernized We want you to feel comfortable showing this place to all the people you know. We want you to bring them here. We want them to enjoy every facet. And that’s why we need your help. Right now, everyone has to put up with worn floors, aging walls, a mish-mash of furniture, flickering neon, and a bathroom that looks and smells like a nightmare. And if you’re bringing someone along for the first time, you need to make excuses. With your help, there will be no more excuses. We will upgrade your gaming experience with rock-concert ambiance, tournament-spec furniture, a well-stocked display counter, new floors, and a bathroom that won’t kill you. Rock concert ambiance People will feel the vibe of Super Arcade before they drive into the parking lot or turn on the Stream. And when they walk through the door or watch the broadcast, the sight and sensations they experience will be nothing short of the best party ever thrown. Super Arcade will be alive with visuals and sound: Chromed concert-stage truss with lights. Killer PA Systems, and more. It’ll be the place everyone wants to go. Display counter If you’re wondering what’s wrong with the old one, well, it doesn’t contain the cool stuff like arcade sticks, parts, apparel, and more. We’re putting in a glass and metal enclosure that contains what arcade-goers need and want for better gaming experiences. Tournament furniture Tired of playing on pool tables covered with table cloths? Yeah. We thought so. Tired of having to push your way past people just to get to the counter? No kidding. Ready to see Armando get the Stream Station he’s earned? We certainly are. So here’s what’s coming: You’re getting more fighting stations. There will be 14 instead of 12. And we’re putting them down the center of the arcade. No more having to navigate between two crowds. Armando’s getting an integrated desk, cabinet, stream, and commentary command center. New floor Seriously, this floor tile is 89.5 years old (well, it’s actually 20, and that’s enough). Out with it. It’s time for a fresh, durable, acid-stain concrete design. New bathroom We fixed it once, now we’ll make it a place where people feel comfortable. No more stench. No more supply-closet feel. You’ll get things like paper towels, soap, toilet paper, not to mention a toilet that you might even sit on. Dynamic website We’re building an official website so everyone can see what’s coming up next and how to participate. It will be home to multiple stream channels, our blog, your membership accounts, and an online store where anyone can buy the products in our display case. Modernized for more than one reason Every person that walks in or logs in counts as one more reason to modernize. This major upgrade is for all of you that regularly brave the less-than-stellar conditions at Super Arcade. You dedicate yourselves without complaint. We want this dedication repaid with an awesome improvement that you can share with your friends. Made for All Super Arcade will finally be the place to bring your friends, family, and significant others - even if fighters aren’t their thing. We’re building a gaming experience found only in arcades: Drive with steering wheels. Play music with instruments. Perform on dancefloors. Shoot with guns. And battle with people next to you rather than miles away. Driving Games Initial D Arcade Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune Mario Kart Arcade GP DX Music Games GuitarFreaks V8 DrumMania V8 BeatMania IIDX Spada Pop N’ Music 21 Dance Dance Revolution In The Groove Light Gun Shooters Time Crisis House of the Dead Side-Scroller Multiplayer Games The Simpsons Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Alien vs. Predator Sunset Riders Pinball Street Fighter South Park Shaq Attaq Shmup Dodonpachi Radiant Silvergun Gradius Raiden Fighters Jet Puzzle Tetris Grand Master Challenge Super Gem Fighter Wall of Street Fighter Street Fighter Street Fighter II Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting Super Street Fighter II Turbo Street Fighter Alpha 3 Street Fighter III Third Strike Ultra Street Fighter IV (Yes. Really.) Sports Games Basketball Shooter (shoot real basketballs) NBA Showtime NFL Blitz Redemption Games Go for the plushies that you want to keep or give to someone special. Work the crane and get the prize. Beyond the Games Sometimes the person you bring is not into games at all. Of course we want to change that. And we figure continuous exposure to the fun everyone else is having may just bring it about. While we wait for that magic moment of the first quarter ever dropped into a machine, rest assured your person will be well taken care of. There’s a full compliment of snacks and drinks for sale. There are plenty of chairs in which to sit. We will, for the first time, have WiFi available to the public for only $3 a day. And, when console events aren’t running, the Tournament Furniture doubles as a place to get studying done. Your pledge helps everyone who loves video games All the effort you put in in now will come back to you and everyone else as years of one-of-a-kind arcade enjoyment. If you grew up going to arcades, playing on cabinets at the grocery store, and the game room and the bowling alley, you know how special Super Arcade really is - and you know how important it is to preserve the arcade way-of-life for generations. Your pledge helps to improve a viable business You’re doing more than making some far off dream a reality. Super Arcade is operational and we have customers. We need your help to make it better for them. We need your help to bring more of them in and make sure they come back. Fortunately, we’ve already got a lot going for us. We’re in the right neighborhood Super Arcade is in Southern California. People around the USA and the world know it’s mecca for video gamers. Famous players actually move here for the competition. On top of that, our exact location in Walnut, CA is prime for attendance. We are literally across the street from Mount San Antonio College and less than three miles from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. These schools have a combined enrollment of over 57,398 students. They need to come here. Your pledge will help this occur. The surrounding population is interested, too. In a detailed Facebook study, we learned that there are 168,000 people between the ages of 18 to 38 inclusive that like the games and activities we make available. All of them live within fifty miles of us. Your backing will help us invite them over. Your support will help make sure that first-time visitors become regulars. And you will help our regulars become fans for life. We have a substantial web presence In order to exist at all, you pretty much have to be on the internet. And that’s exactly where we are. The amount of views our current blog receives absolutely stuns us. It’s heart-warming to know how many people want to read about how we’re doing. The view count is so high that Google thought we were cheating. They denied us monetization because they couldn’t fathom how a new blog got THAT MUCH attention. Your backing will help us direct that attention to our new website. We will put that web presence to better use Our current blog will move to our new site. And the traffic it receives combined with all the activity on the Stream Channels will benefit relevant advertisers. Your backing will make it easier to book digital space on our website, stream pages, and commentary green-screen backdrop. We will sell exclusive shirts and arcade stick parts on our website as well. We are networked in the video game industry If you’ve ever heard the phrase “It’s not what you know. It’s who you know.” - that describes Super Arcade to a tee. As we mentioned at the beginning of this post, video game manufacturers like CAPCOM, NAMCO, and SEGA holds events and location tests right inside our doors. People that work in the industry come in to play regularly. They want us to succeed and they support us every time cause it makes sense. This is our chance to earn more of their support. Because of that, we need YOUR support. Here is how the money will be spent Everything you generously pledge goes toward only the items listed here: Construction Floor Walls Bathroom Lighting Furniture Console Stations Stream Station Display Counter Chairs Games Every listed title we do not already have The Membership System Card printing Card Swiper Card Swiper Integration Programming Membership System Programming Branding Logo/Identity design Membership Card design Website design Reward Merchandise design Reward Merchandise Founder Cards Apparel Sticks Advertising Physical Media Facebook Commerce On our website In the arcade We can’t grow into something better without you. Please pledge generously. The rewards are nothing short of awesome. You’ll get the cool stuff listed on this this page and you will help preserve the arcade way of life for everyone. Thank you, Mike Watson Hello Everyone, Long awaited update. I apologize for not following up on here as I assume you guys would know to get updates on our other social media outlets. Please follow us on twitter at : @SuperDojo on facebook : <url>"Fighting Game Community," I am back in town and ready to begin renovations immediately. Many people have asked how long it will take and when doors will be open again so I will give as best an answer as possible. We are aiming for the first week of August and possibly having a re-opening party on the 8th to celebrate. We will have many pictures up to show the daily progress and their will be an instagram account for all everyone interested to keep up with everything. Once again, thank you all for your support and I will be updating much more often until renovations are complete. For those who contributed, please keep an eye open for emails requesting various information pending which tier pledge you participated in. Time to get to work now and talk to you all again real soon! Michael Watson It's been a while since we last updated this project. Aside from all the tedious work required and planning that has been going on, we have finally finished our logo for the backers who will be receiving a t-shirt: I will be sending out emails soon to all of you who supported us and are waiting for this shirt requesting your shirt size preferred and address I can ship to. I am also still working on the details of our "backer plaque" and most importantly waiting on a reply of how many characters max we will be allowed to use. Soon as we find out I will be forwarding that info to all of you and at that time you can decide on how you would like your name to appear on our wall. For those of you asking, we will be allowing you to use your gamertag as long as it is appropriate and there will be 0 tolerance for any type of slurs or usage involving a derogatory play on words. So along with emails that are going to be sent out within the next couple weeks, we have the largest fighting game tournament in the world to look forward to that is going on from July 11-13, then immediately after that we will start our remodeling process on July 14th. Hopefully we can get everything done within the original estimated time frame of 3 weeks and get the doors back open for you all to enjoy. Thank you again for all the support and see you here soon! Michael Watson Thank You to all of you who helped us achieve this goal. Without each and every one of you this would not have been possible and we here at Super Arcade would like you all to know that we are extremely thankful and appreciative of all the love and support that was shown to us. Now that you have done your part it is up to us to bring you the product we promised from the get go. In case some of you didn't get a chance to read our entire project and goal thoroughly, we will be starting our remodeling process on July 14th of this year and have a realistic goal of completion 3 weeks from this date. If you have any questions feel free to call us, send us a message here on kickstarter, or send a tweet to our twitter account "@SuperDojo." Once again, thank you very much for all your help and support. Hopefully our efforts to improve this establishment will make everyone proud to be a part of this project and hope to see you all here at the arcade sometime very soon! Thank You, Michael Watson So with the help of everyone and a late boost from Twitch.tv, Super Arcade's Kickstarter has now reached it's first stretch goal of getting a brand new sign. I know this wasn't a popular stretch goal but it was definitely needed. I will be shopping around a lot more in hopes of saving as much money as possible on all the items we need so I can put them towards other necessities. Thank you once again for all the support from everyone and who knows..... now that one large company has stepped up to the plate maybe others will follow! We will be running a live stream starting roughly at 3pm on Friday 5/2 (tomorrow) and answering all questions via skype or stream chat. If you are interested in participating please tune in tomorrow for all the updates and entertainment we can provide! *stream link will be provided tomorrow both as an update here and through our twitter @SuperDojo Thanks, Michael Watson First off I want to thank everyone for helping us achieve this goal. What once seemed an insurmountable task has now become a reality. We posted our first stretch goal for an outdoor sign that seemed somewhat unpopular with the fans and I apologize. So we have now added some goals that will hopefully be more fan friendly and benefit both the business and our loyal customers. We will be making our final push to hit our goals. Thank you all for joining us on this ride and talk to you all again real soon! First priority was to obviously gain funding to start on this mission and with everyone's help this goal is now complete. Big thanks to all of you who supported my ideas and efforts and thank you for having faith in me to get this huge project off the ground. As mentioned, everything will get started the week right after the largest fighting game tournament held in Las Vegas named "Evolution" and hopefully take only 3 weeks to finish. So stay tuned for more updates and keep playing all the games you love! Michael Watson So from the requests of many backers we have now added a stretch goal. With our current goal of $44,000 sitting at 90% we have now added a new goal of $52,000 that will allow us to directly change the appearance on the outside of our lovely establishment. For those of you who have been here since the beginning, you will know that the sign outside once read "Super E" at night and suffers from old age. So if we can reach our new stretch goal, this sign will not suffer from this fate and the final touches of remodeling will leak to the outside as well. Thank you all for your continued support and more updates will be coming soon! So for those of you who don't follow us on twitter @SuperDojo, here is the art we are working on for the 2nd batch of sticks in our tier 6.1 rewards. The 1st batch is still being kept secret but we promise it will be awesome. Also, since our goal is getting very near we are going to be adding a few stretch goals in hopes that we can make even more improvements to Super Arcade. Stay tuned for another update coming real soon! It was a tough choice to make and also difficult to achieve, but we have now added more custom fightsticks available as a tier 6 reward. Just to be 100% clear, the people who purchased the first 10, those sticks are not the same as the ones we are now offering. The original 10 sticks are extremely rare and there will not be more than 10 made, so if you were an early bird you are not getting punished here. The new sticks are still dual modded and also designed with our new Super Arcade logo on them, but these sticks have a completely different casing than the first run. So for those of you who wanted a fightstick, here's your chance to grab one as 10 more are now available! **note: this is the final addition of sticks to this campaign so once these 10 are gone, we do not have the capability of having more manufactured.** We have also added an extremely rare item thanks to one of our loyal sponsors Arcade Shock! Capcom released a very unique item in celebration of its 30th anniversary. Here's the description direct from their website: "Exclusive Street Fighter Cell Phone Sticker/Screen Cleaner. 22 Characters to Choose from. Price is for Each and this is for the single character pack. Choose your warrior. <url>" So there you have it, 2 more added rewards, project 65% funded in less than 72 hours, and excitement is building all around. Thank you all again for helping us and being a part of this life changing project. And once again, momentum is very important with these things so if you can please continue to spread the word it would be greatly appreciated cause without all of you, we would not be where we are today. Thank You! Michael Watson With all your support we have now reached over 50% of our goal in just a little over 24 hours. What an amazing milestone to achieve in such a short amount of time. The support you have all shown is the very reason I stay dedicated to my work and if everything keeps up, Super Arcade will have a bright future thanks to all of you. At the launch of this campaign we had a tier 6 funding incentive in which you, the donors, would receive a limited edition dual-modded custom fightstick. Well this bonus was so popular that the 10 sticks we originally designed sold out in a matter of hours. At this time I am working on adding more sticks that will have our new "Super Arcade" logo and theme, but I need to work with our manufacturer to confirm if it's even possible. These added sticks will not be exactly the same as the original 10 offered either because that just wouldn't be fair to the people who grabbed the deal first. So if you are looking to get one of these cool sticks you might be in luck! Stay tuned for more updates as they come in. Thank You, Michael Watson There actually has been updates via our blog and through twitter. I apologize to those who have no been updated as I have sent and replied to every message and email I have received. For those who don't follow our social media, we are almost done with our remodel at the new location and the backer plague will be posted there. In regards to t-shirts, we are still working with teespring to make the process 100x easier. We are paying teespring directly and will provide unique redemption codes for you guys to just log in and place your order that has already been paid for. Thank You for your patience as this relocation process has taken an eternity. If you have any questions feel free to send me a message and I will gladly answer them in a timely manner. Just posted an update for those of you with many questions. You can also see what improvements we did make by looking at our instagram <url>~!! It's like a patch update we ALL want. ♥ Keep the dream alive...let's go Super Arcade! It would be sick if you could add a skeeball machine to the mix when you reopen :) :) Super has reached it's goal! Congrats!! I just paid $90 as I live in England but I was wondering if you can use Abhi and then my surname you will see someone sent money where the first letters for my first and surname is A B and the A has the word Abhi from the beginning. Hope to visit next year or 2016 at the very latest Just pledged. Hope to keep the place open, Mike. Best of luck to you. Never been able to make it to Super; donated so that I can still have that chance when the schedule works out, and keep events going in the meantime. Wattson, there wasn't a place to add a note so for my 50$ donation, please put on the plaque "SoCal Injustice Community" - chef boooom It was a sad day when Toronto lost it's last arcade to some random clothing store. A part of me died inside that day, as I made a significant number of my friends there. I hope this does not happen to Super Arcade. Best of luck Mike, and I look forward to seeing your plans come to fruition. Halfway there! Let's GO. Thick Asian Squad We still need meter. Spread the word yo! Better get a spotlight for the stream seats. Pressure. Good luck. We don't even live in Cali but we gotta support the FGC. Gotta do it. Let's keep this alive! For the love of Super Arcade and Mike Watson. C'mon people let's exceed this goal! DODONPACHI!!!!!!!! Best of luck, Mike! Let's do this. We have the money, we can rebuild. It will happen. Super Arcade Hyper Fighting Dojo II This user's account has been deleted. We need a spirit bomb. Can't wait for this to happen!