FOR INTERNATIONAL BACKERS, IT'S ONLY $10 EXTRA TO SHIP 1 SUSHIQUIK and ONLY $15 EXTRA TO SHIP 2 SUSHIQUIKs SO PLEASE GET 2! :) FOR THE OTHER PACKAGES CONTACT ME FOR SHIPPING REALLY NEED YOUR HELP! WE ARE ALMOST THERE WITH 3 DAYS TO GO!! WITH YOUR SUPPORT, I KNOW WE CAN MAKE IT, SUSHIQUIK STYLE! :) Hey there, thanks for visiting my page! My name is Brice and I'm an entrepreneur based outside of Washington, DC. It is my goal to help the world be healthier by rolling their ingredients, SushiQuik Style! So please, with your help, I can make it a reality! What is SushiQuik? SushiQuik is a lot more then just sushi, it's a lifestyle, it's a healthier way of eating. Whatever ingredients you like, you can roll them with SushiQuik. We designed it so that anybody can use it, even kids. Guaranteed to work the first time! One of the hardest things to do as a beginner is spreading the right amount of rice. Our solution, the training frame, which helps keep the nori sheet in place and measures the exact amount of rice needed. Spreading the sticky rice is also an issue, but with our non-stick paddle it's a breeze. Then there's the cutting of the roll without cutting your fingers, which is all solved by our SushiQuik Cutter. Before you know it, you'll roll like a Pro! Once you get the hang of it, you'll be able to make rolls without the training frame and in all shapes and sizes. Completely dishwasher safe! We wanted the roller to be super easy to clean, so we designed it to be completely dishwasher safe. We also designed the tracks on the mat to be detachable, so just snap them apart and throw them in the dishwasher, it's that easy! SushiQuik Complete Starter kits Designing the worlds best sushi kit wasn't enough, we also wanted to combine it with the best ingredients. So we put together an awesome Starter Kit, which comes complete with the following: 1 SushiQuik Roller 1 (2lbs) bag of premium sushi rice 1 pack of 10 delicious nori sheets 1 bottle of rice vinegar 1 very cool soy sauce bottle 1 tube of wasabi which taste as good as fresh 1 tube of ginger that also tastes great! 1 (8oz) bottle of roasted sesame seeds (trust me, this one lasts!) 8 pairs of chopsticks 8 rubber chopstick trainers, that help you get the hang of it! Add a super cool, easy to use 6 cup rice cooker for only $20 WE NEED YOUR HELP! We want to do more then just roll sushi, we want to change the world! We want to build a fun, healthy community around rolling ingredients. Obesity, and especially childhood obesity is close to our hearts, and so we want to reach out to kids and get them having fun rolling ingredients in a healthy way. The production costs for SushiQuik are high as it requires 5 different injection molds to make it, not counting the material for our first order and shipping costs. That's why we need your help! Also if we are able to raise enough money, we hope to build a life size version of the roller and set the world record for the biggest roll. We hope that this will help bring awareness to a healthier way of eating! Look! We even designed the end caps to be soy sauce holders! :) I WANT TO THANK MY TEAM! Getting this far would not have been possible without my SUPER talented team. They are all great individuals and I am honored to work with them! (and now for the free plug..... be sure to contact them if you need help with your project!) Website Design and Logo: Britt Dowell at www.bedesigned.co Product Design and Engineering: Bojan Smiljanic at www.smiljanicbojan.com and Frank Michaels at www.tradewindresources.com and Terry Traser at www.traserdesign.com Photo and Video: Kurstin Roe at www.roe-photo.com and Gaby Herbas at <url>"I Want That", you can go to our new site www.sushiquik.com to check out the TV VIDEO on our home page. Also, we just launched on Amazon Canada and it would be AWESOME if you guys could come leave a QUIK review on our new page...here is the link: <url>#50362877 ALSO, I really need your HELP with Amazon. If you haven't done so yet, please follow the appropriate links below to leave a review. It would be a HUGE help! If you bought the SushiQuik roller, please go to this link: <url>"sushi kit" in Amazon, you'll see that ugly plunger looking device as #1, which is total crap, trust me, I tried it while we were developing SushiQuik. So we need YOUR HELP to be #1 on Amazon and YOUR review will go a long way! If you bought the SushiQuik roller, please go to this link: <url>"The Dockster" is certified in Patrol and Explosive Detection. Working with 4 dogs in my K9 career, two narcotics, one explosive and another FEMA Rescue Dog, I simple love what I do. I must since I decided to go to Iraq, Kuwait and now Afghanistan to search for explosives. Docki was excited to know that a dog friend in the States sent a hello :-) I watch your link everyday to see how the funding is going and reading the comments and updates. Thank you for your idea, design and offering such a great product for us to fund. Really would be AWESOME to blow by 30% before the end of the weekend! So please help me spread the word to get there!! THANKS AGAIN!! Hey Everyone! Reading the very cool comment from Gerry below, made me realize that I needed to explain my approach when I priced for KickStarter. I wanted to make sure that my backers would get a SUPER SWEET deal for helping me out at a HUGE discount. I think FREE SHIPPING is a huge deal on this one because it's not the smallest thing to ship and the box is quite large. I also wanted to make it SUPER attractive for people to buy more then one, which is why I priced the add on at ONLY $25. So, this bring me to the begging part! :) All of you have friends and family that you REALLY care about :) So why not buy a couple more, and surprise them for xmass!! It's one of those rare times in life where you get to create a win-win situation, they are happy cause they got a SUPER cool SushiQuik, your happy cause their happy and I'm happy cause everyone's happy and I hopefully get funded! lol So help make the world a HAPPY place :) by jumping in and ordering a couple more! At $25 u just can't lose!! :) As always, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND FEEDBACK! :) Gerry's comment: Am posting this comment because the first thing I do before backing a project is look at the comments... so this is addressed to anyone thinking of backing this project... look around you at all the sushi bars and Japanese restaurants. Ask yourself how many people serve you sushi when you go round to their place to eat. Probably, close to none. Yet so many people love sushi! So why do people not make it at home? I've made it, and it's dead easy with the right ingredients (which are easy to come by - a good fishmonger will know the date their fish was fished, and whether it was frozen immediately or after landing, or remained unfrozen... and you don't even need raw fish). But too much sticky rice ends up all over the the places it's not supposed to get (including the kids hands and faces!). And the first few attempts inevitably end up limp and unimpressive. So imagine the market for a device like this. It's huge. HUGE. A $30 pledge is nothing (compared to some pledges that I see on Kickstarter). Go ahead. Pledge :) And for the record, I don't even know Brice Leconte! But having started up my own start-up, I know how important it is for more than just financial support. So pledge away! Here is a very cool blog and plug from Sam at In the Capital! Please share it with others. <url>"Pledge away!" :) THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT!!! U guys make this process special! You the man Gerry! Thanks so much for your support and kind feedback! It's because of you that I created the Update today! So you rock! Really appreciate all your help in getting us funded! Many thanks! :) LOL!!! One of our backers suggested this dance: <url>ïc from Belgium Got mine today! Had to pay VAT, and the UK's Royal Mail charged a handling fee that was more than the VAT! But who cares? I HAVE SUSHI! Thanks again, Brice, for a terrific project. Now... how about the perfect microwaveable rice steamer... :) I love my SushiQuik! The product quality is really good and it's an easy and fast way to create delicious sushi! I made 5 rolls in less than 30 min. Next thing to buy is a rice cooker. ;-) Using a pot and the stove is a little bit annoying. Received my SushiQuik today! :-) (Germany) I'm in mexico, everything is ok! I will start to do some sushi this week éclaircissement d'après la poste; c'est parce qu'il a été envoyé en tant qu'objet commercial. --> a éviter la prochaine fois. i'm from belgium and i receive it today but i'm not happy at all ! i pledge 30 $ + 10$ for shipping. but when i received it , I had to pay $ 30 more for VAT in Belgium and customs clearance !! so please, next time, take someone else than USPS ! thx before. just received it:) (Netherlands) I am from belgium and same you i have not received it yet but don't worry, it will come. i hope during next week. I am in the Netherlands and I haven't received it yet. Should I worry? Any international backers who received their kit yet? I got my kit today, but is there anyway to get another sushi cutter/template I stepped on mine by mistake and it snapped. I got too excited and started reading the instructions while the kit was still spread on the floor. I got my kit today and it looks awesome, nice little surprise when I got home from work. I'm in FL. I didn't get ant shipping confirmation, but I have receivedf my SushiQuik today!!! It looks pretty slick and I'm going to have Sushi tonight!! Anyone who got his shipping confirmation yet? Can't wait getting my SushiQuik! :-) Yeah, great! Any updates when you start shipping? :-) I think I forget to pledge for international shipping can you please let me know? and if so how can I do that? Sorry :/ Re; Chicken Roll or Steak Roll... I find it intriguing that people are unaware of these because they are very common ingredients. Teriyaki chicken and beef are staple choices for take out in NZ and Australia, for example. They're also widely available in Canada/the US (at least on the west coast). Yeah, that's a great idea - I've already started to think about how I can make "pizza sushi" or some fun recipes for the kids like a peanut butter and jelly roll. Lots of possibilities - thanks! This is an interesting product - I showed it to my wife, who loves sushi, but she decided to pass on the SushiQuik. I don't like sushi at all, but the pure genius and simplicity of the design of this product (and the reasonable price point) made me intrigued enough to back it. My prediction is that once my wife gets this, she'll be glad I changed her mind. Looking forward to getting this, maybe I'll even change my mind about sushi! :) For the $30 pledge level, it says free shipping to Canada, what about us American backers? Also, when will we submit our addresses for shipping? By the way, this is so great. I'm in college and love both eating and making sushi, however, it is a little inefficient in terms of space to have my huge wooden sushi rice bowl and mats in my room. Thanks for coming up with this idea! Congrats on making the goal....now I cant wait to start making Sushi at home with my SushiQuik! Since the project will be funded and I have already backed it where can I go if I want to add 2 more to the order? sorry this is my first time doing this. "To who every posted our project on Reddit, thank you!! You truly are awesome!! :)" You're welcome. I will accept a shoutout on Twitter as payment ;) @thebobhatter I hear that cooking the rice is one of the hardest parts, does the ebook have tips? Just bumped up to a double. My mom doesn't really like sushi, but my brother does. :) Congrats dude ! bingo:) Congratulations Brice!!! Woo Hoo!! Great job Brice and congratulations!!! Congratulations on reaching your target!! Bonjour Brice, J'ai ENFIN réussi à participer à ton projet. Tout juste s'il ne fallait pas donner la date de naissance de sa Grand-Mère... C'est vrai que les Français aiment râler !! Bon, c'est pour la bonne cause surtout que Didier et moi n'aimons pas du tout les sushi. Nous préférons le coq au vin avec des cèpes et les paupiettes de veau. Bises, Marc My gf and I grabed a two pack. It looks really cool and we hope you make your goal ! I've posted on neogaf , beyond3d.com and torocast.com to try and help out a bit. Come on guys...I really want my SushiQuik! Only $2535 to go! Its official, I broke my KickStarter virginity by becoming a first time backer. I can't wait to get my hands on the SushiQuik. My wife + I love sushi, but hate when we receive our bill. We are trying to cut back on eating out as we have a one year old, and diapers are just expensive as sushi. I think this product will save us A LOT of money by making sushi at home. I have one of those wooden things and it just collects dust because sushi was so hard to make, but with this product it makes it look simple. Can't wait until I receive mine, thanks for inventing the SushiQuik! Am posting this comment because the first thing I do before backing a project is look at the comments... so this is addressed to anyone thinking of backing this project... look around you at all the sushi bars and Japanese restaurants. Ask yourself how many people serve you sushi when you go round to their place to eat. Probably, close to none. Yet so many people love sushi! So why do people not make it at home? I've made it, and it's dead easy with the right ingredients (which are easy to come by - a good fishmonger will know the date their fish was fished, and whether it was frozen immediately or after landing, or remained unfrozen... and you don't even need raw fish). But too much sticky rice ends up all over the the places it's not supposed to get (including the kids hands and faces!). And the first few attempts inevitably end up limp and unimpressive. So imagine the market for a device like this. It's huge. HUGE. A $30 pledge is nothing (compared to some pledges that I see on Kickstarter). Go ahead. Pledge :) And for the record, I don't even know Brice Leconte! But having started up my own start-up, I know how important it is for more than just financial support. So pledge away! Can you please post a video of your sushiquik dance? Brice, congrats on getting 20% so fast, lets keep spreading the word on this great project and I agree if you keep doing pushups the backers will keep coming ! :) Due to your very quick response, I've altered my pledge. I'm in for $55 -- so you are now at 20%. Now, look into that blue one for me ;-) Well, you have just earned yourself my second backing -- I need one of these bad boys. I look forward to this product coming out, hopefully we reach the goal. And in addition to the color comment, I think blue would look pretty cool. Like the light blue for all the buttons on Kickstarter. Nevertheless, KickStarter Green is pretty neat as well ;-) hello, i think the black, grey and something as "orange" would be great ! thanks. voilà j'ai commandé mon sushiQuick ! bonne m**** pour la suite :-) comptez-vous proposer des couleurs différentes ? from Belgium Great idea. Have you looked at whats out there? <url>