-- GripTech is a small company focused on creating products that are both innovative and pure quality. The owner, Dominick Carducci, a recent High School graduate from Nation Ford High School in Fort Mill, SC. Instead of planning out a beach trip to celebrate finishing High school, Dominick decided to start a company. GripTech is exited to bring many excellent products to the marketplace for people to use and make life a little bit more enjoyable. - With(left) And Without(right) Money Clip -Dangerously Awesome --The CarBone has a 100% Carbon Fiber structure that is held together with industrial grade bands. The Carbon Fiber has a thickness of only 1.2mm. We believe this is the perfect thickness to give you a slim yet extremely rigid design. The bands can stretch to 4 times their original size and still return to its original diameter. Together, these two design elements come together to form a wallet that not only hold your cards and cash, it actually grips them. Using this grip to our advantage, we have created a design that is low tension yet holds on to the contents as if they were glued in. On top of these two amazing features, The wallet also blocks RFID signals. As soon as you pick up this wallet you get the feeling that it is indestructible. --The CarBone is Precision CNC Routed from a partner in in York, SC. --The Low Tension Design allows us to push the limits as to what the wallet can hold. -The CarBone can hold as little as one card And one bill as show below -or the CarBone Holding 30 Cards! -With room to spare. -And 40 Bills! -Black And White -Blocks RFID #1 GripTech Designs Tee Shirt #2 (Early bird) and #4 --CarBone Without Money Clip #3 (Early bird) and #5 --CarBone With Money Clip --Color Bands- Add $2 and which color you would like Hey guys- Heres a picture of the color CarBones. Im getting small amounts of the wallets shipped every day. This is due to the fact that i brought all the august wallets into the post office at once an the lady almost had a heart attack. The rest for august will be going out on monday and tuesday :) -Dominick Hey Guys- The wallets came in two days ago and i taking a quick break from assembling them to share with you the news that my website is now up and functional! Heres the link- <url>😡 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Ya. :( Wonder if his girlfriend knows he can't be trusted. His Facebook says he's in a relationship. <url>"all wallets were mailed." 6 months late and no contact. If they were really shipped; he'd have given tracking information. So unless you received tracking info, no reason to believe anything was shipped. Hey guys lets get this one on the books Www.kickscammed.com go check it out and lets get this project on there. I have not received anything yet either how can he say he shipped them all out to his backers when here we are asking to get a product that we helped "fund" Forget 2 weeks after the most recent shipping promise, it's been 6 months since the end of the project!!! Dominick, If all that is false then why do you not post updates, not return e-mail messages and are still taking orders on your web page? This user's account has been deleted. I have the same idea as Jesse, there is no way you have delivered all wallets back when you said, because unless they are shipping from the moon, some if not all of us would have already received them. So if you did really ship them, when did you ship them and be honest. Still hoping to get this product. Oh... You respond when someone says you're probably selling them off to other people, but none of the other times... You also sent them out a few weeks ago, but I have yet to receive one... Even if shipped from NYC to JAX by 4th class mail, it should only take 3-4 days to get here... - Backer #16 for a 55$ Early Bird... This user's account has been deleted. <url>"Here at GripTech, we believe in bending over backwards for our supporters and thats how it will always be." Last update was 13 days ago.. he said he'd ship every last wallet 11 days ago.. and nothing.. unacceptable.. what are our options at this point? *Kristen sorry @kriste Maclean yeah if you scroll all the way past the pledge levels there is an option to report this project Is there a way to report this project? It looks like there isn't much that can be done. *unclear Everyone should report him. Non communication and the status of the project is inclear Same here, no wallet. Wondering if they have all shipped as well. For your feedback on what to improve I would have to say the bands for sure. They are breaking far too easily. Update? Did they all ship on Wednesday? Hello? Any update did they all go out? Did some of them? Been almost a week and no update. So did any shipments go out? It's 7 PM Eastern.. maybe some confirmation for this? I have not received my wallet either. This guy is just giving us the run around, and is not honest with his backers. I am fed up with this kid Dominick Carducci on December 9 Hey guys, I will be sending Thursday's shipment out today. It's delayed because I got sick and to boot, it's finals week." Now there's more to be shipped out??? This user's account has been deleted. Nothing here, either. Just checked my mail and can confirm that I have NOT gotten it!!! This user's account has been deleted. Total crap, the wallet isn't that great all you guys you're not missing that much � This user's account has been deleted. Have the rest been shipped out yet? Have you shipped any to the UK yet? You haven't replied to my messages. Have you shipped any to the UK yet? You haven't replied to my messages. How many do you have left to send? I still haven't gotten mine doubt I get it before Christmas even. Cool.. do you have tracking info for people? OK... You had your week off from school... Did you give us any updates or leave comments for us??? No... Did you send out any of the wallets??? Wow. First project I choose to back turns out to be like this. Completely unprofessional. No message from you in ages, and no sign of any shipments arriving. You haven't replied to my last two private messages as well and all this just looks like you're absconding. My experience of crowd funding has become extremely sour thanks to this project and I don't know if I'll ever risk backing another one. So when exactly are they being shipped now? Thanks, Dominick... I was actually starting to get worried... Well, Mooninite, now he hasn't logged in since the 28th of Oct... If you click on his name in the comments he's left, it's one of the stats that pops up... It's been over 3 weeks since his last apology, has anyone gotten theirs yet??? #107 here.. 4 months and no delivery.. and yes.. my first time ever backing a project.. highly unlikely I'll ever do this again.. I was going to give a few as Xmas presents.. guess that is going out the door as well.. Has he also not logged in since October 13? This is hands down the worst experience i have had backing a project. I can only imagine if this is your first backing a project. Trust me this level of unprofessionalism is not common. Just bad luck i guess This user's account has been deleted. I will sell mine. Brand new red Carbone. I have dark blue bands, light blue bands, and yellow bands. Email <email> if you are interested. Any news on when or how shipping is going? so... has anyone gotten theirs in the past two weeks??? FOR SALE: 2 Carbones. 1 slightly used black with green bands, 1 brand new with clear bands. Comes with 4 extra bands. $25 each. If interested, drop me an email (Address in my profile) I'll make an eBay listing for a smooth, secure transaction. These wallets aren't my thing. Backer #31 here... no delivery yet. and in the US This user's account has been deleted. So we just keep getting apologies but no ETA on when they will "go out" LAME BRO! I'm backer #6 and I still don't have mine. Where's my wallet, Dominick?!? It'd be nice to get a comment from him like, "Just got settled into school and looking for a job to get money to ship out the rest... I'm really sorry guys, and I'll definitely be taking my friend to Small Claims Court to get my money back, but that will have to wait until the Summer and I'll only be able to ship out a few each week..." - something like that would make me happy... Well I'd be up to help someone out if they want a black one. Backer #67. I've gotten zero. Zilch. Nada. wtf? I don't really care what color I get, I would just like to get it. Mine says backer #80. I was number 125 and i got mine about 3 weeks ago. Only problem is I didn't get the colors I ordered. And now I don't want to send them back because I doubt he will send back the correct ones. It would be nice to actually get what we paid for... @ Grant just looked #94 but no order it looks like Oh, ok. No order to who's getting them. I am #1. I have not seen it yet. I was #15, got in as an Early Bird, and haven't seen it yet... @Mark Kennedy if you view your pledge it tells you what Backer # you are. I'm just wondering if he's shipping these in any kind of order. It's been 10 days since he logged into Kickstarter... Has anyone tried to contact him through the Griptech website and gotten a reply??? i Don't know what number i was but i was a early bird reward @Mark Kennedy. What backer #are you? 12 days no response is not a good sign..... I did get my wallet guys so hold out some hope Thank you Dominick. With so many kickstarter campaigns going south lately, I feel that I can no longer support these people that either over promise, or blatantly lie to people. With your first excuse for non delivery, I gave you the benefit of the doubt, even if it seemed far fetched,I gave you a chance. But now with deliveries supposedly happening but only very few actually reporting actually getting them, I am convinced that maybe kickstarter is not a good place to put faith in people actually delivering on their promise. I am very surprised with you because between the different campaigns I felt you were legit, but now I am left with a bad taste in my mouth. I hope I still receive my product but future business with you and kickstarter might not exist thanks to you and the many other failed campaigns I have been a part off. Only advice i can give you, if you even care is be honest and communicate. Hi Dominic I have yet to receive my wallet any idea when it will ship? Hey Dominic... I saw you're shipping.. do you have a status for individuals on this? I am glad to hear additional people have received theirs, however Even at only ten a day (half of the 20+ you said you would do), only counting Monday to Friday, from the 26th of September on, I would think they would be mostly all be shipped by now. 14 days times ten per day equals 140 total and by my count the kickstarter had only 135. Where are you at on getting these all out? I'm not sure what order in the backer list I was, but I got in on the $55 Early Bird... Working for the USPS, I know it only takes 2 days for Priority Mail to get across the country, even when sorted by hand... Don't feel bad for a Window Clerk if you show up with a lot of packages at once... I received my 3 wallets but they were the wrong color now I'm scared to send them back because I don't think they will ever make it back to me. This user's account has been deleted. Dominick, I still haven't received my wallet. Can you please give me an update? Hey Dominick, you stated that mine had been delivered on oct,1 or 2 but I have not received it. Most deliveries in the USA don't take that long. Just double checking, cuz I had stuff delivered from China 2 days after that and I have received those things. Thanks in advance for your support. Thank you for the reply Dominick, can you give an estimated time when you will ship the international orders as I subscribed to your original promised estimate for August delivery and we are in the middle of October now. Your response is giving the impression that you are taking care of your promise for September US orders as well before the international ones. I have left 2 comment asking for an update but there has been no response. Can I have an update on my wallets? I am glad some have received theirs. Are they still being shipped? I'd also like to know the status of my wallet since I'm backer #6. Thank you. Also wondering the status of mine. Dominick, Can I have an update on my wallets? I am in the August delivery schedule. Great news on deliveries happening! Wondering if I could get an update on if mine has delivered, thanks! Is there any update on when the Red wallets were shipped? Received wallet. I like the design and will have to work with it a bit. I started to change out the bands, stretching them quite a bit, and none broke. I would agree the bands appear to be the weakest link in this product…wonder if o-rings or some other band would be stronger? But then sacrificing flexibility. I have four cards and 5 or so bills in it now; after working with it in real life for a few weeks, we shall see how the bands hold up. Yea I have had four break on me and a fifth on the way Ive already broke 5 bands this wallet will never hold up with these weak bands like the design but a bit to fragile Dominick, Can you update me whether you have sent the wallets to me. So I have had my wallet for a couple of hours now. I have broken 3 bands already. 1 changing the color, and 2 others just opening and closing nowhere near the maximum. It seems the edges of the wallet are cutting the rubber bands. I think the wallet has good design, and could be used by me in the long term, but the bands are going to be an issue. 2 dollars per set of bands is way too expensive. If I have to worry about the bands breaking on a regular basis, that's going to be a problem. Dominick, you should really think about providing at a lower price, or giving us a link to a supplier if they are going to break as often as this. This must have been very obvious in any environment testing you did with these wallets. I am going to have to buy a pack of loom bands to see if those will work as well. Well, thanks for the update! I'm happy to hear that shipments have begun, I will remember that I am waiting for news about euro size as we had agreed before the end of the campaign. Because € are bigger than $ and I can't use the normal Let me know if you still produce a European version or should we agree to refund. Thanks Thanks Dominick for getting the shipping going! Cant wait to show this wallet off! I'm sure that will drive some more customers your way. In the comments you assured me that I would be getting one of each color but today I received 3 black? Awesome good to hear. Will you be shipping 20 per day until they are all shipped? Another delayed not exactly surprised. My wallet is long since done and have my card and cash in a bare rubber band. May have to go get the other wallet I originally planned on at this point. Just to back up some of the other pledges, If I could request my pledge back I would. Dom, my question (doubt it will be answered) is there is 118 backers, 118 shipments. This wallet is not complicated to assemble, it should have only taken a day to assemble pack and ship. How did you have time to launch your website to get more orders but not ship the ones you had? (Not sure I believe the friend thing as this was never mentioned until now, even if it was true he is working FOR you and is your responsibility as an owner/acting manager) You also had time to re-post the 3D printed wallet a second time before this project was even completed. You raised $7647, minus the kickstarter fees and your cost of good sold. Shipping should only run around $230 so while its frustrating I get that but I am not sure that $230 should be this fatal to shipment dates. I really doubt your cost of materials was anywhere near $7000 My advice, if your friend story is real, have him fedex or UPS overnight them and ship them by the weekend as we are all frustrated and sick of waiting and excuses, maybe throw in a few extra sets of bands (they probably cost you penny's and could go a long way). Customer satisfaction to a start up is EVERYTHING because advertising needs to come from word of mouth. No one here is satisfied or pleased, and I highly doubt anyone is going to tell there friends at this point to go and grab themselves one at this point. I know at this point I probably would not be. Mr. Carducci, do not take us for fools--you are being untruthful. Do you understand you are asking us to believe you when you say you have been misstating the situation for one month? We should believe it is true that you have been lying? Can you see the lack of credibility in such a claim? Your story doesn’t add up. Postal workers don’t “almost have a heart attack” when people bring in 30-40 pieces of mail—the most for the early August shipment. I have never heard of a return on shipment due to the labels used. It is surprising how well the Post office can deliver poorly-worded addresses. And ALL of them returned? You indicated your move to New York was delaying shipping, but would “resume very shortly.” If the shipments were with a friend in South Carolina, why would you even think to say the move was delaying shipping? And what could possibly cause them to “resume”? You attempt to bolster this falsehood by stating “things have been very hectic as to be expected when moving,”--wouldn’t this be irrelevant as the person who was allegedly doing all the mailing had never moved? This latest excuse sounds like the fellow on the psychiatrist’s couch saying, “This isn’t for me, but I have a ‘friend’ with a problem…” When…of course…it is really the fellow all along. We have been questioning the shipping since August 23rd—one month. If there was such a “friend,” wouldn’t you have severely questioned this “friend” regarding the continual questions about shipping? Now the Backers are finally talking to each other and it is coming to light no one has received any wallet whatsoever. I do believe one thing you stated—the money for the shipping costs has disappeared. It has “disappeared” into another expense for you. And these constant delays are your desperate attempt to obtain the funds through another source to avoid the avalanche even you must see is coming. No more excuses. Time to beg, borrow or plead the funds through every means available to get these wallets out. I cannot, in good conscience, act until after September 30, 2014 as the Kickstarter provided an estimated delivery in September and we are still…technically…in September. But on October 1, 2014, I will use every means available to report these actions to the every possible person at my disposal. I understand you are young, and this is a learning experience. I strongly suggest you learn customers tend to be very forgiving as long as we are informed with the truth. But if caught in a misstatement, the consequences for a new business can be very long-term. Here is some advice Dom. we don't want your excuses. we want our product. if we were able to do it i can guarantee most of us would cancel our pledges. there's no excuse as to why you STILL have not shipped these. NONE. this was your project, not your friends. sorry to seem harsh but your running a business. its about satisfying customers and you're doing a horrific job at it. Are you kidding! I've had friends like this, one excuse after another. Sad, sad. Yo buddy. Get your head out of your ass. This is bull. agree, if I did this to my customers I wouldn't be in business anymore. I wouldn't mind the delays if it didn't feel like we were getting the run around. Assuming they all really did ship and got returned how is it taking so long to send them back out. I was the seventh backer for this project. I to was a backer for the regional dogbone that did not fund. WHERE IS MY WALLET ?? This truly reflects not only on the maker but on Kickstarter also. What shipping rate was used? Feels like standard ground 20-30 days.. Anyone get there's yet ? I backed this the the day that it was available (I backed his original Dogbone wallet and he sent an update telling us about the Carbone) I still have yet to receive mine. same, some should have deff. made it to there destinations now. I am curious if they are actually shipping Curious if anyone has received one yet and their thoughts... Thanks for the update, have you any good news about the euro version? Thanks for the update. Any news on shipping status? Amen Dakota. Bring on some info for crying out loud! Ok, many of us have been asking for updates about our purchases. I'd imagine a business especially an upcoming one would inform the customers (your source of profit) of the status on our orders. I'm not business but I'd assume that customer satisfaction is a most to keep a business afloat. No one is asking complicated questions. Can we get a confirmation that the wallets shipped please? *ate my current wallet Will wallets ship today for sure? I need mine... My Great Dane are my current wallet this morning :/ Is there a way to track our packages Really not trying to sound pushy but my wallet is pretty much done. When will / did the august wallets ship out? Would be nice to have dates so we know when to expect them possibly. Any new updates Looking for shipping update, have they shipped or not? Same as everyone else, that is why I logged on was to look for shipping updates. Last one was all the august orders should have shipped already. Wanted to make sure because my post office and UPS enjoy delivering my stuff to other houses an amazing amount of time. I, too, am curious about shipping update Shipping updates ? Dominick, do you have a shipping status. Im anxious to get this bad boy. Any update on shipping information? Seconding Chad's request to see the Red and Blue ones. Also have any shipped yet? Can you post pics of red and blue wallets yet? Any updates? Can't wait to get my hands on a red CarBone! Is that all of the wallets coming right away? Including the special blue and red ones? Sweet great news I'm excited. My old wallet is falling apart so hopefully I can get this one before I'm forced to buy a new cheapo one. Awesome news!!!! I can't wait! Is this thing on? It's been over a week since Kyler asked about an update. Is there an update? :) Any update? Do you have a twitter or something we can follow for updates. I also answered the survey without knowing the colors can I change them to medium blue from dark blue I have responded to the survey without knowing the colors, now I want to change from 2xdark blue to 2xmedium blue I had sent this as a message, but it might apply to several other backers: Questions about band colors... 1) My pledge comes with either black or white bands, but there's no choice in the survey to tell you which. How should I do that? 2) I paid for extra bands and need to choose colors. BUT, the color names in the survey don't seem to match the photo in the project (e.g. the photo has two greens, one neon and one not; two blues; and none that seems clear). Will you please post a photo of the color bands with the color name associated with each so that we can make the "right" choices. Thanks Thanks for the quick response Dominick. :) Hi Dominick in update number two you said there would be two adtional colored carbon fiber to choose from if it hit $5000 which it did . In the survey I received it didn't have any choices of additional carbon fiber colors . Will there be another survey ? I had pledged $145 a couple days ago for the $125 reward option so I would be able to pick 1 black, 1 red, and 1 blue. Is this option not available anymore? And on top of that a measly 9 backers got all the blues. How have all colors been selected through? You said you would send a survey to see what people wanted but sounds like only some are going to get what they want. And there was no update or email to say first come first serve on colors? I wanted green, if not that then blue, and now you say all that is left is red. Yeah, Mark, I was thinking of upping to the $125 but to then also add $10 for each in color... never mind. I'll stick with one. Can you please clarify this situation for us then. we have to commit an additional 10 dollars per wallet for color and we do not know the colors yet ? also u stated they cost an additional 10 dollars but as a reward they cost 5 more for color editions. Can you please advise why this has changed to a additional price so i consider keeping or canceling my pledge Why is it 10 dollars more for a color. This was not mentioned in the reward unlock I picked the 125 package based on what you wrote that you could pick from two additional colors there was no mention of additional cost. @creator. Thanks, those were the two that I meant -- one for red, one for blue, and the previous ones for black. So, those then are the three color wallets from which to choose. I see that you added colors besides black at $5000, but I did see any mention of the cost until your comment below. Where did you say how much it was? So it's $10 extra for a color unit unless you choose red or blu because those are $5 extra as pledges... Right? Sorry one more question, how much would I need to add if I wanted different colors for those 3? Like a red, blue, and black. Does the 125 option of 3 wallets come with money clips? And if not how much do I need to add in order to get them? So, although neither black nor white bands are shown in the pic of extra bands we can order, we CAN order those two colors too? Perhaps including a list of color names that we can add to our pledge would be helpful. And, looking at the various pics here, it sure looks difficult to put some of the bands on. Here's hoping you've got some great instructions. Could we buy an extra kit of replacement bands adding $ in our pledge? How much? If the bands wear out or happen to break how will we get more once the project is funded? Will you sell elsewhere online? Back to the bands... If we don't hit the next big jump in funding, and buy a band, is it a complete set for everything (including money clip)? And, how many bands in a full set? Thanks Ya, now that I see the red, I think I will change my vote to green and blue as well. I'd vote green and blue I vote for blue and red Great to see the CarBone reach it's $5000 goal!! I'm really pulling for some green/black carbon as a new color!! Hi, I like the concept of the CarBone very much. But I think there is still some room for improvement. In compare to the DogBone there are too many bands attached to the money clip. There are even 2 unused holders for attaching another band. I think this is to much and makes the design overcrowd. Maybe it is possible to offer an alternative money clip design? I like the simplicity of the DogBone. Maybe it is possible to copy this design from the CarBone? Maybe the money clip could be attached by 2 screws to the main clip? I know there will be less space for bills, but I think most people don't need 40 bills in there pocket. ;-) Regards Ingo Any idea what kind of carbon fiber will be used? 3k 1x1 or 6k 2x2 etc. Congratulations for hitting the goal! One question. How durable are the rubber bands? I doubt they will last more than 2 years, because they are used a lot. Maybe as stretch goal you could include a second set of rubber bands? Best regards Ingo I am assuming you add 2 dollars per color you want then at the end if funded we pick the additional colors then?