Edit: Thank you all so very much! I am quite floored we went from zero to funded overnight! Words cannot express my gratitude except to say you are all what makes e-sports great! Lets keep the donations coming in. Remember the bigger the budget, the longer we stay in Seoul. We want to make this as amazing as possible! Edit 2: I have been getting a ton of international shipping questions. If you would like a shipping quote send me an email at <email> with your full name and mailing address. Please be sure to include your country in the subject line. Thanks! Sons of Starcraft If you play Starcraft 2 then you know Tastosis, a team of two nerds casting video game matches and living the good life in South Korea. What you may not know is how they got there in the first place. How did these guys drop their lives, move across an ocean and become one of the most influential casting teams in the world today? How do you get to sick nerd baller from just plain nerd? That's what we want to find out. THE IDEA: We want to live with professional Starcraft 2 casters Tasteless and Artosis for one month in Seoul and document their lives. We're going to tell their story, how they met, how they started casting, the risks they took to get to Korea and what they went through when they got there. A secondary narrative will parallel Tastosis story with the stories of other pros who have also risked and sacrificed to get to the top. The thing that sets this project apart from other films of its type is that we get to live with our subjects. We will have 24 hour-a-day access and get to film them at ANY time. Why are You Doing This? There is no more enthralling, magnetic and or wholly new thing today than the Starcraft world. It has become more than just a game to follow or an economy to build. It is a culture, a family and a philosophy. It is a top down game that spawned a bottom up society, where the stars are the fans and the fans are the stars. We want to show what its like to live the life of a Starcraft heavyweight in the world epicenter and birthplace of modern professional gaming. Where is My Money Going? All of the funds will be used for production costs such as: - Hiring professional post production, sound, graphic design people and a translator - Purchasing equipment, lights, lenses, hard drives, gels, stands, umbrellas, light meter etc. - The Kickbacks pressing dvds, making posters, creating a site to download the film and buying t-shirts -Travel expenses like plane tickets and food while we are there -The plan is to stay for one month but depending on funding the stay can be longer As it stands we are ready to make a bad-ass Youtube video. With your help we can make a piece of gaming history. Thank you, Jeffrey Alejos Director of Photography ****Video from Tasteless here: <url>~ Never got a poster Hello. I just returned to kickstarter to back a different project and realized I never received my poster for this. How does one go about getting the poster? $350 wasted. Did not receive any goods and, as I understand it, the film was aired for free. As a $1k backer, I had hopes for this project... a hard lesson learned. I got exactly NOTHING out of my pledge, not even any of the physical goods. I am very sad and disappointed at this project. What a waste of $55... Estimated delivery: Oct 2012 Almost two years late, and no news/updates at all. What a joke. People don't even want their stuff, they at least want some semblance of progress or anything at all. It takes two seconds to post a twitter update or ANYTHING. So uhhh, any news on those posters/the film? Where is my poster????????? Still nothing. Really disappointing. Nothing.... Did anyone even receive any of their pledge incentives? I understand the $5+ were supposed to be listed in the credits but as far as I know this didn't even happen. What happened? agreed, WE deserve at lease an explanation... We donated money and made this thing a financial reality. There were numerous delays with no explanation whatsoever. It is then released entirely for free, with nothing provided to the backers in terms of thanks for being there first. It was never made apparent that the entire thing would be released for free, many backers here don't even know that the entire thing has been released... So here's the question, where the are the other promised things like DVDs and posters? Looks super dead Travis. Couldn't even finish the project after he'd committed to releasing it episodically, even with the extra year and a half he took. will i ever get a poster? or is that not happening? I got over it being over a year past the estimated date, but are you going to be showing this movie in parts before you ship the final product to the people who pledged 20$+ to this on kickstarter? If I knew it was going to show up free to view I would have never pledged enough money for a full copy Any updates on this project? There's been no official word for months? Proposing a change to the title from "The Sons of Starcraft" to "Tastosis: The Early Years". so it´s not done yet?! Happy 2 years since successfully gathering $42k in funding....... What's the status of this project? They have spent months and months in post production, yet they cannot update us on a regular basis? i seriously cannot believe how long this took to make. I'm just waiting to see how many players changed teams since this was filmed. Spring has been and gone. Butthurt is setting in. And what is with the stuff (poster, t-shirt, ...) we bought?! When does it arrive? I am verry disappointed! You want OUR money and you dont even talk about the projekt, some updates, release dates, content e.t.c.. Maybe time for a quick update before the Sprint release? Nevermind - I just noticed the update saying Spring 2013. So, uhh... how's that movie coming? So, how's it going? when will we get the movie download? wanna watch it, NOW! :( A recent interview with Tasteless informed us that filming is complete and the project is in editing stage. Any updates? it's been over 6 months since the last update. Anything you can share with your backers would be great. It's been a few months since we had an official update here. Is there anything new you could share with the backers regarding time line or what you're currently working on? Thanks :) I'm so excited about this documentary! I can never get enough Tastosis :) Pressures on now!! This better be good with a 40K budget. I own the domain name tasteosis.com if you want it for this. I'm not going to use it I just bought it because it was available. If not I can transfer it to artosis or tasteless if either of them want it. super excited for this to come out. and cant wait for my poster to eventually get here :DDDDD Pretty sweet guys. So everyone that backed it paid up? Congratulations guys! Where's that API, Kickstarter? I'd love to see how many unique accounts/first-time pledges were made to back any given project and as an added bonus, a visual of how many other projects those accounts funded over time, like Kiva's ballistic microfinance visualization (<url>♥ Good luck!! What kind of bonus footage can we expect? 35 bucks for a signed poster?! Yes please. THE MERGING IS COMPLETE. signed poster by Tastosis? <3 This project has raised $2500 since I first looked at this page three hours ago. Good lord. i think it stops by 100k $ 55$ for this! eat a pizza for me ;) or some korean chicken @Zann probably will not go up in the same ratio but if I were to bet money on this, I would say it will reach 36k aprox. btw: I wonder what happends with the ~19.000*20 days to go budget overflow ALLOFMYMONEY. Well, as "all of it" can be on my student conditions. Still, signed poster and copy of the movie is worth EVERY PENNY. @Andre haha me too but then I also wanted to see the movie on a DVD + it has "a ton of special goodies including a photo essay as an insert and some other surprises as well." $35 for the encouragement and proliferation of e-Sports! 17 hours? Tastetosis must not have been using their full power. Completely funded in like... 17 hours? Holy crap. At first I was like: just gonna donate, I don't want any of these... WHTF a signed poster? I support eSports! :) SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! <3 I went to luch, and you raised another 1000. DAMMMMMNNNNN $16, 114 so far and its September 2nd. Way to pace yourselves through the month. I hope the LimitedDVD is signed aswell :D+ Would've given 1000$ if I had them I want that signed movie poster! It'll be the shrine beneath my bed where i worship the two true gods of starcraft! There's no way this isn't hitting 18,400 dollars. Got my pledge in! Totally got my backing, can't wait to see the end result. I hope that you will reach much more then 18,400$, so that you can make it even more kick-ass! Thanks for doing it in the first place! oh yeah Great project! Made a user on this site just to donate! I hope this gets advertised by casters so the goal will be reached pledged my drinking money for this week because I'm jealous I didn't think of this first. totally going to get way more money then needed. The question is why didn't I hear about this before now??? man tastosis will have a lot of signing to do it seems =) What are you going to do with the extra cash? This will definitely get over funded (like SMBC recently experienced, they hit 512% of their goal). I am pledging for eSports and also to facilitate my progression into nerd baller-ism. Yeeee! I did my little part in helping eSports :) If you don't pledge you're destroying esports. "- Hiring professional post production, sound, graphic design people and a TRANSLATOR" John as the translator = all of my money, take it! So stoked on this. Backed it as soon as I read the tweet. Can't wait to see this! Can't wait to receive the undying love of the two sexiest nerd ballers around! A very reasonable budget. This will happen in no time. :) Just pledged my valuable Australian dollars...ESPORTS! Yessss! Also say Hi to Nick for me sometime when you get a chance! I am totally behind this.