Thanks for looking! Pilot's Hi-Tec C is an incredible pen! If you have used one, you know what I'm talking about. If you haven't, then check out this great review from the folks at JetPens, a retailer for fine pens: <url>"give" if you push hard while writing. The design is simple, smooth, and incredibly strong! This is the type of pen that will outlast you that you can give to future generations. In order to bring the machining cost of each pen down to the level that a mere mortal can afford, we need to order at least 100 units and have a goal of $5000 in pledges. Depending on the pledge amount, the X-Pen comes with one of two bases. For the $50 pledge, the base is a 2"x2" acrylic cube. It looks clean and offers a great home to your pen when you are not using it. The base for the $70 pledge is also made of cast acrylic, but is wedge shaped and has a black bottom that will be laser engraved by us with your name, company logo, etc. You can just send us a .jpg image as to what you want on it. Share our passion for fine writing instruments with your pledge to this project. Thanks! P.S. The MSRP for the regular base unit will be $75 and the engraved version will be $95 once the Kickstarter project is complete. P.S.S. We just added an option for the pen with a cap (see update #2). Now for $50, you can get the pen with the cap, OR the pen with the cube base. I'll put some specifications about the cap on shortly... For more information, check out Update #2, but here's a picture of it: For all you nerdy types out there, here are some specifications on the different pledge options: Hello again! I just posted the C-Clock project (it took them almost a week to get it up), and it can be found at <url>’s been a while, but I wanted to give you all a “thanks” for supporting my past Kickstarter projects. I appreciate the feedback that we received from many of you with regards to the X-Pen and the Fling catapult. Please know that version 2.0 of the pen incorporated all of the changes you recommended and we have an incredible pen that we sell through www.desktopkandy.com . I just submitted another Kickstarter project, and it’s found under the heading of “The C-Clock” (I like the one-letter theme prior to the product…) The link is <url>’s a clock face made out of carbon fiber with brass accents and clock movement. It looks incredible! It comes in two flavors: The Classic, which uses a single cut piece for the outside layer (so it’s the uniform “twill” look that people associate with carbon fiber), and the Unique. The Unique is different in that it uses reclaimed carbon from our manufacturing processes for the outside layer. Instead of sending leftover material to a landfill, we can use it for a one-of-a-kind clock that looks incredible. We’re only going to make a run of 400 of these clocks, and each one of them is completely different than the next. They also include an atomic clock movement, so there is no need to adjust for daylight savings time. Either one of these would be an incredible addition to your office, and would complement your pen or catapult very well. Please take a look at the project and provide some feedback. I submitted it on Tuesday, and it should go live today (I'm hoping) or on Monday. I would greatly appreciate you lending your support to the project. Have a great day. Kind regards, -Kyle Kyle Kinghorn Citius Composites All: It's taken several weeks, but we finally have the parts and pieces in house and have assembled the next generation of the X-Pen. I sincerely appreciate all the feedback that we've received, and we took that information and created a better product. Here are some of the changes to version 2.0. First off, there was a little "play" in the cartridge with the first version that has been eliminated with version 2.0. It takes a little force to "seat" the refill in the tip, but it has a more solid feel than the first one did. Second, we added an o-ring groove to the tip and put an o-ring on it that allows for a better fit with the cap. Now, instead of just relying on the friction between the stainless steel tip and inside of the carbon tube (and the problems with tolerances) we have a flexible o-ring that takes up the play in the cap. It works well, and has a nice "pop" when the cap is removed. Finally, we sized down the back of the pen slightly, so that the end won't get stuck in the cap. All in all, we've made a good pen better, and we are ready for shipment. The website www.desktopkandy.com is active and can take orders, albeit we are still working on it's layout, photos, etc. Check it out... Again, thanks for your feedback. It's been a learning experience, but I feel we have addressed all of the concerns from before and have a better product as a result. Thanks again. All my best. -Kyle First off, thanks for all the feedback! Over the past couple of days as these have started arriving, I’ve been able to receive some great comments regarding the good and bad points of the design. Please know that I appreciate the feedback, and we really want to make a great product that you are satisfied with. I also realize that some changes need to be made on the next version before we sell more of them. This is part of the beauty of Kickstarter… We get a chance to try something out, tweak it a little, and then market it the right way. That’s what we’ll do, and hope the feedback continues. Here are a few points that I have taken in… First, I am realizing that there are some serious issues with the fit of the cap and the back of the pen. It’s amazing how something can fit SO well on a solid modeling program, but it doesn’t quite turn out that way in reality. We found more variance than I anticipate on the inner diameter of the carbon tubing, both on the pen body and the cap. The tolerances on the machined parts have been excellent, but if the body of the pen is even a 0.0005” over and the inside diameter of the cap is 0.0005” under, then we have a cap that fits too tight that can pull the back end out, causing the end of the pen to stay in the cap rather than in the body. The o-rings help, but there can still be issues. In short, the cap design needs to be addressed for version 2.0 of the pen, and I completely open to feedback. We can’t rely on the tolerances on the inside of the tubing for the “press-fit”, so it appears that we need to rely on some type of a screw-on cap, perhaps. Thoughts? Second, there is the issue of the refills not coming out very easily (or at all). Here’s what is happening… The tips of the pens are glued in with a 2-part epoxy, and if there is a little excess, it can make the refills harder to get in, and also get out. It may be an issue on some of the first 45 or so pens that we sent out, but won’t be on any of the others as we are using a long 0.25” drill bit to clean out any of the resin that is causing the problems. If you are one of the unlucky ones that is having a problem, by all means send it back and we’ll get you a different one. Finally, a word about the packaging… Dropping the pens in a manila folder and shipping them out is NOT how we want to send this product. However, a good package takes time (and money) to design and create, and we opted to get them out in the time frame that we said we would. Most of you understand that this is a Kickstarter PROJECT… It truly is a work in progress. We’re finding out some things that work, and some things that don’t. Given the feedback that we’re receiving, we’ll definitely re-design the way the cap works and have a better package before we start selling these at the “retail” price. It’s no doubt that they will cost more, but with a few iterations, we’re confident that we can get these problems resolved. Thanks again, and keep the feedback coming! -Kyle To all our great backers... True to our word, we started shipping the X-Pen out in January (okay, it was the 31st, but not bad!) The refills finally made it here on Monday, and I shipped out 50 units yesterday. We started with those in the U.S. that purchased the pen and the cap. We've got another 60+ units ready for shipment tomorrow, and we'll continue on over the next few days. They look great, and we're excited to get them into your hands. We hope you enjoy them as much as we have enjoyed creating them. Quick question: One of our backers mentioned that he was surprised that it didn't go bigger, and was wondering if part of it was that it mentioned the "Hi Tec C" refill (no hyphens in the name) instead of the "Hi-Tec-C" refill (with hyphens). Does anyone else think that may have been an issue? I would also love some feedback when you get them of what you like, what you don't like, and so forth. Because this is a Kickstarter project, I didn't spend a lot of time on the packaging--but who keeps a product package, anyway? I would appreciate, however, some feedback as to what type of packaging would be best for this. I'm thinking a custom, folded, laser-cut cardboard box of some type... Thanks again! It won't be too much longer until the X-Tylus shows up on Kickstarter as well... -Kyle To our most excellent backers... Greetings! I just wanted to provide a quick update on the status of the pens. So far, so good. All of the stainless steel machining is done and received, the caps have been created, the acrylic cubes are engraved (with the cool X-Pen and desktopkandy logo) and we're just waiting on the pen refills to get them shipped. I have also engraved many of the custom wedge bases. Part of the delay in sending these out is that these refills are hard to come by! The good folks at jetpens.com have been great to work with. The refills have arrived in California, and I just received word that they are being shipped here today. Once they're here we'll be ready to start shipping. To give you real-life proof of the progress, here are a few pictures: First, a whole bunch of pen caps... Here are some of the pen bodies: This is what a lot of cube bases look like... I like this next picture. We're doing a customized base for one of our servicemen in the Air Force, and it turned out incredible! Justin, I hope you like this... As soon as the refills come in, we're getting them on their way. You'll like them! Also, I want to put in a little plug about a Kickstarter project we'll be doing shortly... In the video for the X-Pen, I mentioned that we're working on an iPad stylus. We have our first working prototype, and with a few more little tweeks, we should be able to launch it soon. Here's a picture of the prototype. Have a great day. You'll be getting your product very soon. -Kyle All: I just got off the phone with the machine shop that is doing the stainless steel parts, and they are about 2/3 done. We already have all the tips here for the cap, and they just finished up the "back" piece of the pens. We decided to add a couple of grooves on the back of the pen for o-rings to get a better seal as we found that some of the carbon tubes have slightly different interior diameters. The o-rings get rid of play on some of the tubing that is slightly smaller, while still allowing for a tight fight on the tubing with the correct I.D. Here are some pics of the process for creating the back of the pen: First, the rough cut of the stainless: Next, the addition of the cosmetic and o-ring grooves: Here's the finished part, complete with o-rings: As the stainless parts for the cap are done, we have started making the caps for the pens. They look great! Here are a couple of pics of the finished cap, along with a completely finished product... So far, so good. We look forward to start sending these out shortly. Have a great day! -Kyle To all our backers... Happy New Year! I just wanted to give a quick update on the project. The stainless pieces are in the process of being machined, the carbon tubing is being cut and formed, and all the other pieces are on order (the bases, the springs, the pen refills, etc.). We are still on track to start shipping next month with all of them by February. I'll send some pictures out next week as we start getting parts and pieces here and the assembly starts. In the meantime, I wish you all a wonderful New Year. As a side note, we just finished prototyping our first Xtylus, the X-Pen version of a stylus for the iPad and other tablets (my wife loves it on her Kindle...) We anticipate another Kickstarter project in January. I'll keep you informed... Thanks again! -Kyle All: Thank you so much for pledging your support to the project. We ended up with just about $15,800 in pledges, and I sincerely appreciate it. Now, it's time for us to continue the work on our end and have some pens ready for shipment in a few weeks. I'll send an email to each of you to obtain your shipping address. Please include any other information I may need, such as: -logo to be engraved and the correct spelling of your name for those that ordered the customized bases. -Ink color preference (I'll be getting 0.4 mm in blue and black) -Any suggestions you may have for other types of products made out of carbon. This pen idea came from a person that backed one of my Kickstarter projects a couple of months ago, and we're open to other ideas! I'll be sending out photos and updates over the next few weeks to keep you informed. Again, I sincerely appreciate your support. I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas and a happy New Year. All my best. -Kyle Wow! There has been a flurry of activity in the past couple of days that has far exceeded our expectations for the project. We just hit $15,000, and it's still going. This is still very doable, though, as we have the shop space and capabilities to create these next month and stay with the lead times that we had suggested. We greatly appreciate all of the support to the project! We wish all of you a wonderful Christmas season, and hope that you enjoy these fine pens as you receive in January and February of next month. Merry Christmas! -Kyle All: I just placed the order to the machine shop to get started on the machined stainless steel parts, and we'll be starting on the carbon fiber bodies early next week. It's coming together nicely, and we are excited about creating the pens and sending them out to you. For those of you that ordered the pen with the customized wedge base, start thinking about what you want on it. It needs to fit in a triangle that is 4 inches tall and 3.25 inches wide (roughly 102 mm by 83 mm) with a resolution of 600 dpi. The diagram below shows the size of the area to be engraved. If you need some assistance, feel free to contact me at <email> and I can help with the design of the graphic to be engraved. I will have the actual file to be engraved approved by each of you prior to cutting them out. That way, you know exactly what you are getting (and its not my fault if a name is spelled wrong!) Thanks again for the pledges. Have a great week! -Kyle All: I just got off the phone with the good folks at the machine shop that we're using to machine the stainless steel parts of the pen (tip, back, cap tip). The material will be ordered at the first part of next week, and will probably take about 4 or 5 days to get there. Once they have it, they are ready to get the parts machined. The drawings have been finalized, and we are ready to roll on our end. On a side note, we just hit $11K. Thanks again for the support! We look forward to making these pens available in January and February. Have a great day. -Kyle To our most excellent backers... Thanks! We just hit 200% of our funding goal this morning, and we really appreciate it! We are "all systems go" on our end. We have worked out the final drawings for the machine shops and placed orders for the materials required to create the pens. It's going to be a great product, and we are excited to get them out to you. Keep spreading the word as we only have until next week (the 14th) until it closes. After that, we'll be selling them online, but for $75 each instead of the great deal of $50 you'll be getting. We finally received some material to work on the iPad stylus, and we're working on the mold and final design of it. Since it is so late in this project, we'll probably launch it as a separate Kickstarter project at the beginning of the year. I'll send out an email to all of you to let you know it's status, but check back in a few weeks. Thanks again to all of you for your pledges. It's fun to see an idea such as this happen. I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas! -Kyle Thanks to all who have backed us so far! We still have 22 days left, and we're WAY over the funding goal of $5000. We greatly appreciate the support. I'm meeting with the machine shop next week to get the parts finalized that they'll be making. We should easily be able to ship in January and February, provided that we can get the materials obtained. We will also be placing a bulk order for the pen refills in the near future as well. Many of you have requested black ink, so I'll get a mix of both. When we get your shipping information, please specify if you really want blue or black. We'll do our best to make you happy... Thanks again for the support. We look forward to making these pens in the next few weeks. -Kyle All: The X-Pen continues to be a success! In 10 days, we are almost 80% funded, and we still have 30 days to go. Thanks to all who have pledged so far, and keep telling those around you. This is a great pen, and we look forward to making them for you. Have a great week! -Kyle Thanks to all of you that have pledged so far. I started the project last Friday, and we're already half way funded. Keep spreading the word! I posted some new rewards today for the X-Pen with a cap at different levels (some with a base, some without, etc.). Be sure to check it out. Also, the great folks at JetPens wrote a review in their blog about the X-Pen. It can be found at <url>" long (~54 mm) and has a diameter of 0.459" (11.7 mm). Here are a couple of pictures of it as designed on SolidWorks: Looking at the machining costs and the cost of the tube, we can offer it for the same price as the X-Pen with the square base. So, for $50 US, you can get the X-Pen with the carbon cap OR the X-Pen with the acrylic cube base. What a deal, eh? If you have any questions, please don'e hesitate shooting me an email. Thanks again for your interest in this pen. You're going to love it. -Kyle Thanks to all of the great backers who have already pledged their support. I just went live with the project Friday afternoon, and we are already 30% funded! There have already been a few questions about offering a cap to this design. Will we? Yes. We're just working on the final design and hope to have another reward level by the end of the week to include a capped version. Please keep checking back for some updates. In the meantime, tell your friends, co-workers, in-laws, out-laws, and so on about this pen. I'm excited about it, and you will be as well when you have one! Have a great week. -Kyle Jordan: Sorry to hear you lost your pen! I would be happy to get you another one. I'm not actively selling them (working on a ton of other projects), but still have plenty of materials and could get one to you. Please shoot me an email at <email> and we can work out the details! -Kyle Big John: Thanks for the feedback! It's been a while since I made them, and it's nice to see it is still holding up. Big John: Thanks for the feedback! It's been a while since I made them, and it's nice to see it is still holding up. Cory: I'm sorry to hear about this! We were balancing a fine line between "too tight" and "not tight enough" with the cap, and found that even a .0002" difference in the diameter of the tip or plug can mess with how the cap fits. A pair of needle-nosed should be able to pull the end cap out and press it back into the pen body. -Kyle All: Jet Pens is the place to do it--that's where I'm getting the refills in the first place. (www.jetpens.com) -Kyle I'm going to be placing a large blanket order for the refills--they are pretty hard to come by! As of now, they will all be the same (probably 0.4 mm in blue), but if you have a special request, I would be happy to try and fill it. A lot of it depends on the availability at the time of order. I still use this pen every day and just love it. Thanks for such a high quality product! Hey Kyle, I've lost my X-Pen. Worst week ever. Is there anywhere that I can buy more? Do you have a website? Hi Kyle... Just wondering if there will be a Xtylus? 30 day update: LOVING IT!!! I changed to a 0.5 tip which works better for general writing for me. Thanks, Kyle, for a great pen!!! Have just noticed that the metallic base of my pen actually acts as a capacitive stylus for my iPad and iPhone. Has anyone else discovered this?! Was this always part of the functionality or have I just found and Easter egg of sorts? Have just noticed that the metallic base of my pen actually acts as a capacitive stylus for my iPad and iPhone. Has anyone else discovered this?! Was this always part of the functionality or have I just found and Easter egg of sorts? Troy, I am having issues with the hi-tec refill as well. From what I can gather, the only solution is to return it and wait for a replacement. Is anyone else having issues trying to take out the refill? I can't seem to get mine out and have even tried hooking the refill to pull it out, but no amount of force has made that work. Seems like it's stuck on something on the inside... Got it today. Great balance. Thanks! Yes! Just received my X-pens here in the Netherlands. They look great! I expected them to be more glossy for some reason, but the mat finish looks great as well. There are some minor fabrication artifacts at the ends of the carbon fibre tube, but it's part of the charm to be honest :) Great product, thanks! This pen is simply amazing! Thanks for following through with such a great product, Kyle. Thankfully, I have not had any problems with cap being loose or getting stuck (at least not yet). There is a little bit of epoxy or something on the cap though, any thoughts on what might remove this without damaging the pen? After an initial problem of getting a stuck pen end piece out of the cap I am in love with this pen. It just feels right in my hand - Congratulations on a job well done!!! BTW The cap was stuck at first use. I used a long shafted easy-out (normally used for broken bolts) to free the end piece of the pen from the interior of the cap after finishing that, I wiped down the pen surfaces wirh a very light machine oil and hand buffed it. No more sticking and the carbon fiber has taken on a 3D look to it. My piece had no extra glue marks anywhere. Now fits well together and will likely get taken by the office leprechaun if I'm not careful. The Pen is wicked. I love the look. Received mine today. Perfect! The base etching is outstanding. My pattern was very intricate and they did a great job with it. Bravo, Kyle! Pen is great! As far as showing off to friends - how safe is it to try bending? I assume it's too ridig to bend, but I'm also afraid to try! I still haven't received my pen. I am getting worried as you said the products were shipped more than a week ago. Were all of them ship out? Have all pens been shipped out yet? Hey Kyle: Thanks for such a great product... I have been using my pen for almost two weeks now and I am loving it! But I also have experienced the same issue Anthony V has. The cap is loose and as I was working I noticed the pen had leaked blue ink into the cap. I had not noticed this before because I was carrying my x-pen in my bag. I also cleaned the inside of the cap with a qtip. When I tried to take the refill out it got stuck and could not do it... Can I send it and have it exchanged as you suggested? What is the address? Hey Kyle: I was wondering if the shipments to Alaska were included in the first wave of pens shipped out. Haven't seen it yet. Thanks John I've had my pen for a few days and I love it. The weight, the design, the spring loaded effect are great. The o-rings work great and the refill slides out easily. The only issue I have is with the cap. Mine is quite loose, which is a problem as I have been bringing it everywhere, safely tucked in my front pocket. Then, after using the pen earlier today, I noticed a big blot of ink on my fingertip. It turns out that because the cap fit is loose, the tip of the pen presses against the end of the cap (inside) and leaks. Some got on the tip of the pen. I used a qtip to mop up the rest of the ink from inside the cap. Has this happened to anyone else? Is there any way to prevent it from happening? (besides not carrying the pen around with me) . I'm sure there's a fix to be had. Kyle, thanks for doing this project and making one seriously unique and very cool pen. Just received the X-Pen. Great product! I have no complaints. Like Michael Nickerson said, it's actually better than I expected! The back weight makes writing smooth, and mixed with the Hi-Tec-C refill, every writing experience so far is perfect. I'm actually pretty proud to own it knowing those around me won't have one! Congratulations on the great idea and turn-out! I am unable to get the refill out. Any suggestions? I received my pen on Saturday, and I think it's very good! It's actually better than I expected - smoother than thought carbon fiber would be, with spring action, and it seems to be nicely finished. I haven't experienced any of the problems reported by others. Thanks for the pen! I received my pen on Saturday and have been using it for a few days. Overall, I really like the pen but do have a few observations: I really like the feel of the pen. I don’t find the weight of the back of the pen to be an issue, but with the cap on the back is does add a little extra weight that some might find uncomfortable. I haven’t had any issues with the cap and the end of the pen. I think the reason for this is the the end was difficult to get back in as it is a very tight fit. I also didn’t have much trouble getting the refill, but it did take a little work. The cap fits well, but I don’t know if that will change over time. I really like the idea of a screw on cap, and prefer them, but I think that might change the overall design of the pen. As for the refill, I would actually prefer the refill coming out of the front of the pen, maybe if the tip unscrewed. This would also allow the back of the pen to be glued and a set of o-rings could possibly then be used in the cap for fit, or some other form of pressure fitting where you wouldn’t need to worry about the back being removed with the cap. The main thing I would change would be a clip on the cap. I know the original idea was a desk pen, but since I spend most of my time going to meetings and interviews, it would be nice if it had a clip so that it could travel in my front pocket. Of course I realize that this complicates the manufacturing. Finally picked up my pen and have been playing. Initial feedback: 1. I like the weight and feel of the pen, though probably being back weighted isn't ideal ergonomically. The pen is light enough it isn't an issue for my degree of us. 2. Aesthetically I like the fact that the carbon fiber pattern on the cap and barrel are different for contrast. Some people might want them to be the same, but I like the contrast. 3. The cap is already loose enough that if it rubs down it might become too loose, If so, I'll probably just put a bit of scotch tape along the inside of the cap for increased friction. 4. My refill comes out perfectly fine. Yay. 5. The tab at the bottom came out okay, but was a bit stiff putting it back in (better than being too loose.) I'm going to avoid seating the cap on the butt given the known issue there. 6. The glue used to attach the stainless head to the cap was applied messily and not cleaned up. There are a couple small epoxy spots on the cap, and one significant smear of it right by the stainless steel head. #6 is a bit disappointing as it isn't a materials issue. I'm curious if there is some way to remove the epoxy or whatever form of glue it is without destroying the surface of the carbon fiber cap. As for future design variants, I'd probably want the pen to load from the top or break open in the middle. Loading from the bottom will always pose risks for jamming especially with a pen with a sensitive/thin nub that you can't really put as much pressure on to pop out if stuck. A top loaded pen might also be suited if you do decide to use an insert with an outward thread so a future cap could screw on. It would also help balance the pen better, as it is a fine weight, but a bit back weighted. Anyway, thanks for the pen. I'm sure I'll get good use from it. If you have any suggestions on the cap and the epoxy/glue smear I'd appreciate them. Overall its a lovely pen With regards to the end cap on the pen. I suppose the best thing is for a screw in fitting instead of a press fit. Carbon fiber can't be tapped like metal, so maybe glue in something along the lines of this... <url>"kickstart" projects and bring them to market. My assumption all along has been that people needing backing are in various stages of design/testing/marketing/production for what SHOULD be products that will be out there in the world. I never considered that anyone would approach pledging solely as a shopping tool and then keep requesting updates to get the item as quickly as possible. Those projects which raise a considerable amount of capital above their "needs" (of which the X-Pen is one) should use those funds to further their vision - make the best product they can, test it judiciously, and send when (and ONLY when) it is ready. Sadly, I am finding this to be exception rather than the norm. That saddest part is that now I really have hesitate and take a long, hard look at WHO is posting projects and what their intentions are before I will pledge again. Each project that is put into a consumer's hand without careful thought, testing, and completion is a detriment to the Kickstarter community as a whole. Kyle, you did a great job with the initial concept and design, and have followed up nicely with updates. In retrospect, I can see that the cap idea came about only a few days into the project launch, and based on the comments already (splinters, stuck end caps) you probably should have taken more time to get that element properly situated before shipping. In short, this has been an opportunity to get it exactly how you want it sitting on retail shelves before shipping to us. We are your best marketing source! Hope you have learned more than a little along the way, unfortunately at our slight expense. I'm sure version 2 will be terrific. Thanks for the updates Cory. Does seem like a 1.1 design tweak'll be in order. Guess I'll need to be careful when capping mine when writing. *Hint hint* A swappable end with stylus tip might be a good solution as the curve should mean it is less likely to get stuck. ;) Crap, sorry, doing this from my phone, here's the picture... www.imgur.com/wRUF5.jpg Here's a picture of my stick cap solution... www.imgur.com/ciRKZ It was a standard dry wall screw, but anything just slightly larger than the whole would work. It doesn't thread in exactly like a screw, it just kinda wedges in there allowing you to pull the end cap out. Hey Cory- Any idea what diameter/thread screw you used? I don't have a pair of needle nose small enough and tweezers aren't gripping it well enough. Okay, got the end cap out... Needle nose pliers would work, if you had a pair of super tiny ones. I ended up using a drywall screw, threading the first couple threads into the bottom of the end cap and pulling it out that way. This issue may suggest a slight design change... making that end cap tapered or altering it's shape somehow so it doesn't get stuck in the pen lid, but you can still remove it to change the refill. My refill was stuck too. There's a little collar around the end of my (personally purchased) refill. So it's a snug fit in there. I just tapped the pen upside-down on the table with a good amount of force to get it out. I suppose an alternative there is to push a paper clip up from the other way to force it out. Another suggestion would be the ends of the pen. The cutting process has left some ragged edges. The end of my pen cap does not have that issue. It's smooth. I'm not sure if I just happened to get the end of the carbon fiber tube stock for my pen cap, of if the cutting process there was cleaner or different, but that edge is much nicer. I saw the comment on the included piece of paper about a sliver and laughed it off before I saw these ragged edges. Maybe it will be an issue. It's not severely ragged, just enough to notice. Okay, now that the flaws are exposed... let's get some praise in. These sorts of things are going to happen on version 1 of a product. Now it's on Kyle to make improvements for future products and releases of this one. But I did get two unsolicited comments about the pen around the office. They loved the carbon fiber look. I like the weight. I expected the carbon fiber to be super light. So I'm left to assume that the two ends are steel. I supposed I assumed they would be aluminum just to make the machining easier. Anyways, the weight is nice. Any how, I'm satisfied at $50, but before I'd be comfortable purchasing one at retail price, there's probably some issues that should be resolved. I think that's the point of kickstarter though... Good work Kyle. So I ran into the same problem as Cory. End cap is stuck in the lid. Also, the refill won't come out of the barrel so I can't swap it out. Any suggestions? Strangely, the only issue I seem to be having with mine is that after about a day, the cap started to lose its... grippiness. It doesn't hold as tight as it did as first, and if I don't manually twist it around so it catches, it doesn't hold at all. It's all fun and games until the end cap for the pen gets stuck in the lid. Any suggestions for getting it out would be appreciated. Does the top of the pen lid come off, so I could push the end cap out through the top? Just received my X-Pen, figured I'd drop my feedback off here. Love it so far, it has a good heft to it - though most of it seems to rest in the back, which isn't a surprise. There are a couple of small nicks and scratches on it, but I couldn't tell you if it came that way or if I did it, since I didn't exactly make a close examination first thing out of the pouch. All the little things really make it perfect though. The way it gives when you push hard, the snug fitting of the cap on both ends - they're what really make me love it. I think I might have to order five or six more. I'll definitely be keeping a close eye on the site in case some more awesome pops up that demands my money. Hey Kyle, how is progress, really curious :) Kyle- What are the chances of a friend who missed out on the kickstarter funding to purchase the pen? @Matthew: I've made several orders from jetpens.com and have been very satisfied with their service. Jetpens has the whole range of colors/tip sizes. Any idea the best place to find refills? A very interesting project and I'm glad Kickstarter design stuff is spreading all the way to Idaho (spent a semester at Idaho Falls back when I was an exchange student before I'd moved to the US permanently). Anyway, I pledged for cap+base option since I work in an office but also need a pen in meetings. You will also have my money when titanium tips will be available. The only thing that could make this pen better, IMHO, is a rubber sleeve to put on a barrel to make it a bit finger friendly (those type of pens were a life saver in college). edit: Wedge base, not cube. Congratulations on getting funded, Kyle! I'm really looking forward to seeing this pen in person. I love the Hi Tec C and I love anything carbon fiber. It's like that "You got your peanut butter in my chocolate - No, you got your chocolate in my peanut butter" commercial. I have my design for the cube base ready to go. That was fun for me (I'm not the most artistic fellow in the entire world). Good luck and keep us informed! Hi Kyle. Congratulations on a wonderful looking pen. I have pledged at the $65 level and added $5 for International shipping. Hope this is correct? The X pen got funded... Congrats!!!! I prefer black ink only and will not use blue pens. Can you create a pre- bulk order spreadsheet for the backers to check their preference ? Thanks in advance. Just a question- in your video you write down the different tip sizes, do we get to choose which tip size we receive, or is it one size for everyone?