The Dead Linger is a first-person zombie survival sandbox in which you can venture into a vast, undead world, surviving and exploring in whatever way suits you best. Can't pledge via Kickstarter? No credit card? Send us donations via PayPal! Click here for donation links! <url>"far" zombie proxy models. They will stay dead as a ragdoll should. - Zombies now have randomized clothing. Some clothing and gear now changes the way you have to deal with a zombie. - Major improvements to zombies after death. Zombie corpses are much less CPU intensive. Zombies now use about half the computation they used to when pathing about. - Zombies have loads of new animations, including multiple new walk styles and death animations. - Found the root cause of that weird zombie twitch when walking. That is now fixed, for the most part. - Fixed a bug where zombies sometimes did not stay dead after being killed. The correct kind of dead. - Zombies can no longer come back to life after leaving the area and coming back - Zombie corpses now go away after about 120 seconds. We will adjust this later, and we are still looking into various things regarding zombie corpses, such as infection risk, looting, and moving them about. - Zombies are a little more dramatic and generally turn towards you before they go after you. They feel a bit more natural now. - Fixed a bug where zombies were commonly getting hung up on corners. - Fixed a bug where you could 'kite' zombies backwards and they would never hit you. They're a bit more agressive now. - Reminder: Zombies can only be damage by getting hit in the head. All other locations are ignored. Knockback is still dealt, but no damage is dealt, unless it's the head. Inventory: - Huge improvements to inventory tooltips. Tons more information on items. Some items will say "0%", the tooltip just isn't hooked up for that specific attribute yet. - Tooltips can now be found on items when you look at them in the world - Option added to disable world tooltips entirely for more immersion, if that's your thing (found under Gameplay Settings) - Option to make world tooltips complex or simple (requires them to be enabled first!) - Right click on items in the inventory to bring up a context menu for that specific item. You can drop items from here, or eat a food item. - Item quality levels now properly display, but most items currently don't randomize item quality just yet. - Durability is in place for items, but it doesn't go down just yet. - Defense now properly reduces damage taken. - Defense now shows up in the stat organs and is explained there. Read the tooltips! - Many fixes to the way some items are held, including bug fixes on many items that weren't being held properly - Items can no longer be able to be stepped on by NPCs, Zombies, or the Survivor. You should walk right over them, but they should still have physics and be interactable. This makes navigation quite a bit less messy around piles of junk. - Stat Organs have been generally improved. - Stat organs are now black-themed instead of white-themed, more befitting of the theme of the other UI elements. - Improved grungey look of the inventory and stats. - About a dozen inventory items have received artwork and inventory icon artwork. - Tons of items now have proper inventory grid size, inventory icons, and world meshes World: - There is now a basic water volume in Kaizer Lake (the South, large lake), but you still can't swim or drown just yet. - A day-night cycle has been added. It is on a fairly fast cycle. 1 in-game day = about 1 hour. Night time will be darker in the future, along with more lighting improvements planned. - Many buildings have been added around Pepper Valley's south areas, but the majority of them are outside our containment zone for the time being. These buildings are placed on what we call a "Lot pass," which simply dictates where we plan to put things. This means leveling of terrain is not present in these areas and the structures are not intended for actual gameplay yet. KNOWN ISSUES: - Some animations are still missing, such as reload animations, some idle, and some melee animations, or weapons use the wrong animation. Feel free to report specific cases where these are missing. - Melee is a bit finnicky, and definitely will be getting some more love in the future. - Multiplayer is still a bit rough. The best (or at least, more bugless) experience will still be found in solo mode. That said, MP is much better than it was in Update 2. - Lots of other obvious stuff that Mathas can make at least 3 more videos worth of content with. - There may be some issues saving and loading graphics and audio settings, as well as your survivor inventory. These will be addressed. Thanks to all the survivors who reported these issues. The majority of issues fixed in this patch were reported by the community. :) Please continue to report issues in our bug report forum so we can track them and fix them; <url>"free time," I've also been getting the vlog ready, which requires a lot of audio and footage to get, all while still coding and testing in order to wrap up this build. We'll launch it the very moment it's ready. Back to you, Howell. Something Out There Out there, somewhere, or multiple somewheres, some places have been set up in Pepper Valley. Not finished, some new areas to explore have been created. As of this Weekly Dead, we aren't going to show it for now (Geoff wouldn't let me), and we will let you check it out when you get your hands on the update. We hope you enjoy it. Things Grant Did Done Grant's been creating some new first person animations and idles for the survivor, to better work with our new UE4 rig, and in general, to make things look right. Here's a quick glance at those improvements. Ignore the fingers, we're still tidying up weights from the Unity-to-UE4 rig transfer. That's all we've got to talk about this week. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! This week we are finally in the clean up phase of this update, tidying up code so that everyone can play together with all the new goodies and properly working inventory and network code. Aside from that though, we'll take a look at a a few other things that were made this week. XP Bar We've implemented an XP bar for our experience and leveling systems. Don't worry, it's not invasive as you can see here. Right now it's very rudimentary and has no true benefit, nor does it save, persisting only for a single session. Currently the level cap is 30, but good luck getting there. In fact, we'd love to see a screenshot of you reaching level 30 legitimately after update 3 is released. So far, zombies and animals give XP, but other players don't. Good luck! The Menu One evening recently, while Geoff was bored, he completely remade the main menu screen. Now it's amazing. Your survivor will be visible on the main screen, and it... Well, you might as well just see for yourself. Video games got boring, so I decided to make the menu move around some. @thedeadlinger A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Sep 17, 2015 at 10:07pm PDT Like I said, that menu looks amazing now. The final bit of work that wasn't finishing up the network code, was Geoff, Kate, and Mike doing a lot pass on Pepper Valley, planning out where more buildings will go. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors and welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead. There is not too much to show this week, but that just means a lot of back end work. Multiplayer and Networking Multiplayer has been a major issue in the game, as it is a major feature of the game and it isn't working properly. Over the past weeks we've been working hard at it, even working over the 3 day weekend to try different blueprints to get the client and the server to match up perfectly, so that playing on someone else's server online feels just like playing singleplayer. We've made good progress here, such as the various states of zombies matching between client and server. In the case below, death state. Dead zombies stay dead, for everybody. Always. And getting the client and the server to see each other wearing clothes accurately along with some work on getting clothing to not clip with other clothing and the survivor. Along with tooltips working properly for clients, and loads of other client-side stuff. Really, so much work this week went into the networking and multiplayer code that there is pretty much nothing else to talk about. But that's the point of this update after all, getting multiplayer working as smooth and perfectly as possible, and we're getting closer to that goal. That wraps up this week's Weekly Dead. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors, this week has so much...stuff, I can't really put it all into categories. This Weekly Dead will probably be a little messy, but we have TONS to show. Video Let's start with the mini-mini-devlog Geoff posted recently. <url>"outfit" system for Zombies. Uh, here's some Riot Zombies. @thedeadlinger pic.twitter.com/i8LvgM3Vrd — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 30, 2015 In obvious news, riot helmets are good at protecting the head. They can even stop lower caliber bullets. Oh, is that zombie wearing a riot helmet? Good luck! Survivor Clothing Here are some nice shots of survivors in clothing! Well, it isn't just that. Geoff has been going through all of the items and getting their meshes and on-survivor appearances sorted out after the move from unity. Here we have a cowboy bandit police officer, or this image is just showing all the head slots being used by each of the items. Here is a stylish wizard riot officer wearing a gas mask. Now this is showing full masks working on the survivor. This is a glorious shot of a man ready for anything the apocalypse may throw at him. Truly inspiring, I might just make this my desktop background. Since we are talking about clothing, we might as well bring this up. Due to extensive loot work, a lot of items now look like the item they are meant to be, and you can no longer get tripped up on them due to a new collision layer being made for loot like the clothing in the picture. Tool Tips The team has been working on tool tips and the action menu for the inventory. The action menu looks as follows. Onto the tool tips, they show now when you look at items on the floor. There are 2 flavors for this as well. The simple tool tips which are on by default. If that is not enough information for you, you can turn on complex tool tips (pictured below) in the options menu. And if all of that is too much, you can always turn off tool tips entirely. Ragdoll Physics We've started to include something people have always wanted. Ragdoll on zombies. I can't not laugh at this every single time. @thedeadlinger #ragdoll A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Aug 31, 2015 at 3:27pm PDT The zombie's death animation blends into this ragdoll to produce an effect similar to this... That shooting is courtesy of Geoff's jittery hands. It's also good to note that now zombies react to where you hit them. Shoot them in the shoulder and their shoulder will fly back, then you will curse your terrible aim and take another shot. Non Zombie AI What does that mean? Well there are plenty of things in (or will be in) The Dead Linger with AI that aren't zombies. Like animals. Today on @thedeadlinger : Turning rabbits into cubes. pic.twitter.com/AZ8gB9eqcU — Zag (@geoffkeene) September 2, 2015 It is interesting to note that this time around, rabbits will have different AI than Deer. This was not true in the Unity version. Oh, and there is also this chap, following a simple "Move To" command. This is very basic, and probably won't be in update 3, but it lays the foundation for AI survivors. AI survivors will come in 3 flavors. "Friendly" "Neutral" and "Fuck you and everything you stand for". That almost wraps up this week's weekly dead, except for this part about pain effects. The screen flashes red when hit, but only for a second, unless you are being hit repeatedly. The above image is what your screen looks like when your health is low. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors and welcome to The Weekly Dead. This week we, ah you guys know how the Weekly Dead works, let's just jump right in! Inventory Refactor Still on that huge inventory refactor we've been doing, reorganizing how items look and feel inside the inventory and how you interact with them, getting all of that wrapped up. This week we've worked extensively on adding attributes to loot items including defense, speed, infection risk reduction, fire resistance, and things like that. We've also added tool tips to the items, with all these attributes visible. Armor deals with durability differently than weapons, so you'll see much higher durability ratings on armor and clothing than weapons. Multiplayer We also have been doing a lot of work under the hood on multiplayer. Specifically things like door physics working correctly cross network, picking up and interacting with objects, and general consistency between client and host. Basically trying to get all the survivors on the same page all the time. Scenery We've got a lot of cool pictures to show off that I just don't know how to categorize otherwise. First off, we have a few apartments showing signs of previous survivor interaction. Pretty spooky looking to me at least. I mean, these images suggest that the bathroom for that apartment building is communal, and that's the spookiest thing I can think of! We also have some images showing off our day/night cycle which lets us change time of day, density of clouds, moon phases, and more. I could look at that sky all day. In fact, you just did! Other Stuff A few other things of interest were also made this week. Starting with, an FPS counter added to the options menu so you can see how changing the options affects your performance. and for our own purposes, a dev test center. This will allow us to quickly look at every item in the game, pick them up, and test them. It makes testing the items both easy and fun, and shows us at a glance which items need to be worked on. You can't read it in the picture, but the green circle that is visible says "Walk here to spawn ammo" and as long as the gun has an ammo type plugged in, just walking into that circle will spawn us ammo. It's a pretty sweet addition for us. And finally, new zombie animations. Click here to see them in action. That delay will be fixed up soon, but we thought you might want to see that animation sooner. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to this week's edition of The Weekly Dead, where we explain what we have been doing all week. Update 3 Update 3 will focus on 3 main areas. 1:Multiplayer and fixing small issues 2:Inventory and refactoring. 3:Loads of little fixes and additions that Geoff can work on in the meantime. Now, last week's focus was multiplayer, and this week has mainly been inventory issues, so we'll go straight to that for now. Inventory This was the delicious meat of this week's work, refactoring inventory. Tool tips have been created and work pretty well actually. For both items in your inventory, and your stat organs. Looks a little something like this. Items can now be dragged and dropped, much like one would do in Diablo. "Picked up an item in the inventory and put it down again, Diablo style. Yes yes yes. A very small part of the refactor, but nice. #TDL " — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 19, 2015 The backpack can also be closed with the 'Esc' key , a small but important feature. "This is working for the next update. Backpack will be closable with Esc key. @thedeadlinger <url>" — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 17, 2015 Finally, the survivor model, YOUR survivor, is visible in the inventory. It's a work in progress but it lays out the proper foundation. Clothing items you wear will be visible on your model in the inventory. The rest of the inventory fixes, tweaks, and refactoring was mainly deep coding and blue print work. Things like weapon and equipment sockets. Little Things and Bug Fixes Now onto the little things that have been worked on. Things like, fixing a typo in the credits screen, adding dev commands, making it so you can't open the inventory in the splash screen, and adding a button to click on the splash screen for clicky people. What does that button do? We'll let you figure that one out. Stamina now regenerates slowly when walking compared to standing still. It no longer drains while standing still and holding shift. Ladders have also gotten a little love. They now have a box at the top of the ladder that can detect whether you are coming up to it on the ladder, or off of it. If you are on it, you are placed safely at the top of the ladder when you hit the box. If you are off of it, you are placed safely on the ladder. A basic feedback form has also been worked on. Heavily in progress, so much so that it won't be in update 3 at this point. But it was something made and is worth a look. At this point, F8 will be the key to bring this screen up. Oh and the tool tips here are the wrong way around. A basic Celsius temperature gauge has been implemented. So now the rest of the world can know how hot it is in game. Finally, there is this baby. That will show your survivor when you click on it. Currently deciding if we'll load a save or load the main save to display it, but this also might pave the way for a 3D background in the main menu. That wraps up this week's Weekly Dead. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors to another edition of The Weekly Dead. Last week we didn't write one because Update 2 for the opt-in was released and we thought that would explain pretty well what we were doing. Things need explaining this week. Update 3 "So where is update 3," I hear you asking. Short answer, we're working on it. But you don't read this for short answers so I'll explain, first what update 3 is. Update 3 is mainly a multiplayer update and this week's main focus has been making multiplayer work better. Some work is also being done on the inventory. Multiplayer Multiplayer had some deep rooted issues that needed to be fixed. Over the course of the last week, Richard made it so that survivors can pickup, drop, throw items all in multiplayer, and he worked on doors for multiplayer. For back end stuff, he set up a system so that we can do a super fast startup of client/server single machine test debug. Basically, we can test mp on a single machine much faster. Inventory We've not been satisfied with the way the backpack is working right now. As the primary means of player interaction with items, it needs to be better. Due to this, Geoff has been refactoring the backpack all day to fix some stuff that need to be fixed. He's also plugged some new art into it. There is also this ... Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! If you have chosen to opt-in to B15-UE4, you should receive the latest update. Restart Steam to acquire the update if it does not download automatically. If you need information on how to opt-in, check out the Opt-In Survival Guide! Opt In Update 2 Patch Notes: - Due to large patch sizes, we have implemented a change to the way the files are structured. This change will basically force a re-download of the current opt-in, so this specific patch will be large (about 2.4 GB.) After that, future updates will be quite a bit smaller. - Clothing and gear now show up on the survivor when equipped. There may be bugs with specific items. Please report any that you find. - The inventory now supports 4:3 resolution much better than before, and is all around, more compact. - Added a "Drop Item Here" area in the inventory to show you where and how to drop your items onto the ground. - Items in inventory now retain their inventory grid-size when being dragged for much more accurate placement. - Items now show their proper name when being picked up. (Known issue: Sometimes names don't appear. We know the cause and it will be fixed.) - Pepper Valley now has some basic clouds in the sky. We will vastly improve the sky visuals when the day-night cycle is implemented. - Some additional buildings and rooms have had things added to them. This is some small prepatory work for larger scale additions to the world. We now have someone whose sole job is adding stuff to Pepper Valley. - Interiors are now much, much darker, thanks to some new AO stuff we've turned on, alongside various other graphical shader improvements. If something does not have a graphics option yet, it almost certainly will. Any graphics options that are currently grayed out or appear to have no affect will also be implemented in the not-so-distant future. Many of the important ones are ready and waiting for you! Remember; press V to toggle your flashlight. - Fixed some bugs with graphics settings not reliably working every time, or not properly saving their options. - If you run into issues, the graphics options file can now be found in %APPDATA%/Local/tdl/Saved/Config/WindowsNoEditor/GameUserSettings.ini. Some options on it are not available yet or are currently non-functional. If you mess anything up and need to reset your graphics to default, delete this file. - Fixed up numerous multiplayer issues but many are still present. Multiplayer is still fairly broken - we know. It will be our main focus for Update 3 and 4. - Fixed a bug where client survivors were not receiving a last known position in the world when joining. - Fixed an issue where the host would receive a death screen when a client died. Death and respawn is now network friendly. - Survivors can now access and change their Graphics and Audio settings in game via the in-game Escape Menu. (Press Esc or P) - Doors have doorframes and generally fit better in doorways. Much of the doorframe art is placeholder. For example, a store won't always have a wood trim doorframe. Easy to change later! - Fixed one of the bugs with zombies resetting or twitching in their motion. Another issue is known to be present with a twitch while walking and will be corrected soon. - Big re-factor of how Field of View (FOV) switching works. Mostly an internal change, but zooming and squinting should be much more reliable now. Zoom speeds may need some tweaking. - Scoped rifles now properly use the scope FOV. - Fixed some hand positions for certain guns, such as the Tundra Hawk and Mosin, which were previously floating at the survivor's feet. - Ironsights now use a constant FOV value, instead of subtracting from your default FOV. - Basic recoil is in on all firearms. - Rounds from guns now emit particle effects on impact, on all surfaces, survivors, and zombies. BlooOoOooOood! We will include gore settings later on. - Adjusted Survivor collision capsule. It was a bit too tall. - Fixed a bug where when Free Looking the mouse would overshoot the rotation of the head. - Scoped guns now use their scope zoom level when aiming. (No scope visuals just yet.) - Tons of items now look like the items they should look like. There should be a lot less untextured loot and you should see far less of those question mark boxes laying about. If you spot one, let us know! - Fix for a bug where survivor's would eat a food item and it would instead eat some other item in their inventory, including weapons. Yup... That was a thing. - Fix for a bug where survivor's would eat food and it wouldn't disappear from the inventory. - Small improvement to accuracy of the 'zombie hand' cursor used in menus and UI. - Probably a few other small things we didn't note. Thanks to all the survivors who reported these issues. The majority of issues fixed in this patch were reported by the community. :) Please continue to report issues in our bug report forum so we can track them and fix them. Linger on, Survivors! Wow, what a couple of weeks. Last week there was no weekly dead, due to The Dead Linger's opt-in of the UE4 build being released, and now we are at the 50th edition of The Weekly Dead. Let's jump right in survivors. Release Last week the big announcement was made. The Dead Linger made it's public debut in UE4. We at Sandswept hope you are all having fun with it! The game is far from complete, but now that it's in your hands you can see exactly what we are doing and can provide us feedback based on your experiences with the game. Check out Geoff's vlog. <url>"ue4optinbuild" 6) It should begin downloading! You must, of course, own Steam, and bear in mind this is basically the alpha of our UE4 version of our alpha game. We'll be deploying updates quite frequently! Which brings us to our next topic... Update 1 As said, updates will be rapid for the opt-in, and they already have been to a grand total of one, with another on the way! As for the first update, Kate, our resident bug-sniper, posted the features of the update here on our forums but I'll post it again below for the people who don't want to have to click links. Opt In Update 1 Patch Notes: - Build number has been iterated by one. All updates will do this. To check which version you are on and ensure you're up to date with this latest patch, look in the top left at the Build Watermark for a (1) next to the text Build 15-UE4. - Feature: Graphics Settings menu is now in place! From the main menu and in game escape menu, you may modify your graphics settings to your heart's content . We will expand on this menu and add additional options as we progress. FOV Slider is included, but has some bugs with its visual numbers. You WILL almost certainly want to adjust your resolution upon entering the main menu! - All missing or unknown meshes will now appear as a box with a question mark on it . If you see one, let us know what it is when you pick it up. If you can't pick it up (i.e. not an inventory item), then just let us know where you found it as precisely as possible so we can track it down and fix it. - Until we import all of the world meshes for clothing, all clothing of every type will look like a folded up gray checker shirt. - SK 63 Rifle can now kill zombies and deal damage. - Fixed a bug with all burst-based weapons. - Farmington Shotgun fires both shells in a rapid burst, and can now kill zombies. Careful, the rounds do spread! - Alpine Shotgun and Farmington Shotgun (the double-barrel) meshes were switched. Now they are correct. - Fixed positioning some on the survivor's camera. Guns and weapons should not be sitting as high on the screen now, and with less clipping in general. (Not all weapons have their proper holding animation yet, causing floating hands etc.) - Fixed collision on one of the beds. - Fixed collision on a bunch of the cars. - Bodybags no longer collide with survivors or impede survivor movement but should still block objects and line of sight. - 308 ammo box now has a world mesh. - Toothbusters candy bar now has an inventory icon. - Riot Shirt now has a temporary world mesh. - Riot Helmet now has a temporary world mesh. - Doors are now quite a bit lighter. Users with high DPI settings on their mouse may feel doors are bit too light. We will continue to tweak this or possibly add a door sensitivity slider in the future. - Fixed wording on bottom right Feelings Text when retrieving your gear from your corpse. - Fixed an issue where you would zoom in after eating food or right clicking on items in your inventory. - Inventory no longer closes when right clicking items that aren't food. - Probably some other tiny stuff we didn't properly record for the patch notes. Phew! That's some good fixings. I'd also just like to point out this wonderful submission by a survivor. @geoffkeene @thedeadlinger some box art for you. pic.twitter.com/PPTh27N6oz — Jeremy Thomson (@jeremyxy83) July 28, 2015 A big thanks to jeremyxy83 for our box art, I had one sensible chuckle upon seeing it. If you do happen to be seeing very pixely graphics, check that little Screen Resolution option. There's currently a bug where it may sometimes get reset to 0. We'll have that fixed in Update 2. Update 2 Speaking of Update 2, it's not out yet but it's on its way. The main things to be fixed in update 2 are as follows - Multiplayer fixes. - Loads and loads of loot items are getting their proper art now. - Some minor work on clothing working on survivors. We can't guarantee this will be in Update 2, but it's among the things being worked on. - Graphics Settings improvements. There are some bugs with the graphics settings not saving or reverting when they should or shouldn't, respectively. - Audio Volume Sliders. - Basic recoil, some gun improvements in general. - Loads of little bug fixes. - Inventory fixes, dragging and dropping and eating items alongside support for a 4:3 resolution layout. (Pictured below) In the future, the gap in the 16:9 image will be covered by "looking into your backpack" so don't worry about players with larger resolutions being able to get a one up on players with smaller monitors. This is the clothing thus far, clearly a work in progress. The textures will be added soon, and the clipping is just a missing texture mask. Grant's estimate on the textures is "today" but he doesn't know when and the blog can't wait for slow-pokes! Just kidding. Grant has literally been working around the clock to get everything imported from the old Unity build, on top of his regular job as rigger and sometimes animator. He has about 8 hats. It's a real stack. Speaking of hats, lots of hats along with all the clothing will be visible and looking excellent either in Update 2 or Update 3, at this rate. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! The UE4 build is available to test and play. Are you prepared? Watch this video to ensure you are! <url>"Known Issues &amp; Tips" on the blog. <url>"Stats Organs" Of course that's unfinished, but the image shows you where we are going with it. This is a thing. @thedeadlinger #TheDeadLinger The stats organs in action. Here's another thing. Major HUD and Survivor stats progress this week. @thedeadlinger #TheDeadLinger This image shows the stats that will be visible on the GUI. We call it the "Feelings Box". There will be an option in the future to turn it off if you don't want it visible on your HUD. Like I said at the beginning of this section, most of the work Geoff did this week is very minor stuff, unable to be shown in still images, and just describing it won't mean anything because of it's nature. Buildings Chaoss has still been hard at work on buildings, specifically textures and modeling the interiors. We're getting closer. Look at that texture work! That's what a 4k monitor will get you. This is the modeled interior of another type of building. Hmm, I think I'll leave you guys to guess at what kind of building it is. Animations This week Grant has been hard at the animations of course. No pictures, possibly another thing that will need to be shown off in a devlog? Regardless, what he's done is re-targeted the old animations to the new rigs he created, as well as set up the blueprints for the animations. He's also set up the aim offsets for the survivor, which means there are animations for aiming with the sites and looking around. Doors Richard has been working on door code for the week, and some AI of course. Among his accomplishments are how doors are bashed, both by survivors and the zombies, and how the wreckage is dealt with. The work on the AI has been improving the zombie AI. That all includes sight, smell, sound, losing track of the player under reasonable (and balanced) conditions. Livestreams Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors and welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! But first, a PSA! Kickstarter A question Howell posed in the introduction to the Kickstarter edition of The Weekly Dead caused a stir, with rumors circulating that we were going to stop posting updates to Kickstarter. This is not true. We will not stop posting updates to Kickstarter. Doors Over the past week, Richard, after tying up work on the zombie AI, has been working on doors and the door system. So far, doors can be open, closed, barged through, bashed by both the player and zombies. As Geoff says in this instagram post ... The doors look smooth as well. The doors have been networked as well so they work in multiplayer games, and zombie nav mesh has been adjusted to allow for... well, this old familiar feeling. In fact, Geoff summed up this whole section for me in one tweet. Props This week Grant and Geoff have been tag teaming meshes. Geoff has been importing a massive amount of meshes, 595 at last count. These include props, items, this , pretty much everything the art team has made since the Kickstarter campaign. Not all of these will be in the first UE4 build, and some of them may never make it to a final build, but this will expedite new item and prop creation in the future. On the other hand, Grant has been helping him with that(Read: Doing all the work) while also giving them the proper orientation and setting physics markers on weapons so that Richard's code can latch on during the swing animations and tell what has been hit and where. To sum up this section... Buildings Despite being trapped in Mount Doom, Chaoss was able to get some work done. He was working on the interiors of buildings, even having created a video of himself flying through one of the buildings to show it off. You won't see that video because the quality of the video itself is low(It was in his modeling program as well, so grey boxes and black backgrounds everywhere), but you'll see a video of essentially the same thing done better. In the mean time, you'll need to just chew on this image. Screamer Animations Back in the fires of Mount Doom, Jess has been getting her bearings, fiddling around with the Screamer model and seeing how the rig moves. She's started an idle animation but isn't happy with what she has done so far on it. Livestreams Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! But first, a special question to the kickstarter backers from community manager Howell. Would you guys mind if instead of rewriting the entire blog post here, if I just directed you to our blog? Comment below! Hello Survivors! Geoff is gone today so I have no oversight on what is posted here. I can post anything I want! The responsibility is crushing me. Let's dive right in! Zombie Brains Richard as always has been hard at work picking at the brains of the zombies. The zombies are now able to react to the things they hear, see, touch, and even smell. That's right, if you get too close to a zombie, it'll sniff you out. As well as that, the zombies can also play dead (Well, really dead, not just undead) so that corpse on the ground might just take a bit of your ankle if you are not careful. The corpse might also just be dinner for another zombie, as they can eat corpses. And finally, Richard changed the aggro values for zombies based on what you're doing, and made zombies turn more naturally, or as he calls it "smooth turn on mode transition" Player Model Grant has changed the default player model to our new one. What does this mean for you? Not much actually. The new model has new weighting and rigging which makes it look better over all. It also fixed issues with the fingers and some other things that looked wonky. Towns Chaoss has been hard at work making towns, and the buildings for towns. You've seen what he's been doing in previous Weekly Deads, but what I'm about to show you should get you excited. He has placed the roads down, and will texture them soon. If you are anything like me, your hype is building. I know that I am personally excited to walk down those streets. If you've noticed in previous Weekly Dead posts, the buildings were missing backs, and insides. Part of how Chaoss was building the town. The above image shows a complete building, with collision inside, rooms in the back, bathroom, everything you could want out of a building. Things are happening guys. Really happening. Monsters And here is a picture of a true monster tormenting some helpless zombies. Horrifying stuff, so bad that we may have to remove that dread creature from the game. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Howell is back! Geoff did not expect that I was a strong swimmer. Anyway, let's get this started. The Buildings Over the past week Chaoss has been hard at work creating all sorts of structures to explore, heavily researching them with Google Maps and field research by the team members who live in various small American towns. What he has so far is pretty cool, but don't just take my word for it. All we need is darkness and fog and we'd have a real Silent Hill vibe going on there. One of the important things to remember about these WIP buildings is that they are modular structures, able to be placed in any order and connected how we please. This means a relatively small number of modules can give birth to a wide variety of explorable areas. Zamby Richard and Grant have been tag teaming the zombies this week, with Grant of course focusing on animations and getting the animations to work properly on the zombies. Richard has been working the AI as usual, the nav-mesh, and how zombies attack and get attacked. The zombies also now have a super efficient nav-mesh that generates on the fly in our huge world. Currently the zombies are able to navigate the environment, aggro on the player/certain stimuli, attack, die, wander, moan, lay down, eat corpses, and have lots of idle activities. Geoff will be showing off the last few months of progress in a dev-vlog once he feels it's ready to show. So bug him about it on his twitter at @geoffkeene for me. (Take THAT for throwing me under a bridge!) Now I would say that's excellent progress. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Geoff here. I'm writing the weekly dead today as Howell is out ( and totally bailed on me at the last minute and is SO fired ) but hey, water under the bridge ( that I'm going to throw him off of. ) Chaoss Hard Drive Failure Ouch! Some people were concerned about Chaoss' hard drive issue we mentioned last week. Just to clarify what happened there; we lost some source work on the houses due to a complete and total IO drive failure. We still have some of the produced content (the ones we use for the game), but a few of the original files were lost due to a combination of negative factors. (That's the nice way of saying we stuffed up.) This is not a huge issue, but we did lose a few days of Chaoss' work, and we figured we'd let you know. It doesn't change much. So let's get on to the cool stuff coming to a Pepper Valley near you! Town Buildings If Howell were here ( but he's not because he totally let me down ) he would probably say something clever in his usual way ( but won't because he ditched us ) and then post really cool pictures of some town buildings that Chaoss is building to fill the town streets of Pepper Valley. ( But I'll have to do it because he abandoned me. ) Interview Stuff! Hey guys, I did a fancy schmancy interview with TechRaptor. Build 15-UE4 Time-table What is a time-table anyway? Is it sort of like a sun dial? Well, no matter. We're looking at releasing Build 15-UE4 as the opt-in OR the official build once we've done the following: - Zombie AI, so zombies are a fair and frightening threat - More populating of Pepper Valley, so you have a fantastic play space to enjoy - Polished up current features, so you can enjoy the features that are in to their fullest potential - Test test test, so we can ensure it's worth your time before releasing There is still no public timeline on that, but we'd love to have it out this summer, assuming our A/C keeps on workin' and we don't all die of heat stroke or catch on fire. Minivlogs plz? Yeah, I got some in store. We've made a lot of improvements since the last content-based minivlog. I might even have trouble including it all in a vlog and still keep it on the mini side. Well, I'm certainly looking forward to that! Grant did some animation stuff. The survivor has a lot of little bits that have to be weighted and tidied up properly. So that happened. Nothing too much to show. I mean, it'd literally be a picture of the survivor standing there. And it would look pretty normal. And fine. And you'd be like, hey, that's just a picture of a dude, why bother showing us that? And then I'd be like man, I don't know, I just wanted to put more pictures in because you guys like pictures, and then you'd be all, I understand, we do love our pictures, and then I'd be like, sweet dude, I think it's time to wrap up this Weekly Dead, and you'd be like, that's mathematical dude, I'll be sure to click the links below to follow us on twitter and comment on this weekly dead, and then I'd be like, cool man, see you on the forums. Livestreams Just a reminder, we totally do livestreams of development from time to time! You can check those out at the link below. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! Zombies The main focus this week has been the AI of the zombies. Richard and Geoff are hard at work on the movement and searching capabilities of the zombies, as well as the various other things that zombies do. We've also worked on the zombies idle animations. You may have seen this on Geoff's twitter or instagram already, but in case you haven't. A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Jun 4, 2015 at 8:15pm PDT Skinning This week Grant has been revising the player model and skinning it. He reports that the fingers are the tricky part. I'm somewhat confident that this blog post can not be used as an admission of guilt in a police investigation... He has also rigged the Screamer. The skinning on the Screamer is far from done, but it is currently complete enough that the animators can get to work creating animations for it. Chaoss Chaos Chaoss has had one difficult week. With the week starting with his mother getting ill and having to run to her side, and ending with the hard drive that contains a lot of his work being rendered inoperable, it's amazing he got any work done at all this week! The above image showcases what was going to be one of the new modules, now trapped on his dead work drive. If necessary he will remake the module to the same level of quality at least. The above image, as I was told, contains an earth plant, commonly referred to as a "tree". In all seriousness, the above image shows off a new tree shader and tree model. Finally, Chaoss has been working on town roads. Because pictures are worth more than words. Object To round out this week's Weekly Dead, we present to you a portable generator model, untextured. Steam Workshop I would like to take a moment to reiterate why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! "Where's the pictures?" Everything this week has been code work, and with some people recovering from sicknesses, and others visiting sick relatives we've come to the end of the week without any images to show. Work has progressed in spite of all of that thanks to the hard working team members who slave away while sick. But for now, my picture's folder is empty. The VLOG Redux Did you see the VLOG last week? If not then here it is again . You should really watch it. Grant This week, Grant has returned from the land of the Anglo-Saxons and has battled ferocious jet-lag to work on his part. Refining skinning on the fingers. It sounds like such a miniscule task but skinning errors can be some of the most visible ones. Chaoss Chaoss has battled both illness and the illness of a family member, yet has managed to get a few things done anyway. Chaoss has been working on creating more modules for buildings, and the textures for them. Richard Richard has finally tackled his major nemesis of the past several weeks. He has got the inventory working seamlessly in multiplayer. This initially did not include Drag-and-Drop functionality as Unreal Engine has a problem with showing the icon while dragging, so until tonight the inventory works by clicking on an item, and clicking on a section of inventory/equip slot. Drag-and-Drop is looking to be Richard's next big nemesis. The Rest and What's Next Player movement is the final system worked on this week that I didn't mention until now, and next week the targeted system is Zombie AI. Hmm, wasn't Zombie AI one of the last systems that have to be in place before the release of the Unreal Engine build? I wonder... Steam Workshop I would like to take a moment to reiterate why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! The VLOG Before we get to the rest of the Weekly Dead, it is my solemn duty to ensure that everyone watches the VLOG Geoff created. This VLOG answers several frequently asked questions, including some hard hitting ones. I feel that it is a VLOG that must be watched... Or, listened to, rather. <url>"Chaoss-ifying". In the screenshot immediately preceding this line, we see only one type of tree, but we must remember that it is not the number of types of trees that is important, but what goes into them. The above image is both a test of the procedural tree generation, and the alpha-to-coverage tree shader, which is essentially taking the transparency in the grass and leaf (or in this case, pine needle) textures and using it to blend the foliage edges together. Weapon Values In addition to recording that VLOG post at the top of this week's Weekly Dead, Geoff has been setting up proper damage and durability values for the melee weapons. Geoff has completed about half of them so far. These values are placeholder and based on a the idea of zombies requiring X amount of damage to their heads before re-death. Far from finished, these values must first be tested and balanced, especially where PvP is concerned. More Inventory Richard is still hard at work making sure the inventory system in multiplayer is air-tight and works smoothly. While working on the inventory system Richard has also been doing a bit of debug work on Unreal 4.8.0 Preview 2. TDL is now fully integrated into 4.8! Grant Grant is gallivanting around Europe this week, and even stopped by to say hello to Chaoss in London! He'll be back in awhile with more animation and rigging things, but he finished up the majority of the clothing work for Build 15-UE4 before he left. Thanks Grant! Enjoy your holiday! Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! The Visual Part This Week The great palindrome week has not been a week of visual progress in the form of images. In spite of this Chaoss has managed to capture a few images of his work, for your visual feasting pleasure. He's finished all the materials we'll be needing for the suburban houses. The work that he has done has laid the groundwork for all future buildings and not just these houses you've seen. The caption in the image above was written by Chaoss himself. The above image is another view of the house that was pictured in the image before this one, currently a work in progress as evidenced by it being nothing more than walls and not in engine. The exclamation point on this section of The Weekly Dead is the above zombie selfie. Hopefully the man this one used to be was just carrying a camera, because the situation would be awful if the zombies started learning. Geoff's Work During this week Geoff has been hard at work setting up all the items. This includes their names, the various item quality levels (Contaminated, broken, normal, etc) the stats (For weapons this would include damage and durability. For food how much sustenance it regains and so on.) how much space the items take up in the inventory and their weight. It's a combination of data entry and design for over 400 items. Tedious, necessary and in the end there is nothing we can take a picture of. Well, maybe there is one thing I can take a picture of... Richard's Work Richard has still been working on the inventory systems and getting them up and running. Mainly he's been working to get Unreal Engine 4.8.0 preview 2 working, as it gives us access to the features available in the new build of the Unreal engine. You can read about the new features available in the latest Unreal engine update in this link . Steam Workshop Many of you may have been wondering why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors to another edition of The Weekly Dead! I forgot to mention this last time, but The Weekly Dead 38 was the 100th kickstarter update we made! Hooray! Solar Panel Now this one was finished RIGHT after I posted last week's weekly dead, so it didn't make it in that time, but here it is. Updated textures for the Solar Panel. Inventory &amp; Multiplayer Richard has been working on some really complicated stuff with multiplayer and the inventory. As an example he sent this image. There is more not pictured but it's essentially the same thing as far as pictures of it go. Grant, Atle, and Geoff This is where the meat of this week has gone. Grant has finalized the how the animations we have are played on our models, as well as cleaned up the animations, and did the skinning for the players, weapons, and zombies. Geoff has been working with him on that, as well as a few other things involving loot. Riot zambie #TheDeadLinger A photo posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on May 6, 2015 at 3:56pm PDT Playing dressup with Grant. #TheDeadLinger A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on May 6, 2015 at 3:53pm PDT As far as what the other things involving loot are, it's putting the stats for all our current items in the game. "Estimating it will take about 40 hours to put in the stats (inv grid size, name, etc.) for all of our current items. About 7 hours into it." — Zag (@geoffkeene) May 7, 2015 And for one final Geoff related push, many out there wanted to see gameplay, but couldn't be present for the livestreams, and didn't have time for the replays on twitch, so for you extremely busy people, gameplay directly to your face and ear holes. <url>"Inventory-&gt;Equip Slots-&gt;Status" as opposed to our previous one of "Equip Slots-&gt;Status-&gt;Inventory". Animation and Rigging This week Grant has given the zombies new animations, skeleton, and mesh. He's also given the Stray, and Bob UE4 Blueprints for their animations, to allow their animations to be triggered at the right time. He's also been working on hitboxes and skinning for the zombies. Atle on the other front has been working on the survivor side of things. Specifically a roll animation for when the player lands in a roll. Houses For a more visual feast, we have something from Chaoss. He's still been stuck in working on the house, adding textures to both the walls and the floor, interior materials, and indoor lighting, for that spooky natural light feel. Dark Light The close up ground textures are finally getting put in! Next: Grass and things! Livestreams Remember that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. You can find their channels here. Richard Keene's twitch channel Richard's Past Broadcasts Geoff Keene's twitch channel Geoff's Past Broadcasts Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! More of a coding week, often shown in livestreams. (More on that later) Housing Development This week Chaoss has been working more on building construction. As you recall from a previous Weekly Dead, he made (and is making) little modules, pieces of houses so that he can put together more houses more quickly. I've got a look at a pretty fancy (and untextured) single story house that he made using this system. From the front. From the bottom. Showing the layout of rooms. Inside the building. I'm personally excited to see all the buildings Chaoss will make. This is the guy who made the farmhouse, and the Leland's. Hitboxes This week Grant has been working on hitboxes for the animals and the zombies. These hitboxes cut the models up into pieces so that different limbs, the torso, and the head can be hit independently. This will allow for our system of having to kill zombies with head based damage, as well as different amounts of damage to animals based on where you hit them. Pictures speak a thousand words though so here. The four different rabbits were showing different idle animations, the other part of what Grant did this week, and the big guy is our friendly neighborhood mailman zombie. This picture shows the different hitboxes for each limb and pieces of limbs. This shows the rabbits mid idle animation without the hit boxes in case you were wondering how they were different. And this is the boar's hitbox. Richard and the Network This week Richard's been working on getting survivor animations networked. What this means is that in online games players will be able to see the animations of whatever the other player is doing. Free-look has also been networked, and the upper body and lower body have separate animations, so you can see other players looking around. After this is completed it'll be getting equipment slots so that you can equip and unequip gear from inside the inventory screen. "Zag" Our very own Geoff Keene, also known as "Zag" has been doing a lot as well, mainly centered around death, dying, and damage. (But that's not all) Specifically, fall damage is implemented and if you fall from too high you can pass out for a few seconds when you splat on the ground. Of course if you land right (crouch/roll) you can mitigate damage. He's made the death sequence transition smoothly from black, to death screen, to white, to life again. Like... ...That. With more fade of course. In addition to all that he's implemented reload types, so weapons that have internal magazines (Shotguns, SKS, and in this case, revolvers) can be loaded in a different way than weapons with detachable magazines. (Semi-auto pistols) And finally, he got blueprints and base stats for hundreds of items created. "Today on @thedeadlinger ; converting over our 424 current items into UE4 blueprints." — Zag (@geoffkeene) April 20, 2015 "TDL has about 44 melee weapons so far." — Zag (@geoffkeene) April 20, 2015 Livestreams And here we come to the now weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. You can find their channels here. Richard Keene's twitch channel Richard's Past Broadcasts Geoff Keene's twitch channel Geoff's Past Broadcasts Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors, to another edition of The Weekly Dead! Before we start let me remind everyone of the livestreams the team does every so often. <url>"Hello Survivors! This is just a quick public service announcement to drop some helpful links in regards to watching our development via livestreams on Twitch. While we don't livestream everything, Richard and I in particular have taken up livestreaming development in Unreal Engine 4. You can follow our channels here: <url>"Past Broadcasts" section of our respective channels. Hope that helps somebody out. :)" Now, onto the meat! GUNS! and Items This past week Richard and Geoff have been hard at work finishing up the weapons systems(and other things, but we are talking about weapons right now), with Geoff focusing on guns and Richard working on melee. This includes reloading, scopes, firing modes (semi-auto/full-auto). Grant has been doing rigging, and Richard has been doing animation states. Chaoss brought the guns into UE4 and made world items for them. Now let's see what that looks like! Our guns in engine. Up close. Oh and... Chaoss set up our guns so that we can color certain parts of our items if we need to. But look at that pretty pink. Ryan bringing that AT Launcher in as well. Finally, finishing this off, Chaoss made a pass over the mattress again. These look like they are much softer on your feet while you're flying through the skies on it! Miscellaneous Code Stuffs In other news, Geoff has been working on player stats, like hunger, thirst, sustenance, temperature, stamina, defense, speed, and... ...possibly something to do with the fatigue system. Chaoss has also been creating house modules. He's basically making pieces of houses, like walls, doors, frames, so that he can more quickly build lots of houses and buildings. He also did a pass on the sky. Day/Night cycle won't be in the opt-in, but that's probably what it would look like...Maybe a little bit lighter. So that concludes this week's Weekly Dead. Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! It's time for another Weekly Dead! This week we've got some fun and interesting things to talk about. Something Unreal I'll start with a bit of work that isn't ours. A few days ago, the Unreal Engine devs posted a video from a livestream demonstrating a new feature they've developed for the engine. Procedural foliage generation. It works by giving individual trees a chance to spawn however many trees based on a procedural "seed" system, thus it can generate an entire properly (or improperly) spaced forest from the placement of one tree based on how many steps you give the system. Why do I bring this up? Because TDL will be using the system as soon as Unreal releases it. <url>"Crotch Sword". Don't worry of course, Richard already knocked that bug "out of the ball park" in less than 5 minutes. That about wraps it up for this week's weekly dead. Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! PS: I swear the pictures are showing for me and were last week as well. If you don't see them then go either to <url>"Zag" Keene about an estimation of the release of the opt-in. I just simply don't have one. We are diving into a new engine with new ways of doing things, and new tools at our disposal. Anything we give right now (such as that February estimate we gave earlier that didn't pan out) could and most likely would be completely wrong. We'll let you know when we know. So with that popular question answered for now, onto the goodies! Weapon Systems Here we have an example of Geoff using UE4's Blueprint feature to make TDL's weapon systems. This in particular is showing the system for guns and the difference between full auto, and burst fire weapons. In this example, primary fire is using the full-auto/burst fire function, and alt-fire is semi-auto. It's a comprehensive system for swapping out weapons, checking which ones you have, and the details like ammo and firing mode. Digital Wizardry On the programming side of things we've been digging in. Richard is currently working on the inventory, including dropping items, collecting items, and moving items around the inventory. After that comes getting equipping weapons and clothing up and working. Grant is working on rig placement, re-targeting the animations to the new rig, as well as adding sockets which allows equipment to be placed on the character. When combined with Richard and Chaoss's code will get the equipment and weapon system set up. Chaoss has also been doing a lot of work on the terrain (more on that in a bit) including world tiles. Basically, it will now be much easier for Zag to paint rocks and trees on the landscape. The World The most visual part of this Weekly Dead, Chaoss's other work on terrain includes making sure each area of Pepper Valley has a unique feel to it, in the name of maximum variety. You can see it detailed here. Item Corner We've got a few interesting and awesome images to show off this week, and the art team is hard at work making more. An AT Launcher you'll need for taking out those pesky Sirens, and pretty much anything else. The Satchel Charge has beautiful new textures now. It's almost a shame that it explodes. And to top it off we have a man wielding a sword...A sword is an Item so it can be under this header! The textures on this one are just placeholder ones Grant plugged in while he waits on the official ones from Chaoss, but I personally hope Chaoss keeps that boxer briefs/ankle socks combo. Virtual Noses You read that right, based on a Gamasutra article that was based on a study about VR we've decided that it is necessary for a virtual nose to be coded in for VR headset users. Researchers say putting your nose in VR makes it more tolerable. Noses confirmed for @thedeadlinger . — Zag (@geoffkeene) March 26, 2015 And that wraps up this week's Weekly Dead! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! If you're like me, you've probably been wondering where the Weekly Dead has been. Well Jenny has had a lot come up and has been really busy, too busy in fact. So now I've been asked to take over her Community Manager role and write the Weekly Dead posts in her stead. Who am I you ask? I am Christopher Howell(AKA Howell2010), and this is The Weekly Dead. Digital Wizardry As always you can get nearly daily updates of what our team is up to by checking out our twitter @thedeadlinger but for a summary, since PAX when you last heard anything, our programmers have been working on everything from zombie-player interaction, zombie awareness, zombie spawning, multiplayer, inventory, object interaction, tile load/store (which means zombies and items dropped in a "tile" will remain when you leave and return). Essentially, a lot of the mechanics to get it at least back up to the playable state. Chaoss meanwhile has been working on optimizing trees so that we can have truly vast forests without melting your computers. Item Art The art team has still been chugging away. A few new things to show off starting with one untextured thing. You probably won't find any of these laying around. Might have to improvise one. For when you want to kill something on the other side of something... Or around a corner. Cause writing notes is an important skill. Almost as important as reading them. For people who can't/couldn't be bothered with writing. Where Art And Programming Mix Got a few things from our rigger too. Take a look at this IK foot placement. See how he has one foot on the step and one off, both planted firmly on their respective surfaces? That's IK Foot Placement. A bunch of new house designs, both lower and middle income, and 2 kinds of Swerts. That's twice the Swerts we had before! Well that's what I've got for now, tune in next Friday (PST) for another Weekly Dead! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Comment on the link below if you like! <url>"Pepper Valley"! <url>"betas" on Steam are basically a secondary version of the game you can choose to participate in (this is called "opting in.") We plan to open up optional beta builds for those who would like to opt-in to test out the in-progress version of TDL on Unreal Engine 4 before we're caught up to Build 15, and with the release of Build 16. You can read all about that here ! If the feedback is good and everything works out, we may continually do in-progress betas for every single build. B16 Sneak Peek Geoff also snuck this Trello screenshot over on our twitter! It’s just a partial glimpse of our main goals for the transition to UE4. Do keep in mind all cards are subject to change! Zombie AI Richard’s programming the zombie AI aggro system and getting everything hooked up with some custom and very efficient C++ code so that we can handle very large crowds of zombies without your PCs catching on fire. Terrain Alongside the menus and working on the 'feel' of the first person survivor (your experience), Chaoss is finalizing the terrain in Pepper Valley. After about 4 revisions or so, we're down to the last one before integration. Geoff is currently designing the major road, structure, and landmark layouts, which he and Chaos will begin once the terrain is fully in. Have a look at the stages we went through to get Pepper Valley's final form! Rivers and smaller bodies of water are there but not shown on the final map yet. Those will be added later as we edit and populate the map in Unreal Editor. We're looking at a minimum of 360 sq km of playable space, but it might be slightly larger as we've expanded the map just a bit. PAX South PAX South is quickly creeping up on us! Geoff, Kate and I will be there for the weekend. Let us know if you will be too! (Psst - I wrote up a little survival guide if it's your first PAX.) That's everything this week! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Geoff here. This is quick blog post to announce some upcoming plans; an idea we've been knocking around for a few days. But first, I'd like to make an apology to the survivors who are particularly bummed about the changes we're making. I am very sorry that we've had to remove such a large feature from the scope of the game. I will always be "That guy who removed procedural generation from The Dead Linger" and criticism of that move is expected and entirely deserved. I do not expect everyone to come around on it and see where we're going in the long-term, but I sincerely hope that you stick around to check out the changes we're making. Preserving the heart and soul of TDL is on the forefront of our minds. Thank you all for your patience as we make these necessary changes to The Dead Linger. We will release Build 16 when we feel it provides a better experience for everyone and reaches the quality we expect of ourselves. For those who are interested in helping us test and polish the Build 16 experience prior to its full release, this next part is for you. As Build 16 (Sirens of the City combined with the UE4 conversion) develops further along, we're going to be opening up an optional beta for those would like to opt-in to testing Build 16 on UE4 prior to its major and final release. This will be done through Steam, and we'll have more information on how to access it when it goes live. Currently we're still deploying a wide range of features across the environment (and working on the environment itself.) When we reach our internal "Beta" goals for this change, we'll be looking at release builds on a daily basis (give or take) for you to check out on Steam, if that's your cup of tea. Around that same time we'll probably open up our TDL-to-UE4 Conversion Trello board so you guys can actively track our progress on the engine change and see what's coming next on the Beta builds. This will give survivors an opportunity to help us debug and test some major changes to the game, submit bugs and feedback for the changes, and allow survivors to play the (unpolished and unfinished) UE4 version of the game a bit earlier as we progress the UE4 build to Build 15's current state, and then on to Build 16 for its ultimate release. And of course, this will be entirely optional for those who want to wait for the more polished build release. We'll let you know when that's close. Thanks again for your patience and support as we undergo these big, big changes to improve the overall experience and quality of The Dead Linger. Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment. Hello Survivors. Welcome to our 30th weekly blog. In case you missed our big announcement the other day, here it is! If you have any questions after reading that, check out this forum topic where Geoff answers a ton of your questions. An Unreal Transition The switch to Unreal Engine 4 is going very well this week. Richard and Chaoss have worked to get the menu working with Unreal Engine's built-in networking. Here's the main menu looking slick in UE4. Pepper Valley Changes Based on internal and external feedback, we're redesigning the Pepper Valley region a bit. In the mockup shown below (the same terrain we're using for our heightmaps) we've scaled PV up from 324 square km, to 360 square km, changed some mountains ranges around, redesigned the lake, and added some additional bodies of water. Any other changes to the layout from here on out should be minor, but we'll see as we develop it. Red areas are the initial "major population centers". That means cities! Keep in mind this image is currently a mockup of where we're headed with it based on the version you saw in the big blog this week. Tunnels and Doors Parker drew up some exit tunnel concepts for the roads when they reach the end of mountainous canyons in Pepper Valley. We plan to have some details within these tunnels, but we'll keep those uh, underground. Perhaps one day these tunnels will lead somewhere? Parker also painted up some ideas for craftable doors of varying strengths. Survivors will be able to make these to replace doors that were broken, or simply replace an existing one for a stronger barricade. The Twin zombie variant received a final detail pass before the modeling work begins on this crawling monstrosity... Solar panels now have color, just a quick final pass before modeling as well. Here's a GPS thingy. Cute, isn't it? And here's what journals will probably look like. Rigging and Animations Grant is on rig importing duty, which is going amazingly well. According to him "It just f****** works!" Atle is working on getting all our animations tweaked and ready to go. Here's what those are looking like in UE4. Sacrebleu, our animations just f****** work in Unreal Engine 4! Pardon my french. Character Control Chaoss has worked on some character controller stuff in between his massive efforts on the terrain. Here's Geoff giving a quick demo of the sort of things we're testing. Character controller testing in Unreal Engine 4 for @thedeadlinger (p.s. Crouch-jumping will finally be in Build 16.) Dane's Art Stuff Some more Harbinger gear on the way from Dane! Here's his ballistic helmet. Ryan's Art Stuff Ryan did some really neat stuff! He's begun work on the blowtorch... And he put together some emergency road flares for casting out into the darkness and... Casting away the darkness. As well as a variety of different items that will be used as signal mirrors, to silently make your presence known from far away, or for any other use you can think of. That's all for this week! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Very important (and pretty lengthy) blog up ahead! Read up: <url>’s Weekly Dead is just a little reminder that we’re all very much still here! We have some big changes coming to TDL. REALLY BIG CHANGES! Here’s what Geoff has to say about them: During the development of 15c, we have done some serious thinking about where TDL is now and where it's going in the future. We are making a very large change right now. We have decided to shift our focus off of world generation 'super-systems' and onto what makes The Dead Linger what it is and what it was always intended to be from the very moment I originally began to design it out on paper. The focus of The Dead Linger has deviated some from its original designs, and we are pushing it abruptly back to its roots. The following four things are the main focus of The Dead Linger. 1) Generating procedural farmland, forest, town and city layouts, inside a massive area to explore, survive in, modify, and enjoy. 2) Whether you are surviving with friends, wandering the world alone, or waging massive resource wars against other players, you will ultimately always run, fight, or die at the hands of the undead hordes. 3) The community matters. We want to give you the tools to build the environments and stories you want, and to share those with every single person who plays The Dead Linger. 4) Trains. These are the things that make The Dead Linger what it is, and that's where our focus is shifting full-bore into 2015. We'll have more information about the sweeping changes about to hit The Dead Linger sometime in early Quarter 1 of this year. Happy New Year, Survivors! That's all for this week. Linger on! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Wondering where 15c is? Here's a blog post from Geoff on the current status of 15c! Be sure to read that first! It's super important and stuff. This week's blog is a bit concept-y. Parker has been knocking out a pretty big list of concepts for useful objects in game. We're looking at the various ways we're going to allow survivors to supply power to nearby objects. For the environmentally conscious, here's a make-shift deployable solar panel setup. For the gas guzzler in us all, a trustworthy portable generator. Some good old fashioned pen and paper maps. Which one do you like better? Sorry, but there's no Google Maps in the apocalypse! We have a few more map types coming as well, so you can explore and survive with the detail and type of navigation you prefer. And for all your welding needs: the blowtorch! Just be careful where you point that thing... You may have caught a glimpse of the Broken variant. Well, a few cups of coffee and Silent Hill soundtracks later.... Yeah. This thing's gross. This is just one type of this variant, anyway. Oh, and there's some new grass! It's way better on performance, has a much more realistic patterning/splat method, and you can see it further away. We have a lot more plans coming to grass, but we're going to knock out some more important stuff before we get full-fledged into those. Remember that far terrain we talked about in the last blog? Looks pretty freaking cool. Out to about 8 kilometers, in this picture. The forest out there is accurate down to the exact tree, but uses way less memory and processing. It's hard to show in a picture, but you'll feel the results when you play 15c. Ryan is currently working on some Emergency Flare sticks for some new ways to light up the world. We'll show those off when they're further along. Dane just finished playing with his dolls, and he'll be back to wrapping up military gear. A military ballistics helmet is currently in the pipeline. You'll start to see all that gear resurface as The Storm arrives, right after Build 16 is out the door. Everything else going on is of the top secret secretness. More on those secrets later! Steam Holiday Sale Give the gift of the zombie apocalypse this holiday season! The Dead Linger is on sale for 25% off ($14.99) until January 2nd! <url>"pockets" grid when you don't have a backpack. In lieu of this, we're adding a pockets system. If you don't have a backpack, you will have to rely entirely on your equip slots and clothing pockets for room. Various clothing and gear will give either small (1x2) or large (2x2) pocket space, up to a maximum number of pockets. Your starter pants, for example, will give you a few pockets worth of space. A vest could give you one or two pockets. Maybe even some backpacks would provide additional side pockets. 3) We will be changing some item sizes and adding stacking to a few items. For example, logs will probably become a tiny bit smaller in the grid-space, or even become stackable to a point. We'll play this one by ear as these changes develop. 4) If you didn't hear it earlier from us, we are removing the Tertiary Slot (currently unavailable) but preserving the concept behind it. There will be a new belt hotbar which, based on the belt you are wearing, will give you a varying number of quick-use slots for food, seeds, molotovs, or other quick-use items. Having to open your backpack every time to eat some food real quick can be time consuming or downright annoying, but we couldn't just limit it to one slot. 5) The Weight System, as mentioned earlier, is on the way. This will basically determine how fast your character fatigues and how fast your character can move. If you are overburdened with heavy gear, you're going to need to drop some of your heavier things. Gone will be the days of holding 4 ballistic shields in your inventory. 6) And the final inventory change we're going to go over in this blog; stats are getting a lot more clear. Those little 'stat bars' with hunger and all that are a bit confusing, not always accurate, and really just difficult to read. We're switching them over to a fancy colored radial system that will make it very clear when something is wrong, neutral, or great condition. We're also splitting the "Hunger" system into "Sustenance", which will require both food (Hunger) and drink (Thirst) to maintain your survivor's well-being at an appropriate level. Some other small changes we'll get into detail on later: - Trinket slot - 3D view of your survivor - Better magazine management and information That pretty much sums up the balance change we're making to ensure backpacks are a little less overpowered, a little easier to use, and still allow us to make inventory space items a little more common without worrying about survivors running around with enough gear to supply an army. These changes do not yet have an estimated release time frame. Crafting Screen Improvements We can't really overhaul the inventory without touching the crafting screen, so that's exactly what Geoff did. He touched it. The crafting screen will be receiving a visual upgrade, but we're also going to give it some functionality along with form. There will be a new "Known Recipes" scroll section that keeps track of recipes you've created (or learned through some reading material) and allow you to search for specific recipes on the fly. If you have the proper materials, they will be immediately brought into the crafting area for speedy crafting. We will probably enhance this as we go along. Along with those changes to crafting, we're also looking at blueprinting. Blueprinting is basically where you would take a campfire, or a wall, or a trap, and walk around with a ghostly "blueprint" in order to place it properly where you would like. We'll keep it simple; craft the item, it will automatically close your backpack, and then you can walk around with the blueprint. Left click to place it, right click to cancel the crafting process. Really good stuff coming on that. I'll leave you with this: I finalized my design on "tin can sound traps" in @thedeadlinger . Going to start to focus really heavily on craftables like that soon. — Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) December 10, 2014 Splat! Chaoss has been working closely with Richard to make the new terrain more beautiful than before. While we don't have any new terrain formations to show just yet, here's a quick glimpse at the texture and appearance of the new terrain - work in progress, of course. Worth noting that the new world refresh is super fast. The new terrain allows the world refresh to no longer require fog. Instead of a 15 to 30+ second process, it should be, at most, a few seconds. We'd show off Chaoss' houses this week, but the terrain kinda got in his way. We'll have some more to show on the new super modular suburban homes -- perhaps next week. In the meantime, here's some new sky stuff as well. What the... Channeling his inner psychopath, Parker has been working on the concepts for our latest zombie variants coming along through the pipeline. We'll have more on these later. Last of the Harbinger Gear Dane is just about wrapping up the Harbinger gear, at least this phase of it, with the final backpack, a black beanie, some combat goggles, and a light ballistic collar. We'll divulge some more information on Harbingers after Build 16. Build 16 Speaking of Build 16, let's talk about that. Build 15c is in development. Currently it's planned to be the "15christmas" hotfix, adding in the new terrain, a 64-bit .exe as the default (with optional 32-bit), way better memory useage, the awesome new dedicated server program you can run (which is coming along great, by the way!) and some Christmas cheer. Or Christmas zombie death murder. Yeah. Definitely that. Geoff also wants to tell you guys that he is working something lore related for Build 16. Not sure what's going on there, but I bet it involves the Sirens, and it's probably a video of some sort. Steam Workshop Reminder! We've already seen some amazing stuff from the community gathering like a hungry zombie mob on our Steam Workshop page! If you want to help contribute, check out our Steam Workshop guide! We'll probably start highlighting really cool submissions as we begin adding the best of them into the game. Stay tuned for that. Trinketttssseeesssss I don't know what this is, but I want one. That's all for this week! Remember; you can follow development on our twitter @thedeadlinger and you can follow overall progress of a given feature on the Development Roadmap. Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! We're back in the Sandswept Cave after a few days of delicious Thanksgiving noms. A lot of internal stuff going on this week. We're smack in the middle of replacing our old terrain system for a brand new custom one. Crazy. New Terrain The new custom terrain system ( briefly mentioned in The Weekly Dead 24 ) is in place. Even in its most basic form it has already improved 'World Refresh' significantly, bringing it down to about 4 seconds. Richard and Chaoss are working to have it stabilized within the next few days. Here's some of the new terrain texture blending and a look at the new high-detail terrain deformation we are now capable of doing, and the very same terrain you'll be able to paint and manipulate in Watertower. Kickstarter Rewards Some of you have mentioned concern over special items, such as your Kickstarter rewards. Those special items are still very much happening with our treasured item delivery system. You can view additional info on that and other features on our (relatively) new roadmap! Steam Workshop! This week we launched our official Steam Workshop ! We love the Survivor Forums and we'd like you guys to continue making cool things AND incorporate them into the game. There's nearly 30 creations up already since launch and they're all pretty awesome! So have at it. Go make cool things! Leave some room for me though. I want to make some cool things too. And now I hand over the keyboard to our lovely Bug Sniper lady, Kate! Bug of The Week Welcome back, Survivors! It's been a while. I've missed you. sniff I hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving! Anyone still in a food coma? This week's bug is something out of our internal build. We've been putting in the brand new terrain (and that includes reworking the physics). This is one of the amusing bugs we've encountered along the way. Enjoy! Discover a chuckle-worthy bug? Catch it on video or screenshot and submit them to the usual Support and Bug Reports forum and yours may be featured in next week's blog post! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! We have opened up Steam Workshop support for The Dead Linger! Want to have a chance to have your survivor creations released as official content in The Dead Linger? That door has just been opened. Click the image link below for more information on how to get started! Be sure to watch our latest Design of the Dead , included in the workshop page! Related Links: TDL Workshop Guide TDL Steam Workshop Survivor Creations Forum Steam Workshop Discussion Forum What is Steam Workshop? Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! This will be a short and sweet little blog on what's happening this week. Not too much has changed externally since our last Weekly Dead. Richard is still hacking away at the Dedicated Server code and it's getting real close. We want this thing running smoothly, and it's just about there! The artists are currently working on content for Build 16 and beyond. I wish I could talk about some of the artwork, but that may spoil some lore things we want to keep under wraps till it's ready! Just because we're in Early Access doesn't mean we want to spoil all the storyline for you in advance! I had the chance to check out Dec's Steam Uploader Tool this week and it super easy to use! We'll be releasing that as soon as Steam gives us the signal for the TDL Workshop, hopefully this coming week. We look forward to showing you Survivors our latest Design of the Dead explaining everything you need to know about it! PAX South Will you be attending PAX South? How about East? Let us know! I even wrote up a tiny survival guide for first time convention crawlers. I'll be letting our lovely Bug Sniper lady Kate take it away from here! Bug of The Week This week's bug isn't very new at all, but it is a dear one many of you love. If you aren't already familiar with Mattress Surfing (aka Magic Carpet Ride), then I'd definitely recommend checking out the following screenshots and videos! From YouTuber AdvScienceIndustries : <url>’re switching over to Steam’s networking which will greatly improve how players host and join servers, and more reliably tunnel through the various tubes of the internet to join each other’s games. And here it is so far! Okay, it’s not that exciting to look at, but there it is. The Dead Linger’s dedicated server running completely independently (without the game installed.) Pretty awesome, right? Build 16 Artists are already well into finalizing 16 and 17 content, so Build 16 is simply awaiting the end of Build 15′s various hotfixes to begin full code development. Bear in mind that Build 15 is laying down some of the core foundation needed for faster build cycles, so these hotfixes are a necessity. Currently and with the latest updates we have been overhauling a ton of major systems that include loot spawns, zombie performance, zone templates, and a whole lot more. Roadmap Recap Our Development Roadmap has undergone a HUGE, and I mean ENORMOUS overhaul. (We’ve basically given you all of TDL’s current and future plans all in one place!) You guys wanted transparency, so there it is! There’s also tacos. Not transparent tacos, but tacos nevertheless. There’s some great discussions going on at the forums regarding various aspects of the roadmap already. Take a peek yourself to see the new roadmap and accompanying Design of the Dead video. Have at it! THEDEADLINGER.COM/ROADMAP Art Stuff In an effort to push ahead the concept of survivor’s having stable and self-sustained bases in the game, Parker has been tossing around some concepts for The Dead Linger’s farming system. We’re planning out how it will look and how you’ll plant seeds into the fertile earth. Jeff seriously surprised us last meeting with the progress on the HM Typical. It’s just about done in every way, and almost ready to toss into the game, after a bunch of accompanying code work, that is. This ordinarily extraordinary vehicle is planned for Build 20 at this time. Check this baby out: Chaoss has been working on two very cool things. First off, the new terrain is coming along great, which will provide a massive increase in performance, use proper LOD methods that the current one doesn’t use, and it will allow us to paint the terrain in a much more realistic fashion – a feature we’ll be adding to Watertower so that you can paint your own dirt paths and such. The new terrain also features 1 meter resolution, which is way higher resolution than the previous (current) terrain supports. This means we can do way more detailed things with it, and no more crazy jagged angles on the terrain. Here’s a picture where Chaoss wrote his name in the terrain to show you exactly how detailed it can be. Chaoss is also working on the new suburban homes. We’re re-creating the Middle Class Suburban Home with 1, 2, and 3-story to better match the current art, quality, and performance. The new houses are also built with modular layouts in mind. This house you see in the picture below can result in about 10,000 different permutations, and that’s not even including color. Oh, and house colors will be returning! You can expect these new houses around Build 16. Chaoss also spent some time getting the textures ready for all of the houses to use. With this system, we can recolor the walls and wood trim paneling different colors however we please. This means no house is the same as the other, both in appearance and layout. Some painted drywall with fancy lights on it. Bug of the Week Now I get to hand the keyboard over to Kate, our bug sniper! Welcome to the debut of the Dead Bug of the Week! We’ve decided to start up a weekly issue of the most hilarious (and sometimes ridiculous) bug to add a bit of humor into the development process! Our first bug comes from Aether245 and FallnMastr; two survivors who discovered that running into each other would launch one or both into the air. They have lovingly named it the Rocket Man Glitch, and they provided a couple hilarious clips. Aether245′s Clip FallnMastr’s Clip Discover a chuckle-worthy bug? Catch it on video or screenshot and submit them to the usual Support and Bug Reports forum and yours may be featured in next week’s blog post! PAX South We’re doing that thing where we go outside again! This time you’ll be able to find Geoff, Kate, and myself at PAX South this coming January! You better come find us and say hello, we may just have some neat pins for you. That’s everything this week. Linger on, Survivors! Leave a comment on our official forums! Original blog post Oops! Sorry about the link everyone! Here's the correct one: <url>’re bringing you a very special Design of the Dead today! We couldn’t wait till Friday, so here it is: The new development roadmap in its entirety! <url>– Design of the Dead! Read and watch here: <url>"Blue Sky and Duplication Fixes"! Please be sure to report issues encountered to the Support &amp; Bugs forum to help us improve the experience. We're going to be bringing you screenshots (and maybe some awesome videos) all throughout Build 14's development! Stay tuned to our twitter for more on that! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! Build 13 of The Dead Linger has been released on Steam! Bicycles have been added, along with a lot of other great fixes and features! Here's a link to the full patch notes and the MEGAVLOG , detailing the changes in both Builds 12 and 13! <url>’ve been officially Greenlit! The Dead Linger – Alpha will appear on Steam thanks to all your efforts at spreading the word and voting us up on our Greenlight page! We are extremely excited and very busy as we prepare 010 (The Big Engine Change™) for release. We’re going to jump straight into a Q&amp;A to clear up a bunch of frequently-asked-questions we’ve received since this announcement. Here we go! Will you be releasing The Dead Linger on Steam Early Access? Yes, that is our primary goal at this time. What build will be released on Steam? The upcoming Build 010 “The Big Engine Change™” will be our first release on Steam. 010 will not release through the current channels you receive the game and game updates. Can I still buy it from the website? Yes, but only up until we release it on Steam. Once 010 is released on Steam, all future purchases will be made through the Steam store. If you want to buy it and play it right now, you can do that here . (And thank you for your support! We are currently funded entirely by pre-order purchases.) Will I get a Steam code if I’ve purchased the game already? Yes, that is our plan and we’re sure Valve would be fine with it. (From our experience with our past title, DETOUR, Steam generally allows developers to create as many extra game keys as they please.) We are not going to charge our early adopters a second time to get the game on Steam. What about that Kickstarter promise of “DRM-Free?” The game is not finished. We promised the finished game would be DRM-Free, and we will be sticking to that. During Alpha and Beta, however, there will not necessarily be a 100% DRM-Free copy as we plan to use Steam and integrate with its features. Are you going to integrate with Steam Workshop so we can submit weapons and items through that system? Absolutely. This is actually one of the top reasons we want to use Steam in the first place. How much will the game be on Steam? For Alpha stage, we are maintaining the same price as before – $19.99 USD. With Steam, there will also be a lot more payment options than PayPal, which we know many of our users have requested. Sounds great! So when is this happening? Build 010 is scheduled for sometime in August, but with the Steam news coming forth, we are probably looking at a more realistic date of early September. We know many of you have waited long for this build, and we can assure you the delay is only to bring the very best experience we can to an ever-growing audience. We will have a teaser video for the new engine very soon, along with lots more goodies between now and then. IN the meantime, enjoy the forums, spread the word to your friends, and most of all — Linger on, Survivors! Hello backers! We've returned from E3 and have posted a new blog post detailing our adventures, our current status on Steam Greenlight, and our upcoming update; The Big Engine Change™. There are new screenshots, and lots of pictures from E3! Check out the blog post by click HERE! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! There has been some talk about our presence at E3, so we'd like to officially give you the full run-down of who is going, where we'll be, and what we'll have there. Where to find us: We will be at the IndieCade booth, South Hall #3035. We invite all press, fans, and stalkers to stop on by and say hello! We might even have something fun to hand out, assuming we don't run out. What will we have there: (and info about the Big Engine Change™) We'll have a PC (probably a high-powered laptop) set up with The Dead Linger Build 009c, for all fans and press to come check out and play while chatting with us. We understand some people are surprised we aren't showing off a new build, but we have many good reasons for that. As an event, E3 is primarily a press event. We're there so the press can check out our game and get the word out. Secondarily, E3 is a meet-and-greet event for us. We want to meet some fans, meet some press, and meet some other developers out there, while showing off our game. The reason we're showing 009c is that we've been hard at work shifting The Dead Linger to a new engine to vastly improve performance and squash dozens of nasty crashes that we're experience. The Dead Linger remains in a state of update-limbo until this process is finished, hopefully in a few weeks. There is nothing new to show until then, but we will definitely start teasing the new Torque 3DUnityCryEngineUDKUningineID Tech 5Doom engine screenshots rather soon. When the next update is released, probably wrapped with Build 010 as the new engine debut, you can expect huge framerate increases. We talked to Richard about what would happen, and here's his response; (fancy technical term incoming) "basically no memory crashes and stupid -sweep!- like that." While we're talking about awesome things, we'd like to mention that we are currently holding steady at #76 (out of 1,285 games) on Steam Greenlight. If you haven't voted for us yet, vote yes! Who will be there: We're sending the best of the best to E3. Well, we'll be sending who was available, anyway. You can find the following team members at the IndieCade booth and other places around E3. We'll generally be stationed there for all 3 days, and you'll find us wearing Sandswept and The Dead Linger pins or something fancy like that. If you need to brush up on faces, check out the Meet The Team page for ultimate stalkery. Geoff Keene - aka Zag - Design Director and Project Lead of The Dead Linger, CEO and co-founder of Sandswept Studios (follow his twitter: @geoffkeene ) Dana Churchill - aka Femme - Community Manager, Team Manager (follow her twitter: @FisforFemme ) Jeff Macalino - aka JRMac - Lead 3D Artists, Environment and Weapons Artist (follow his twitter: @JRMac3D ) We'll be sure to tweet throughout the week, tweet pictures, and more! If you're at E3 and want to get in touch, just shoot us a tweet. TL;DR Tweet us! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Backers! Head on over to our blog and check out our latest post regarding our awesome progress on Steam Greenlight and some answers to frequently asked questions! Linger on! Hello Backers! The Dead Linger Alpha build 009 is released! Check out our blog for dev vlog, patch notes, installation instructions, and more! <url>" Multiplayer Crash Fixes " 008b was released shortly thereafter, fixing a few core issues, and balancing a few items, and the stats that items gave the players. Speed stats on items no longer gave such a substantial increase/decrease when equipped. Hotfix 008b - " Balancing Bugs " The latest hotfix -- released tonight -- 008c fixes multiple issues with guns not properly reloading at times, as well as fixing some cases where zombies would not always climb through windows when available. We also tweaked Infection Risk a bit to ensure the system is a bit more fair and fun. *NEW* Hotfix 008c - " Infection Balance, Gun Reload &amp; Zombie Fixes " Enjoy these hotfixes as we move forward, full steam ahead on development of Build 009! Linger on, Backers! Hello Backers! We have released The Dead Linger Build 008! Read about it here; <url>#7! Go to our blog to read more about the patch, including installation instructions! <url>“Breach Point” Release Date Build 004 will be, hands-down, the largest gameplay content update we have released so far. It contains more changes than any previous patch, and will contain more substantial gameplay changes than any patch before it. With Thanksgiving holidays, we’ve gotten a bit off schedule and still need some time to really polish these new gameplay features. We are delaying the release of Build 004 by exactly one week. Build 004 will release December 11th. Some of the stuff it will contain; Zombies will break down doors now. You are less safe inside houses. Physics have been greatly improved, including but not limited to a re-write of how doors work Some sound falloff and distant sound fixes Lots of gun changes, including proper magazine sizes, ammo box requirements, and aim-down-sights Much better login screen, including the ability to play offline without being forced to sign in Better stability Equipped items will move with the camera when you look around, among other tweaks to the first person experience Borderless Windowed mode and better windowed mode support in general Loads of crash fixes! Better inventory usability, and stats now display in the inventory screen with bars Day night cycle has been shortened some. Stamina has been increased (You can run longer now.) Saving bugs fixed, such as player position. Items dropped in multiplayer can be picked up by other players now. Hunger burns faster now, both because it was too slow, and because of the day-night cycle change. Houses have glass windows now, which are breakable. (and must be broken before you can jump through) And tons more that we don’t want to spoil yet! This is just a small helping of what we've been preparing for 004. Thank you all for your amazing support, and please remember to let your friends, family, and pets know about our game so that we can continue to develop it! Build 004 is going to be huge. Tell everyone. Stay tuned for more, and remember to follow us on Twitter @thedeadlinger . Linger on, Survivors! Build 003 is live. Download, and learn more at; <url>#5, embedded as well! <url>#4. <url>#4, and the game, for the upcoming Alpha Release on October 31st. Enjoy a little bit of the night life to be found in The Dead Linger... <url>’ve reached 258% with $154,968 and 4,218 backers within the 30 days our Kickstarter was active! Thanks to you, we’ve been able to have a few members of our team go full time. Now we can dedicate the next 6 months to heads-down development. For those of you that pledged, you will be receiving an email with a Kickstarter survey so we know how to distribute your rewards, so be on the look out for that. Because we’ve had so much success with our Kickstarter, we’ve decided to extend our PayPal donations to May 9th! You can pledge any amount up to $500 and receive the same Kickstarter rewards! This will be your last chance to donate before the Alpha comes out. We cannot thank you enough for your pledges and support! Because our Kickstarter has officially ended, you'll want to keep up with development via our company website, www.sandswept.net Here is The Dead Linger official site. You can find TDL blog posts and news here! www.thedeadlinger.com Our dev vlogs and other videos can be found on our Youtube channel here! www.youtube.com/SandsweptStudios You can also follow us on Twitter for more updates: ( Sandswept ) www.twitter.com/sandswept ( TheDeadLinger ) www.twitter.com/thedeadlinger ( Geoff, lead dev ) www.twitter.com/geoffkeene ( Richard, lead engineer ) www.twitter.com/rkeene0517 ( Dana, our producer/community manager ) www.twitter.com/fisforfemme You can find out more about our team as a whole at <url>"Night &amp; Day." This is a very, very early, pre-alpha sneak-peek at our night and day cycle in The Dead Linger. Nothing here is final, and everything will be improved. There will be many more videos to come. Follow this link! <url>#1! Get your likeness in the game! We'll take a photo of your head, put it on a character in the game, be it a commonly seen zombie, or the occasionally, hostile and crazed survivor (your choosing!) You and your friends will get to shoot yourself! Plus all the other rewards! Bonus: For $35, you will now also receive the Official Soundtrack once it releases! Dear Backers, You guys and girls are incredible . We never expected to be finished this soon, and the response and support we have received has left us awe-struck. We will have a thank-you vid out soon, and talk a bit about stretch rewards plus our other plans! Thank you SO much, from every single one of us at Sandswept. More on the way very soon! Pardon Our Dust! Hello Backers! We at Sandswept love giving back to those who back. We've seen so much support over the past week, we might even throw a few more things out there before all is said and done this month. In fact, we certainly will. We're already 66% in just this one short week, and 1048 people have backed the cause! (We're past $40,000 now!) You guys appear to love your zombies, and our jaws are on the floor. We'll get to picking those up in awhile... But first! We'd like to acknowledge and address the mystery surrounding our mystery item. We'd like to introduce you to the sensual, multi-bagged darling you see below. We call her The Kickstarter. ( Full Size Image ) And what is this? No, backers, it's not an inter-dimensional item-carrying magic device. How did you come up with that? You guys are silly. It's a badass backpack, a large-size, badass backpack – the biggest of the three sizes -- in fact. It is the backbone, quite literally, of your TDL scavenging experience. It also has a small movement speed boost! For backing $50 or more, she's your's. Forever. And not even the zombie hordes can wrench her from you. This is what safety feels like; a strong, sturdy pouch, resting gently upon your back. Fortify your barricades and gather your friends together. The undead hordes are on their way, and they yield for no one. Linger on, Survivors. Hello backers! Thanks to your help spreading the word and supporting our project, we are now at 40% backing, only a short 5 days in! You guys an incredible group, and we have been getting so many cool questions. We've tried to answer and address every single one, so don't feel afraid to message us or post a comment. Remember that you can also sign up on our forums over at www.sandswept.net ! To redeem many of the rewards, you will need an account over there. (Don't worry, we'll prompt you later on that as well.) We will be revealing The Kickstarter item hopefully in the coming week or so. We're also crunching right now to get something presentable, perhaps a video; a short tour through our pre-Alpha world. More on that later! All of you inspire and enable us to do what we love, and do it even better. Thank you. Pardon Our Dust. Hello backers and potential backers! It's amazing to see that we're already at 25% for our goal! We cannot thank you enough - you all are awesome ! We've decided to participate in Kicking It Forward , which is NOT run by Kickstarter, but a separate, third party initiative, started by inXile Entertainment. Thank you for all of your support - both in spreading the word and backing our project. Pardon our dust! Hello Backers (and potential backers!), We have reached 21%, thanks to you! In just 2 short days, you've backed us with a total of $12,580 (as of posting this), along with 2 backers pledging $1000 each! We do not have enough thank-you's to bestow upon all 287 of you. (Well, except all the rewards!) Please continue to spread the word and let people know what we're doing, and how they can help us get there! We will have some more awesome updates throughout the week (along with a few surprises!) You have our many thanks for your continued support. Linger on, Survivors! Hello Backers (and potential backers!), We've reached 10% funding within the first 24 hours. Wow! Thank you, each and every one of you, for helping us well on our way to reaching our goal! For those who haven't backed yet, we only need a minimum of $10 to ensure we get there, and we promise when we do, we will have the funding to deliver exactly what we've promised. To clarify a frequently asked question; if you pay $25, you earn BOTH $25 rewards, not just one! Thank you all for your support, both in backing our project, and helping to spread the word. We at Sandswept can not thank you enough. Pardon Our Dust! Hello backers! We've added an additional reward for pledges of $25 or more! Along with the other $25 reward (and $10 reward,) you will also receive an exclusive medal on our Sandswept forums for pledging $25 or more! We're already almost 4% in the first few hours! Thank you so much for your pledges so far! - The Sandswept Team edit: Looks like we hit 4% while we were writing this very short post! Thank you VERY much! You guys are awesome! @Mike Waters @Koriar @sabuk ketvirtis @Daniel Johansson and all others: If you did not receive a key, you simply need to send an email to <email> in order to get one. Provide kickstarter backer information (email used to back, for example) so we can quickly locate your key. @eXoScoriae: While we can easily prove we didn't pocket the money from the Kickstarter (payments were made to our team throughout), the premise itself for such hostility towards us is based on the false idea that the Kickstarter was for the creation of the full game. We specifically created and launched the Kickstarter in order to fund development for a 6 month period in order to release an alpha -- which we did, and then continued to maintain afterwards through other means (not Kickstarter funding) for greater than 2 years. If we had cancelled the project after 6 months without releasing the alpha, this would make a lot more sense. But that's not what happened. CORRECTION: Email tkeene [at] sandsweptstudios.com Please do not use the contact [at] address. @Joe: Please read the comment below yours. @Stephen: Please send us an email contact [at] sandsweptstudios.com, detail your problem (including username, email address, etc.) and we'll get your issue fixed as soon as possible! @Søren: Maybe down the road! Email <email> if you have not received your code yet. - Bronson, We're working on the sound crash bug. It's somewhat common. - Liam, apparently you picked up a cursed banana. (Ok, we have no idea what that is. Report it on our bug report forum!) - Niels, Yes, we've sent codes. Email <email> if you have not received your code yet. @Kapol: We are sending the second $50+ codes out today. Website should be back up now. You guys killed it, so we just gave it CPR. Should be okay now. @Brandon Boyd; send an email to <email> if you have not received the forum medal or DETOUR copy. We'll be sure you get it. @Brandon Boyd; We are working dilligently. Please follow our blog at www.thedeadlinger.com and our twitter (@thedeadlinger) for future updates and information. Feel free to also become a part of our community & forums at www.sandswept.net/forums/! @Mike: Well... They're wrong. @Tom Pravetz: Please email Thomas at <email> and he'll sort it out for you. DETOUR codes have been all sent out. Contact us if you did not receive your's yet (only if you pledged via Kickstarter!) @Aksel Randomguy Hjerpbakk: Starting to send them out this week! @Elucid: Even those estimates are probably inaccurate. Everyone just remember to be patient, we're getting everything ready. @Draysen Foreman: Not for everyone. Clear your cache, try again. If it's still down, it just meansy our ISP hasn't resolved our new domain address now. Sorry about that! (<url>#!/thedeadlinger/status/197847124493336577) It'll be up soon (if it's not already) @David Seidl: The question clearly states that we only need a forum username for the forum medal. Put N/A if you don't want it. Everything else will still go to your email. @Xianthos: If you don't care about the forum medal, you don't have to register at all. @Chris Aquino: We will be sending out the DETOUR codes soon. We are still gathering surveys and we've been having some trouble with our email system. Patience, everyone! We will deliver soon. Eraser2011 is correct. Just provide us with as much info as you can so we can identify which Kickstarter and PayPal pledges combined are your's. @TheChosenOne: In the Kickstarter survey, not here... Scratch that last comment; registration no longer requires email activation until we correct the issue. Register away! Once you've signed up on the forums, just give us your username you registered with, even if you didn't get the activation email. We will have to manually activate some accounts, so you can login when we do. Keep an eye on @thedeadlinger twitter, we'll tweet when we activate a wave of accounts. Thanks, sorry about that! @Everyone: We love you guys and girls! We'll be sending out the Kickstarter surveys pretty soon in order to get emails and so on in order to send you codes in the future. Thank you all for your support! Stay tuned to our twitter and such (links in Update #12) to follow TDL's development! Thank you. @Ian: Feel free to post on our forums! <url>"Community Contributions" thing we plan on doing down the road should start here; (<url>"parties" are enemies) and see what kind of games you guys come up with from there, before we go ahead and add anything specific, like Capture the Flag or the gametype you suggest. Feel free to head over to our forums and discuss potential gametypes, I'm sure there's a ton of ideas out there for them! Thanks! @TheNote, We're quite familiar with Wolfire, and we love the stuff they do! We'll be doing vlogs fairly often, and hopefully some stuff you guys are looking for this very month. Stay tuned. @John, The Alpha release should be within 6 months. (June is a rough estimate, but not concrete yet.) The game (mostly the engine) has been in development for 6 months prior to this as well. @Kieron, I don't think we'll have 1-2 GB patches every month. That's a bit large. They could get fairly big. We'll keep in mind that some people are dealing with monthly bandwidth caps. Thanks for all the support! 50% in 5 days. Wow! You guys and girls are amazing. We'll be showing off some stuff soon, including "The Kickstarter" item. Stay tuned! @Michael, Digital yes. We can't afford to produce hard copies, but who knows -- maybe one day, if that's something people really want. @Jordan, We'll add this too. Less direct building, tons of modifying. As for actual building, fences and cinderblocks should allow for plenty of wall-building, among other things. Thanks for the questions! @Jordan, The barricading question has been asked quite a bit. We've just added a nice response to our Kickstarter FAQ. Hope this answers your question! <url>#project-faqs @Michael, The small piece of content could be a large number of things. We'll have to avoid copyrighted logos and names, but we'll see what we can do. That will all be sorted after if/when the goal is reached. P.S. we love you too! @Val, Yes, there will be lots of zombie variation, both in clothing, wounds, and base textures. Less variety during early alpha, and lots more later. (Also, it's not always a city. There's also towns, farmland, forests...) @Jordan, The only true dead is a headless zed. @Eric, No, we won't be faking or rendering our in-game screens. When you see it, you'll be seeing the real thing. @Eric, Not sure what you mean by "targeted rendering." And I believe you mean "skeptical"? @playmaker_41 The rendering engine we're using is Ogre 3D. Just remember, Alpha graphics =/= Release graphics. Also, $20,000! 1/3rd there! You guys are amazing! We may have to celebrate. Hey everyone! Just to clear this up; The Kickstarter item will not be something like a powerful gun. It's both functional and cosmetic, but it won't so much as cause a minor discrepancy in PvP or other balance. We're being very careful about the type of item. We're doing an update on it pretty soon, stay tuned! @Eric, To answer in short, yes, we'll diversify environments a ton. The early versions are less diverse and suffer from what you suggest here (somewhat repetitive), but it will rapidly evolve once the Alpha is out. More on that later! @Eric, Ah! Player location is saved on a per-server basis, completely separate from inventory and other things like that. If you leave (let's call it) "Server 1", you will come back in at the same place when you rejoin Server 1. Does that make sense? :) @Eric, I'm not sure where you read that, or perhaps I misunderstand? The game absolutely has persistent world exploration and dynamic spawning. @Jim, Of course! @Kieron, We don't have any plans for paid DLC right now. Everything we add to the game in updates (except exclusive stuff, like a special Kickstarter item) would be obtainable in game by everyone. Subject to change, I suppose, but once you've bought the game, you get Alpha, Beta, and the full game, plus updates to the original game. @Stefan, cool idea! @Eric, Your characters won't be linked to a server, you can move around between all the worlds you join. @Jordan, The servers will be run by you guys, we're not running a central server, except for some data storage (online characters, for example.) I'm sure there will be lots of Aussie servers! Thanks for the questions and support! @Kieron, We're taking that into account and will release whatever people need to get it going smoothly! @playmaker_41, Currently we have no plans for Steam (both by our own choice and the fact that Steam doesn't allow games in Alpha/Beta to be sold), but it's something we'd like to look into once the game is further along. Thanks! @Steven, The engine we're using currently support DirectX 9, but you can assume that will go up to 10 and 11 it at some point. If we go over the goal, even by a small amount, it means that we can do everything that much faster and much better, and the end result will be that much greater. @Kieron, LAN play? Yep! The DRM thing is being asked a lot. TDL will not have any DRM. It can be played offline/LAN and you can install it wherever you please. @headphonehalo, So do we! The more successful we are, the higher chance we can get it to OSX/Linux. Ok! Hey everybody, go to <url>"Forum Medal" was added later. The other is for a copy of the game. No key I've sent 3 emails and got nothing back. I STILL haven't got a key for unfortunate spacemen Revisiting old Kickstarters and I realized that I never got a key for Unfortunate Spacemen. I have not yet received a key for unfortunate spacemen I have not yet received a key for unfortunate spacemen. I have not yet received a key for unfortunate spacemen I have not yet received a key for unfortunate spacemen as well. I am also missing my key for unfortunate spacemen I still haven't received an email with the unfortunate spacemen key. The last email I got through KS was update #127 on 3rd of May. Unfortunate Spacemen is already way more awesome then TDL ever was. I have no problems what so ever with the fact that TDL was cancelled - I got Unfortunate Spacemen as a thanks for my initial investment in TDL and I find that quite fair. Honestly, let's all just leave this TDL crap behind us and look to the future. Best of luck, Sandswept! :) While I never read into the bad press, this whole situation of the project being so badly bungled up has left me with a bad taste in my mouth towards Sandswept. People paid for a game you said you could finish on the budget you posted and you came nowhere near that. I don't believe the problem was you guys failing to emulate DayZ, it was failing to get your name and your game out there to show what you could do. The game had a great concept, it was marketing of said game that failed miserably. Where were the Alpha invites being sent out to people like FrankieonPCin1080p, JackFrags or others like them? Where was the press? Again, I don't believe anyone pocketed the funds (bitter former employees will say anything, so people have to take what they say with some salt), but the way this project was handled by Sandswept has left a bad taste in my mouth. I've been burned buying into games before with glamourous promises, with said games never realizing their potential. I'm sorry to say but I will be adding Sandswept in with the list of companies I boycott (alongside Gearbox and Piranha Games Initiative). When I finally get the game I was promised and the product I was promised, I will give it a whirl and will remove my boycott against the studio, but until then as a businessman myself I can't support a company like this, financially or verbally. With all of that said though, I hope your studio can get its problems sorted out and can give backers the game they were promised. Good luck on your next game and on getting back to working on this one. Good luck with that, exoScoriae. As much as it sucks that they canceled the game and we won't get anything resembling an actual game, they technically fulfilled their obligation for this Kickstarter project. I certainly wouldn't consider wha ttehy released a "polished alpha", but that's a different debate. This Kickstarter was founded upon a premise similar to what Mojang did with Minecraft, something I don't doubt for a moment is what Sandswept had in mind at the genesis of this project: get the game out there as early as possible, allow people to pay for it, then use those payments to further development on the game until that "1.0" release milestone. Sandswept definitely failed on reachign that goal, but in terms of this Kickstarter, they technically did what they said they would do in the pitch and the campaign page. And "technically" is the key word here. I'm down to pop some popcorn and pull up a seat to see what happens, but I'm afraid your words don't carry the weight you think they do, unfortunately. Still sucks that Sandswept completely bungled the development of this game and I'll never get to play the full game, though. I definitely won't play their games in the future (if there are any), nor will I give them a cent further and will advise others to not do so, but I think anything to be done regarding this Kickstarter project is also dust in the wind. Those terms *have not* protected others, and they won't protect you. And since you guys like quoting Kickstarter's terms so much, here is a quote for you: "If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers." I am currently drawing up an article for Rock, Paper, Shotgun, IGN, Kotaku, Polygon, Reddit, as well as any and all crowdfunding websites I can find. I have also prepared a ticket to mark your project as a scam over at kickscammed as well as preparing edits to update various databases of scammed kickstarters. You won't be the first, or the last, company to be bankrupted by failure to fulfill their obligations on kickstarter. You also won't be the first to be bankrupted under the old pre-2014 terms. Those terms have protected others, and they won't protect you. Refund or lawsuit. The game described by the campaign was not released. No where in the terms does it say that a substitute game can be released in lieu. And regardless of what you think the KS terms were prior, you are bound to the current terms. I personally went after Neal Stephenson and forced his hand on the Clang! refunds. You either paypal me my $25, or I do the same with you. See, for me it isn't about the money, it's about shady business. I will gladly spend money on a lawsuit just to bankrupt you for this. Hell, that would give me more pleasure than actually getting my refund. So go ahead, choose your own adventure. Game effectively cancelled after 3 and a half years. How do we get our Steam keys for this? I've gotten lost on this project since April 2012. Is there a new release date? Hi, I sent two message to tkeene [at] sandsweptstudios.com on Sep 27, 2014 and Oct 18, 2014 and one to your kickstarter account on Oct 22, 2014 and still no key, could you please refund me now ? Thanks. Hi, when can i get my second cd key? I still havnt recieved a code,and I never made a sandswept account Hey guys, I seem to be running into a bit of trouble. I don't seem to have a Steam Key available to me despite backing at the $25 level, and even though I've registered for the forum. Is there a step I missed? Thanks! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Greenlit! Woo! :D Hi would you consider a wii u relase down the road. On wii u there is a free update capability and you set your own prices. <url>"in October" release. I'm guessing the June 2012 Estimated delivery is a bit... unrealistic. Any idea what we can realistically expect? Yeah, been a member on the forums for awhile but didn't know about the twitter ill go ahead and follow! Also ive noticed in the Forums i don't have the exclusive medal how do i get that. Since ive pledge 25$ Has there been any updates since the game received its funding? @Lewis I was going to mention Dead State but I see you're already on there. :D I'm actually encouraged to see all the interest in the Day Z mod. TDL's Kickstarter already went very well, and Day Z's success shows that there's a sizable number of players who want something different from their zombie games--not just shooting, but thinking, planning, interacting and surviving. As for competition, good ideas are bound to have company. I can't wait to see you guys prove them wrong either! :) Would've made a good movie line Well, they're wrong, DEAD wrong I tried DayZ, I think the concept is very cool and the interaction with other players is very interesting as there's no safety at all, so trust becomes and issue. However, it seems like there is little to do other than the most basic survival. I know you can repair vehicles which is cool, but apparently that is very difficult and the vast majority of players will never be able to do it., especially alone. I mentioned The Dead Linger in chat, someone said that he felt it was way too ambitious and they'd never manage to pull it off :). Hey guys, not rush or anything but ARMA II Day Z MOD beta was released today, you might have a bit of competition on hand. I'll email you a link Well... It seems I didn't get my copy... Maybe I typo'd my email address? Have all detour codes been sent out yet? Waiting for detour ;) Got detour! So anxious for TDL though XD I got my copy of Detour, thanks guys! Now, if I could somehow get a wizard to turn this game into The Dead Linger, I'd be set! :) Can't wait to give this little game a try, looks fun. Meanwhile, if you want something to do, <url>| New concept art on <url>"lifescontradict" thing in my survey :( I just don't want to miss out on it, that's all! Game related: cant wait! :D (just read about the email trouble you're having in a comment below) I'll be patient :) You should put in an update on here when you send out the codes and post the medals. I'll be sure to see that. Oh hey - sites up! TehFrederick here - Check the twitter (<url>#!/thedeadlinger/statuses/197847124493336577) - the site should be back up within an hour. @Howell 2010 I'm getting the exact same thing on www.thedeadlinger.com. It looks like domain squatters. Hey, the sandswept forum's site turned into something else for me. Some god awful ... Well A screenie would do better to explain. This is sandswept forums <url>"Please enter your VALID contact email so we can send you a code for DETOUR, and later on; a code for The Dead Linger.". It requires the forum handle, which I also don't care to create. If I don't provide the answer to the contact email, will I actually receive my codes, or do I have to provide the forum handle. Your response isn't clear. @Xianthos, you weren't "forced" to register through their website. Besides, what is the big deal about that anyways? Thats really uncool that i was forced to register in forum :3 Should have let an option to do it or not ... Where is the DETOUR download? Wrote the email, forwarded both mails from paypal and amazon payments with that. So I think it will work :-D @cris: I should probably note, Noe's question was: "If we make further donations with paypal, will that stack for the rewards we receive?" @cris: I noticed a similar question asked in the comments for the 12th Update about this. Sandswept replied to Noe's question: "... just be sure to send us an email (<email>) telling us how much you pledged via Kickstarter and PayPal." Hope that helps. So I did the 15$ donation, provided as much information in the paypal transaction as possible. Hope this works. Or should I additional write to the sandswept contact address? Looking forward to checking out Detour! It seems we're going to have a lot of opponents to choose from. Also--and forgive the spam--there's another innovative sandbox game that just launched: <url>"receive a copy" stupid I know. @cris If you pledged above $25 you get TDL and Detour. Damn misunderstood the pledges, wanted the new game instead of detour ... Is there any way to fix this now? @Nicholas the reward is not instant. You will receive it later on. Remember, they gotta do this process with 4,218 people, making sure that everyone gets the email and that everyone pays within the next 14 days on their credit card. Yeah that's what i assumed :p Thx though :D They'll send it later, the survey is just for them to get the detail to send you the reward i got the survey, responded and never got the rewards, do we get them later? Thanks for the quick response! "Once you've signed up on the forums, just give us your username you registered with, even if you didn't get the activation email." Ok... The Chosen One I got my survey email, filled everything all out. Can't wait for the Alpha, Beta, and the final copy :D I've signed up on the forums and waited. No activation email. I've asked it to send me another. Nothing. Email address is correct. It's not in my spam bucket. Account verrification e-mail(s) slow? Congrats to everyone at Sandswept Studios and everyone that pledged. @Dean The Paypal is going on until May 9th, so not yet. Survey Received! Could we get the combined total of the kickstarter and paypal pledges. Oh damn! Glad to see I'm not the only one who wants a true zombie game. Can't wait to see the progress. Congrats guys! God i love Sandswept Studios already :D!!!!! (Belated) wooooo! @LifesContradict It is most likely to stay on its own. They may extend to Steam and they may not. But I assume that it'll, first off, just be a download from the website and then it'll open the client window for you to play the game Even if they do go to steam in the future, they'll probably offer it in various other ways due to the fact not everyone likes steam. I use it because it's just convenient, and all my games are in one place. But there are downsides to it, so for a company to go strictly steam wouldn't be very benifitial. Besides, you can always add third party games onto steam. Give them a chance to get the game out before you pressure them on where to put it ;D the ks just ended 7 hours ago. Lol. Grats on a successful campaign Sandswept! I simply cannot wait to play this game! @Howell like @Draysen said you will get a code like minecraft where you will more than likely have a small launcher or something and if they do go to steam in the future just USE STEAM? It's free and is amazing cuz there are deals ALL THE TIMEE @Howell2010 they'll send you a code via email probably to download the game digitally. It isn't going to be through Steam either but they may extend to Steam later. @Josh, no, it's "Wunderbar" for "wonderful"....I've been to Germany... Hey, I just had a thought... exactly HOW am I gonna get my copy of TDL? I dont have steam, nor do I want it. and I seriously doubt that they are gonna mail cds to everyone who wants one(Though that is what I would prefer had I a choice) I always click my old card number. I have to change it every project. @Draysen It's "Wunderbrau" :-) @There is a 7 day grace period in which any problems with payment methods can be sorted out. When you log in there should be an action needed message at the top of your screen which will send you to Amazon to retry or change payment method. wtf? my money didn't go through :( Wunderbar!!!!! Sandswept got their goal!! Can't wait for those dev logs to come out :D Ahhh i want that survey for my rewards now :3 Yay congrats Sandswept!! Everything I need to know about zombie survival I learned from Minecraft. Step 1: punch dirt from the ground. Step 2: build a 3m mound underneath you. Step 3: rest easy knowing those dirty gribblies can't reach you! Lol, thanks @Veav. Now I have to dig out my old zombie survival guide. And my binder of plans, and designs. Rage zombies: to kill. Dead zombies: they're not really "alive", just mobile. Think of it as trimming an aggressive, diseased hedgerow! Congrats Guys! Can't wait for my copy of TDL and DETOUR! nice job guys! I cant wait to see/ read more about this game in the future! ...Or kill again I suppose... Congrats Sandswept! Can't wait to see the game's progression! Congrats Guys! Congrats all!!! Now makes us some zombies to kill!! Grats Sandswept! Now get to work! :P Gratz! Good job sandswept! Congratulations sandswept, never doubted right from the beginning! Its all go from now :D I... Just... Came... Buckets! EPICSAUCE ALL OVER MY FAAAAAAACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah good to go. Awesome!! :D Soo close Nipped in with a pledge at the last minute :D I feel like I'm watching the ball drop on New Year's eve. I was trying to post that if The Dead Linger is a enhanced FPS or 3rd party game, in the same spirit of Deadfrontier. Then we are all in for a experience. I'm confident the team will create a rich and fulfilling world for everyone to enjoy. I just doubled my pledge...after all Zag has said in an interview that he used "The Zombie Survival Guide" as inspiration...I Like :) After checking on the team that will work on this great game I had to send my pledge in. This has some similarities to a game called Deadffrontier @Filip Remember, there will be online where you can do stuff :p Joey noooooooo Ok, just backed this. I was hyped at first, but then I got the impression it will just be an "entertain yourself"-game like Minecraft or that Fallout online mod, which aren't my kind of games *at all* but seeing as this is a zombie survival game with focus on barricading, scavenging and team play, I can spare $25 ;) Ugh, I'm sorry, I'm going to have to take my pledge off, I wont get enough money for a few hours D: They actually have emplyees that have already switched to working on TDL full time... They'll receive all the money within 15 days after the pledge is over. Once they receive all the money (that is, hopefully everyone actually pays their credit card or debit off), they'll begin full time! :D Err, that's "admin nominations". Silly me. Now that the Kickstarter drive is running to a close, we should start working on the The Dead Linger wiki. A well-written wiki is not only useful for current players, but can tell people more about the game and encourage them to buy it. It's in a pretty basic state right now and is in need of more editors. We're also in the process of electing administrators. Official wiki: <url>"proof of concept" and the game is underway. Been watching this project for a long time and just decided now to pledge. My worries are in what they can accomplish with $60k ($150k now!) relative to how far they need to go, but I see we're basically helping to fund the "polished alpha" version, which we'll get, and which will be used to likely seek additional funding from other sources in order to turn it into a multi-year project, with what the developers hope will be "Crysis-level" graphics eventually. Looks like a long road ahead of them, but from what I read from the developers (on Kickstarter, their forums and on Twitter), this is a good team who knows the zombie genre well. They're communicative, talented, and it'll be fun to watch TDL develop along with the other 4000+ backers/enthusiasts. :D :D BROKE 150K! $108 to go! Let's get to 1000 people! Yeah true, might just get arma 2 later on, backed this a while ago, just gonna stick with this :3 But there's a convincing post over at <url>#p19341 that explains a few things about what is and isn't being shown so far. @Nicholas Protip: Arma 2 will be around six months from now. This kickstarter ends in 6 hours. }:D I am really stuck right now lol, dunno if i want to see where the developpent is going and if i like it buy it later and remove my pledge now, and get Arma 2 for the Day Z mod or just stay with this... Decisions decisions.... Even with 'minecraft graphics' this game will be worthwhile :D Kinda scary backing so much for just a simple promess..but I have faith the Studios will make a nice game. Plus playing even in Alpha sounds cool. @Trotterwatch I put in the most that I could (25usd) lets hope that in the next 11 hours someone donates $2,015 I like what I see in that engine doc. Pledge bumped. With Shadowrun funded, this is now the 'hot project' ending soonest; that should spike interest a bit more! @Veav there are screenshots of progress so far here <url>"another zombie game" besides already established franchises with dozens of sequels. The industry goes with what works and right now (and for the past few years) its sequels and rehashes, because those sell. Players seem to be content with being spoon fed the same crap each year with a slightly different flavor. Something like this comes along and people coming off the monotony of other games end up thinking this is overly ambitious. Its good to be ambitious, that isn't a bad thing and everything mentioned so far about this game is well within the realm of possibility. @Eric D. Mods are great, but they are limited to the engine they're modifying. And the ARMA engine is very limited. This is game being built from the ground up with the emphasis on it's concept. That is quite a huge threshold to take account. Wow, 233% of the pledge! @Michael Mishey...I agree, this project is very ambitious. If it accomplishes even half of what they plan, then it will be fantastic. I'm also glad that they are releasing it in a polished alpha, so we can play earlier and watch and participate in the game's growth. Just make this game so epic that it will be talked about for years to come Sandswept! The Dead Linger isn't just the most ambitious indie game I've ever heard of; it's perhaps the most ambitious game I've ever heard of, period. I'd doubt Sandswept was up to the task if I hadn't looked at their forum, where the only people with more enthusiasm than the fans are the developers themselves. Good luck, guys! I tried out the DayZ mod for Arma 2 and am removing my pledge so I can donate to this. I'm also really afraid your game won't be as good as this. Still good luck with it, it has been a nice ride ! Just backed, although GNU/Linux support is still uncertain. I wrote with you guys at the beginning of this Kickstarter and was kind of waiting for another update on a GNU/Linux version. Now I backed in the hope of seeing a GNU/Linux client eventually, since the game looks like something that I've always wanted to play and since I want to support you on this project. Also it doesn't hurt so secure my personal "Kickstarter" in case that there will eventually be a GNU/Linux version. Just pledged $25 I know it's not much but every little helps! I wish you the best of sucess with this game. I have one question which email address will all of the codes for the beta and alpha be sent to... My kickstarter? or my Amazon? or the card email address i paid with? Thanks and good luck! I have to say, I'm glad I've stumbled on this game. I backed though you clearly don't need my support at this point. I just wanted to say, this is the Zombie game I have always wanted, or at least what you are planning is. A first person zombie survival horror game that is procedurally generated is the end all for zombie games, IMO. Upped my pledge... @LifesContradict Seriously - up your pledge and trust them... also you will become a famous zombie in this game ;-D Other things like individual houses/weapons/cars etc... I guess those individual things could have a negative influence to the other game content. I would up my donation to $1000, maybe $2000 to this cause, if it gave me something back. I mean being in the game is cool and all, but $2000 dollars is a lot of money to donate must to shoot yourself over a d over... Especially if you don't have some sort of personal reimbursement, ya know? I'd totally drop a lot into this, but I don't feel I would be getting enough bang for my buck. 2k down on a car, you get a car. 5k down on a house you get a house. 2k down on a game though...? Maybe you could help me out here, Sandswept Studios. It can be in a personal message if you want ;) although what's 2 more k when you're getting $130,684 at the time of posting this... I'm torn on my decision to donate more because the harsh reality of 'are you about seeing fans as individuals, or about making money to develop a game with minimal individualism outside of monetary spent rewards?' is coming into my head.. -LifesContradict aka LC Not quite sure if I should back up even higher.... well I got 66 hours to deiced. But seriously people, TELL EVERYONE!!! Tell everyone how awesome this game is gona be so they can get even more money >:) Just backed 50 bucks Hey everyone just a heads up to follow the Sandswept icons like Zag or Dana on Twitter because I saw a few screenshots of the pre-aplha world that they haven't posted on here. If i had Twitter id be following like a zombie to a gunshot! I suppose a final video to motivate last minute backers is out of the question? :-) @Drakol I really agree, all this money must be able to do something, and I really cant wait for this to become playable, so if you can, please kick the release date up the butthole so hard it goes back in time! If this game makes it to steam would we be able to transfer our copy on to it. This is probably going to be good - but the Developers should think about the "Kick it Forward" plan - seeing as they've gone over the goal about double. ^_^ I suspect that for $1000 you can make as many suggestions as you like. I think my question got lost in amerispam so here I go again: For the "You" update, are you allowed to make suggestions for the items? Personally I would select a sturdy floor scraper as my melee weapons of choice. If you go for the 2K pledge, will the 'you' zombie/survivor be wearing the 'you' kit? @LifesContradict zombies have been a hot ticket for several years, very popular in movies and games as we all know. However, I think there is a clear distinction between the more hardcore zombie fans and the larger group from the general public that just happen to be the people that would go see a zombie movie or buy a zombie game. It's kind of the same story with all video games for several years now, it's all about fast action and over the top presentation. Most people that think zombies are a cool subject for games are really more the action type, they wanna slaughter loads of zombies, not really build stuff or explore. Then on the other side, you have the gamers that are more into RPGs, but I think they are heavily into the fantasy settings, either swords and magic, or lightsabres and "the force" :). I think a slower, more deep zombie game like this is kind of stuck in the middle. The gaming community Liberty's Last Army community donation of $160 is turned in. Just got the $50 deal. Hoping son and I can play co-op in our own zombie world on LAN. Just pledged $120 for the good of the cause! I'm actually confused why none of the big companies never thought of an open-world zombie apocalypse... Nonetheless! I am happy I stumbled upon your game and I am now a proud donor (who is mad he doesn't have $1000 [to contribute to something that gets me no monetary gain anyways]). I wish you guys the best of luck in your adventures :) -LifesContradict aka LC Finally pledged, looking forward to this game, wish you all the best! I'm truly impressed by the stuff you've put out in the last few updates, so I've doubled my pledge accordingly. I can't wait to see the alpha and live in your world for a while. I'm also pleased that Sandswept employs so many younger people. I too am just starting off, so I know how hard it can be. Best of luck as the Kickstarter comes to a close! This is exactly the type of game I was looking during my whole life. Thanks for doing this guys, I'm so impatient now! I see high potential in this game project. Keep up the hard work and make us (the gamers) proud! Hay just because this ends in 4 days on kickstarter why stop. Put up another page or somthing on your site, I say keep the donations going and make even more money. I'm going to be building a gaming laptop this year for an affordable price, nothing that needs to play Battlefield 3 since I have that for the Xbox and I'm only looking to play some PC games like Left 4 Dead, Amnesia and games that don't necessarily require a hardcore computer. Can't wait for this game to come out, so glad they got over 200% budget! I agree, If this game does end up like they say it is, its going to be fnarbing awesome! I wish them all the best of luck and just cannot wait for this to get its funding and have the good guys at Sandswept get going and make me an epic game! I am genuinely tingling with excitement. Go for it guys!!! @Lazuri Cool story bro! Sorry, couldn't resist XD I'm going to tell you an interesting story! About a year ago, me and two friends were talking over steam, discussing the game we wanted to see most of all. We sat up half the night discussing it, lamenting the fact that none of us had the skills to actually create it. Imagine my surprise when, one year later, the next to exactly same game shows up on Kickstarter. I'm of course talking about this game. It literally made my whole month. Perfect, thank you guys. Pledge upped. @ Alex, if you go for either of the $50 rewards you get 2 copies, a kickstarter backpack (only applies to one of the copies), the soundtrack, and the "Detour" game. @alex you get two copies of TDL at the $50 pledge point. One other question though. I showed my brother this last night, and he damn near jumped for joy. Is there a backer level with two copies that I just miss read. Or should I start a second account? Because I would really like to get him in on this. @Gustavo- oops, point the point I was trying to make, however poorly I made it, is it does not matter a damn bit if this site originates in the USA. The community is international. And as such should be above and beyond a feeling of separation do to where you pledge from. Just one big, in this case zombie eaten, family. But in reality I just should not fall for the trolling. Sorry for the rant:) I will try to skip it in the future. Just became a backer on TDL. Yaaaaaay! Congrats on exceeding your goal and reaching 201%! I'm so excited! :D The game is looking good from what I have seen. Hope this game turns out to be what it says it will be. I am pretty excited to see what Sandswept does during the making of this game. I wish these guys the best of luck. @AlexUnderschultz Actually, 3 continents nah im lookin for dead island dismemberment you know, BOOM right in the bladder! OH! There go his intestines! (pardon the double post if people have problems with them round here) Anyone else hoping for Left for dead-like dismemberment? Congrats indeed! My comment earlier about PvP was about the Arma2 mod DayZ, I should have made that clear. For The Dead Linger, besides the general concerns, one specific concern I have is whether or not the generated map will actually be better. I like exploration and rewards of finding interesting locations with whatever, new NPCs, stashes, etc. It's very hard to get that right when the map is dynamically generated, unless you use large blocks of pre-created areas and link them in a dynamic way, but then that's not easy to get right either. For graphics, I don't mind if they aren't great, I mainly want lots of things to do, as I said in a previous comment even if the implementation is a bit cheesy looking, I want lots of crafting and building abilities, with advancing goals to craft and build bigger and/or better things. It's basically the way I imagine rebuilding some small bit of society after such an apocalypse. I don't just want to have to scavenge for food, I want to figure out a way to produce it, or water, or whatever, and then of course security goals to keep all that safe. Now that I think about it, an FPS probably isn't the best interface for what I want, but anyway :). I am looking forward to this game and if it comes out very different from what I want, well that's a risk I will take. All ranting aside.@josh thanks for throwing us over the 200% mark! Also, stop using the word "America" to describe only the USA. I am north American supporting this site from south America along with many others. America encompasses two continents and dozens of countries. Your attitude shames us all. Thank you eraser, that was exactly the sort of feedback I was fishing for. CryEngine 1 is ambitious, and if it even gets close to that , the game would be fantastic. Wow, congratulations Sandswept Team for reaching the 200%. @Josh Hi , here is a little quote about the graphics from the CTO / Lead Programmer Richard Keene :" ...The eye candy will be as good as we can make them in the allotted time... and ...working toward a goal of Crysis engine level graphics..." From: <url>#p19341 Also, I'm in love. No, this is a United States based venture, that happens to allow people of other countries to use this website. Therefore, America. No fighting guys! Zombie group hugs all around....braaaaaaaaaains! Also this is not america. This is an international community based on helping others. Working and sharing with others. Try and keep that in mind before you lash out at people. This is SPARTA!! This is america. Hey now. If your going to fight wait until there are zombies to eat you when your done :) Additionally, of the 3 comments you've made on kickstarter, all 3 are designed to be inflammatory, and all 3 are telling others what they should do as if you are some manner of authority. Learn to have a little respect for others Trotterwatch comments: @Josh, they have stated that it isn't a 2 dimensional plane, its confirmed to have hills, mountains, gradients, and a realistic terrain. Do your research before spouting lies. Quit calling zombies "zeds" it sounds stupid, where did that originate from? @Alex Catchpole We don't need you here, we're already passed the donation goal go back to lego star wars please. They're not going to show incomplete gameplay because a 10 year old wants to see it so badly. @Trotterwatch. This is why people should take the time to read before showing themselves to be an idiot. I made no claims as to what they are doing. I stated that it was my fear that it would end up that way. I read their forum, but I saw nothing solidly saying that there would be gradients. Perhaps I missed it. Excuse me if I don't have enough time to do exhaustive research on a VIDEO GAME. I have a job, a house, and other responsibilities in my life. Learn to read something more carefully before calling someone a 'liar' Alrigth now you guys can work on this full time for a whole year. @Josh, they have stated that it isn't a 2 dimensional plane, its confirmed to have hills, mountains, gradients, and a realistic terrain. Do your research before spouting lies. @Mike My main concern is this huge world will get boring fast if everything simply lies on a 2 dimensional X-Y plane. Honestly this is one of the riskiest projects I backed considering there is no gameplay footage of anykind, and the team doing this has only one project that I know of which is proven. Having said that, the concept is right on the money. It's just how much polish will they put into it? Woot! 200 percent funding! Awesome guys, hopefully this means we'll get our greasy little hands on that alpha sooner. 200% F.U.N.D.E.D! @Josh I have been wondering about that, the PvP aspect. I can certainly see how easy it would be, especially for a group, to simply stalk and kill other players and steal their stuff, or just do it to be jerks :). I want to try it out but I don't think I wanna spend $30 for Arma2:CO . "WHICH IS RANDOMLY GENERATED WITHOUT VOXEL BLOCKS OR LOW GRAPHICS" I don't think this is the case, they said it would look something like a screenshot from STALKER. Also, hoping someone can answer this, but will the entire land be flat, or will there be hills, roads that climb upward, etc? @Josh And my sword You have my support, and with it, 200% funding I have an unresistable urge to up my pledge 130$ so the total will be 120k$. Too bad I can't :( Now I know this game will not disappoint me. For my whole life (Or most of it xD) I have been searching far and wide for a TRUE open world zombie survival game, with no loading screens.. no "sector maps" (Life dead island), and a mass amount of realism! Reading the features section ALONE made me buy this game! A map the size of a FREAKING SMALL PLANET?!?! ALL OF WHICH IS RANDOMLY GENERATED WITHOUT VOXEL BLOCKS OR LOW GRAPHICS?! I would have pledged 2,000 dollars if I had the money! This game just amazes me. Keep up the GREAT EXCELLENT work on TDL, and please.. PLEASEEEEE, keep to the roots of the realistic zombie survival feel! Like you started off with! There has been countless games which started off AMAZING, and got ruined due to 2 or 3 kids who wanted an arcade feel to they're zombie apocalypse. They have the game Dead Island, let us have the game The Dead Linger! Us gamers deserve a TRUE realistic cooperative multi-player open world zombie survival game! But honestly.. 16 players.. scavenging around cooperatively, or not, in a map 25,000 km in size.. Utterly breath-taking guys. Just amazing! Keep it up!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO @Mike unfourtunately the DayZ mod has degenerated into a bunch of jerks running around like it is a death match mode the zombies are just there as a backdrop to them. Haha good choice Stefan. I was wondering that as well. For the "You" update, are you allowed to make suggestions for the items? Personally I would select a sturdy floor scraper as my melee weapons of choice. Very close to 200% funding! :D From Kickstarter's official FAQ: What fees does Kickstarter charge? If a project is successfully funded, Kickstarter will apply a 5% fee to the funds raised. If funding isn't successful, there are no charges. Does Amazon charge any fees? Yes. When a project is successful, Amazon will apply credit card processing fees, which work out to roughly 3-5%. For details on how the fee is calculated, please view the Amazon Payments fee details. Where is everyone even getting this information that Amazon is going to take an X-percentage of the funding and that an X-percentage of funding is going back to Kickstarter? It's all for the project... @ Raymond Bernardin Nope - not 5% of the total amount will be pledged - only 5% of the profit after the game is released. The whole money will be used for development - ok - amazon will also take some money but surley not 5%!! I really love this project because the most games are amazing for me where you can interact funny things with friends. So what could be funnier to explore a world of zombies with my mates, defend a house together or scavange for some food in a left supermarket... etc. yeah its a 5% fee to kickstarter and 3-5% fee to amazon, so around 12K off at the moment. The other 5% going to other projects is kicking it forward and only comes out of final profits rather than funds raised, although Kickstarter have asked all project owners to remove this since there was confusion as to whether it was officially associated with Kickstarter. and amazon takes another 5% also guys dont forget that 5% of the total pledged amount is already going to go back to Kickstarter to help with other projects that need funding. so minus about 5-7k off of this total is actually going to this game. meaning = pledge 126k! just pledged some money. I'm not normally into zombie games but i cant wait to see what it will look like! Less than 2k left to get to 200%. We can do it! Took me longer than expected but I upped my donation from 25 to 50 even though you're at almost double what you need! Congrats guys I am looking forward to following the progress of the game creation until alpha comes out! Thanks for the nice previews. Looking good! Must have taken alot to show off all your work in such an early stage. and @Beini82. Well... there's food ingame. come on, just 3,451$ for 200% of the goal! :D I've been reading and watching videos about the Arma2 mod DayZ, I think people here have mentioned it before, it looks pretty cool. At first I thought it was just shooting, but then I saw that people are actually scavenging for parts to repair vehicles and use them, that's a very cool element to add to the gameplay and goals. Goddamn it...I never planned on upping my pledge...it all started pretty harmless with Wasteland 2 (I doubled my initial pledge toward the end...), then came Shadowrun Returns, another 50 bucks gone (I came from 30)...and now here I am considering AGAIN to double my first pledge just because I want this project to live up to its huge potential...Damn you Kickstarter...stop showing me these great projects I NEED MONEY FOR FOOD!!! This game is gonna be so epic! I raised my pledge to get the Kickstarter backpack, I've got a feeling that thing is gonna come in handy! :) I liked how dark the footage in the update was. Also like the inventory. Very practical for the feel of the game. Alright, just upped my pledge and have 8 people at work in on this. Can't wait. The concept of this game is just amazing, I'm really looking forward to be playing this game :) different kind of wiki i think there is one all ready Added a wiki page to Giantbomb for The Dead LInger. <url>"the kickstarter" as well as the soundtrack? I've already seen a couple things I really appreciate in screens and that pre-alpha video. A hunger bar and a mod menu. Great, loving the updates! are you planning something special when you get 120k (200%)? 3000 Wow, even the Pre-Alpha Footage looks great! Keep on going SandSwept!!! I cannot wait for this game to be extra polished because of the extra backers. Just backed $25! So excited for the most promising zombie game ever! Fortifying found structures with your friends will be so much fun! Probably the one game on the sides of GTA 5 that has kept me really excited :D make that @Kieron* @Krieger: Braveheart moment? "Freeeeedoooooom!!" Pretty close to 3,000 backers! And the pledge number is astounding! Great job to everyone, I hope all our in-game desires become reality through this project! @Alx: the $60,000 Kickstarter goal is for bringing the game to alpha. After that the plan is for development to be funded through sales of the alpha and beta versions similar to Minecraft. Richard Keene ‏ @rkeene0517 I've quit my job. This is the first day officially full time on TDL. Hard to describe the feeling of freedom. just thought you all may be interested in this tweet :P @Scott Krieger From what I've heard I think it will be grid based. I can't wait for this game to be released. but I was wondering, how is your inventory going to work? is it like a weight limit and a list of stuff? Or is it like a grid based system like Resident Evil 4? Or is there going to be an inventory at all? 100k isn't that much money when we are talking about having a bunch of people work full time on this. Where do you think you guys will get the rest of the money from? @Joey Ellis yea I hope for the best. But truthfully I'm not really bothered about the combat mechanics, all I'm looking for is the atomspheric feeling of being one of the last alive. But that head track system would be a nice touch, I'm not fond of fps's when you have the gun constantly being held in front of you, it just seems so unrealistic and clunky. Having that free head movement adds to the freedom of character control and just adds that bit of extra immersion to the game. Either way I can't wait for this. Thats awesome to hear! Thanks for the quick response and i cant wait for more! I have a quick question. When you say 25km, do you mean 25km in planet circumfrence, planet diameter, or square km? @Michael Darling I think it'll be close to that, but much better. (Hopefully smoother animations and shooting, the zombies take awhile to realize they've been shot in that) Something i would love to find out. IMO i would MUCH rather take out some zombies with a pipe,machete or even my fists. (melee weapons) How are you guys tackling melee?Is there going to be a good amount of decent melee weapons other than firearms?Will it have a nice mechanic or is it just going to be a one button thing? Sorry for the bombardment of questions but i'm SUUUPER excited about this.This is like the game of my dreams and i have faith in you guys! Been following this game way before kickstarter and have high hopes for it. It's good that someone is finally bringing at a game like this that a lot of people have been looking for. Keep on lingering Sandswept! You'll be a happy homeless tho! After Wasteland 2, Shadowrun Returns, Grim Dawn, now I found myself a zombie survival sandbox.... I'll be homeless pretty soon if I continue to hang in KickStarter :) You guys got my 25$, I wish I could help more If TDL is anything like this arma 2 mod then i won't ever need to buy another game :) <url>#9 pop up in my inbox and I want to say I'm super excited to hear about the new rewards. I hope The Dead Linger will bring that realistic zombie, apocalypse and horror feel to mine and many other people's virtual lives. I have pledged and can't wait to get my copy. I was also wondering how we receive the Steam copy of Detour? will we get a code via email? just curious. Game looks great. So why are there two $25 rewards? it seems that they both do the same thing. Thanks for the unnecessary extra rewards! With this extra copy, maybe I can get my wife to play... probably not. @Sandswept Studios: You just made my day :D I have a question, and this is really important for me, i dont want to sound annoying, but i love it so much, so here it goes: Is there going to be gas masks in the game, if no, please think about it, we can wear it, and (maybe) we get less chance of infection or whatever. It can even be just superficial, but please, if you add it, you´re going to make a pledger SO happy. ps. Balaclavas would be awesome too! Detour on top of everything else?!?! THANK YOUU!!! I'm so pumped for this game. Too bad I don't have a time machine. Might have to wait a while but it'll be an awesome surprise once this comes out!!! They might have called the zombies "Zeds" in World War Z. That sounds familiar. i say 2 to 3 years "The launch date of the final game" could be YEARS away. They are planning to release this as alpha in a few months, beta a year or so after that, and then final release after that. The pledges are only to get them into alpha, so they can make more money from alpha. We get it all though There seem to be several different estimated deliveries in the pledges. What is the expected launch date of the final game? First off, i would like to say that i commend you all at Sandswept Studios for taking on such a challenge. I think that this game will be extremely immersive. The only thing I would like to have more information on is if or when the game will be on mac. I know it may be to early to tell, but it would be a huge weight off my shoulders if you could give me your best forecast of what is to come. -Ian Congrats on breaking 100K! Cash, I recommend looking through the FAQ. Answers quite a lot. <url>"zed" by some. @Cutter I'm excited but at the same time I always keep in mind that there's a good chance it won't be nearly as cool as I hope, or won't have the features I want, etc. A lot of the really cool ideas are going to be very difficult to simulate in the game. I will say this, if an activity is cool but they cannot come up with a great graphical representation, I wouldn't mind having that activity as an option even if it's implemented in kind of a crappy looking way. Hitting 100k today! Im very excited to watch this project progress. Just backed you guys! Really hoping that the excess funding will allow you to make a MAC version, since I backed you without even having a PC. Great concept and I wish you the best of luck! err... are you really fussed? Quit calling zombies "zeds" it sounds stupid, where did that originate from? Man, these screenshots are really making me excited! But just one question, since you guys are for sure getting the funding, are you already working full time? i hope theres a ladder on that water tower, would be a great sniper point for taking out them zeds :D Pledged, good luck. Make this game spectacular =p. What amount of money will fully bring this game to fruition? As 60k brings it to Alpha. Another early alpha screenshot was posted <url>"gameplay!", we don't have anything to look at right now. Currently I'm only aware of about 4-5 actual models that are in place and creating models is where a lot of the work goes into. At this point it just looks like a lot of ambition and nothing to show for it, hopefully I'm wrong about that, but unless we see something to prove that, you're likely to see some people start to withdraw pledges soon. I think building a sustainable farm with animals and gardens would be a nice touch. Would certainly add a whole new element that you would need to protect. And I was a big fan of the basic needs in Fallout New Vegas on hardcore mode. Having to route a water supply to your base to sustain yourself and your livestock/garden could be fun too. Can we farm? And get cattle? Lol XD I NEED FOOD Oh man only ten days left!?!? I want this project to get many more backers, not to mention funds! damn.... 500th comment living the life! Kicking it forward from Zpocalypse. Go Zombie games! If I could have one feature request, it would be for weapon handling similar to what appeared in the Infiltration mod (<url>"making the game even more awesome than originally planned:. :D @ Jesse Farnham. That looks like stalker COP. COP was a direct x 11 game. The dev indicated that this game will be dx9. If that's the case it won't look like the stalker game pictured. The style might be the same, but it won't have tessellation or other Dx11 effects. Im a backer :D Hope it all ends well guys, first pledge i make :) 5 things....ummm. 1: Chainmail. Really hard to bite through. 2: Firesteel 3: One of those demolition tools that has all the fun bits on it for tearing apart buildings 4: the keys to a Brinks truck to live in the back of. 5: an assortment of seeds. (corn, wheat, vegetables etc.) So what do you guys plan on doing with the extra 40+ thousand dollars? Thefivepiecesofgearthing: 1.eco-wind-up flashlight 2.binoculars 3. telescopic retractable steel baton. 4. knife 5. salbutamol inhaler (from asthma) 2,500 backers, :D I hope that using my Visa gift card will work, This seems amazing though. Everything seems like a good idea and the MP seems fun too. Good Job and i hope to get to pledge lol :D @ Michael Darling. Check the forums, they already said what graphics would be like <url>"stalker," which is like the graphics they'll use (found info here <url>"Search" button. If I can really get into a building, board it up, and scavenge through it in an FPS kind of way instead of just contectual, I would explode into a cloud of happiness. Hell, even if this was built on good ol' Source engine, it'd be fine. Just imagine: The streets are clear except for a lone straggler ambling down the street. You dart across, keeping low, aiming for the house with the closed door and the broken window. Jagged glass teeth fill the gaping maw of the window. You can't be too loud or you will draw the one, and he will draw others, but you have no choice. The glass shatters as it hits the floor. It's loud, but not too loud. One final glance down the street and you see that your secret is still safe. Pulling yourself through, you find an overturned table that will fit infront of the window well enough. The pistol that was tucked in your jeans is now in your hands. The safety is off. Aside from the visual noise of the chaos of the tennants' fight or flight, the house is quiet. The first floor is clear. The kitchen's bounty is mostly intact. A bottle of water is a precious find. You finally move upstairs. All of the doors are open, except for the one at the end. Still, quiet. You creep forward. You give the door a light rap, and receive a deep, airless moan in return. Kicking the door open, you fire off one round into the head like a reflex. An old man, eviscerated, collapses to the floor. He was a survivor. After clearing out the rest of the top floor, you head back to the first floor only to be greeted by a solemn and unnatural knock on the door. The knocking turns into clawing. Before you can think of how to silence the lone straggler, a second set of rotting hands join it in chorus. This makes me happy. I, and several friends of mine, have been looking for something like The Dead Linger in this genre of gaming for quite some time. In the words of several great historical figures and some colleagues, "Shut up and take my money!" Yeah over 90k! Easily into the hundred thousands! @ Alexander & Alex. That's the spirit! I mean, it's like a dream game come true, and so far they haven't deviated from a perfect track so why not stick it through? Honestly haven't seen anything that would indicate any problems with it being completely amazing and at this rate it'll be better than they expected, making everything happen that much sooner! Pledging with a hope that the future of the Linux version will become the present of the Linux version. I will keep the faith. This is a donation site. There is risk and its not just about the reward. And I have to believe that this game with be everything and more that it said because the idea is just so awesome. @Eric yeah understandable, Kickstarter is exciting and I've been spending money on it that I really shouldn't be, it's easy to get caught up in the excitement. Sometimes you gotta take a step back and be a little critical. It's pretty much guaranteed some projects, perhaps many more than we'd like to think, will ultimately fail to deliver anything or at least not what its backers expected. Not saying this project, but it's a general warning I like to keep reminding people of because as much as I like Kickstarter, I don't like the idea of people giving money without realizing there are absolutely no guarantees, you have to always keep in mind that it is basically a donation. I think i'll remove my pledge if there is no gameplay before April 30th . There is no real advantnages or any reduction of the game price, alpha will be 25$ on Sandswept website when released. It's basically nothing else than preordering. But really reading the forums and etc I became septic about this game. You say it is a hardcore survival , but I see the exact opposite the forums. Just womdering if we will know where our content is located? On my podcast both this week and next I bring up The Dead Linger and urge my listeners to donate. You can check out the episode at: <url>… If you would like to help promote the game, go post on attack of the shows Facebook and or Twitter and tell them why you're excited for this game. Now! Dave- your comment on the shadow run page hit right on the money. And for here what is everyone five choices for there gear in the event of zombie doom? Hey Dave. GeReat minds think alike eh? While your here take a look at <url>" test out all of your zombie survival plans," Guys, I miss Alex. Im just going to say leave the exposure up to the developer's. if they want us to spam someone to get some attention, then they can ask for it. Other than that, let them choose where they advertise. I am super excited to see how this game turns out! For too long I have been waiting for a game exactly like this.. I thought dead island was going to be great but something about it just didn't work for me. Lately I have been playing the dynamic zombie mod on Arma 2 which turns out to be extremely fun but the game crashes alot and theres no way to barricade(that I know of). All I ask is some kind of mobile fort like an RV or a train, what I would really love is a yacht ; ). It's more about just all of them seeing it and telling people. And everyone that follows them or looks on their Facebook will see this. @Josh Jordan how so? They always welcome indie games and always have a segment showing a few. I understand that it probably won't get on the show, but it's just about getting out there! @Jack yeah hate the show as well it's pretty much personifies whats wrong with the game industry today. @Jack well actually it could hurt :) If we try now and fail then it might ruin another chance in the future.... oh there's those people yapping about that game again that had no video or much at all to show.... I really think for a TV show, you need some video and it has to be decent video I actually hate Attack of the Show with a burning passion, but it would give the game more exposure, which is always good. I'm not an Alex-esque middle school student howling for gameplay; I get why they aren't showing any yet. But even so, getting the game featured on the show without any footage might be difficult. Still, trying can't hurt. @Alex Catchpole We don't need you here, we're already passed the donation goal go back to lego star wars please. They're not going to show incomplete gameplay because a 10 year old wants to see it so badly. Alright Saturday 6 PM central time! Works for me! Good idea man! Alex Must Be A Troll Or a 10 year old.... I agree, come on Alex give it a rest already! @Alex Catchtool: Ugh, shut up already. The game hasn't been in development for long, and screaming "gameplay" like a ten year old isn't going to do anything but piss people off. GAMEPLAY!!!!!!!!!!! Also, maybe an extra day to make sure everyone can see? I changed my other post to Saturday at 6 central. Ok I made a post @Cash maybe we should make a post on their websites forum and direct everyone to it? <url>"OVER 9000!" Too early in the day...blargh. Still getting evils off wife from backing game and the suspicion of watching pr0n. :| Any how...I'm hoping this will steer clear of the direction Dead Island went...That got old super quick...I'm hoping for a more "Zombie:The Awakening" vibe (if anyone remembers that...it got canned sadly :( ) Over 125% ! Would be easy to just flood AOTS's Facebook or twitter with comments about it. Organize a specific time and just blow em up? @Mike Yes, but AOTS is also quite different from a normal tv show. They've done similar things before. will we be given a map to our content? i am really looking forward to this game. it looks like everything i have ever dreamed of. good luck and greetings from norway. @Cash For a TV show, assuming we had ANY chance even, I think you would have to provide some video of the game. @Anders The website summary of the game mentions driving, and the forums have some vehicle discussions, so it looks like they plan to have vehicles. guy if we get just over 1,500 a day for the next 18 days we'll be at the $100,000 finally saved up enough for the $100 pledge, can't wait for this game to come out. Yeah, turn down that kid's free money! That . . . that'll show him . . . i would like to be able to dig that would be cool. i dont know if ive missed it but will the character be able to drive cars or use machines? love the concept, but im a mac user so i guess ill have to wait a while til i get to play it :/ cant wait thou :D Can you guys at Sandswept make sure every single zombie in Alex's game looks like Ryan Seacrest? That kid is annoying. Haha you should refuse his pledge. Bbbbbuuuuuuurrrrrnnnnn!!!!!!! Nor will stretching ooouuuuttt the word. Just saying. You're pledging for something pre-alpha; you have to give it time! Everybody wants to see gameplay, and we'll see it when it's ready. Posting about it every couple of hours is not going to make it come any faster. gameplay!!!!! gameplay! gameplay! please just give us gameplay! I demand gameplay! gammmeeeeeppllllaaaayyyy!!!!!!!!! @David: A little healthy pressure is good for business! @Raymond: no pressure then :P I really hope your team makes sure this game is a success. Given the turnout of Detour (i'd never heard of it before) you have yet to prove yourself as a developer. If this game fails, I can't imagine you will have the same support you have had with The Dead Linger ever again. Please make this a game that explodes your name into the gaming world as a marvelous, completely unexpected title from an otherwise unknown developer. Get yourself up there with Valve and create some healthy competetion. Good luck Sandswept and don't disappoint. I'm a belieber! Is there another specific target you guys want to aim for next? :) Cos we're now at 71 !! :-D We need to try to get Attack of the Show to do a segment mentioning this!!! EVERYBODY email aots on their website and try to get these guys the chance for their game to be on national television. This could spark so many more donations!!!! Will there be reflections and/or breakable glass? it is my pet peeve in games where the glass isn't glass its just a wall with a pre-configured image plastered onto it. although i know this would be hard to implement, im just wondering (maybe down the road?) Thanks @CaribbeanWolf, I think I will wait for some gameplay videos. Good idea. Cheers. @Joe I'd say pretty slim seeing as they already have another game (DETOUR) under their proverbial belts. Worst case scenario you can always take out the money before the day count reaches 0. This of course would be done in the most heinous of circumstances. I'm sure that before the 19 days are up they'll have some decent gameplay videos to soothe yours and everyone else's (including my own) nerves! Good luck Sandswept! What is the probability that this game gets tanked? Is it going to be, like, 50/50? Or only a 10% chance? I gotta know, I backed 50 dollars which wasn't easy making. Thanks. Here's $50 and I'm going to record and release a plug for this on our next podcast (Look for it Monday at www.BearSwarm.com) to try to help you get some bonus cash to really drive this game home. I figure every little bit helps. Wow, someone pledged 2k! Not that I have $2000 to pledge, but I think it is a shame that you cant choose to be a friendly NPC :P Or will that be the $4000 pledge! haha. Okay so I gotta know, what happens if you guys completely tank the game? Give it a break on the gameplay demands, sheesh. They made the kickstarter in order to make a better game, and its going to take a little while. Im sure they are as eager to get something polished out to us as we are to see it. Upgraded my pledge to 50! This looks like it will be stunning! Yes, gameplay! Will it be ready by the end of this week? I'm going on a trip soon, and I won't have access to a computer for a while. GAMEPLAY!!!! I WANT GAMEPLAY!!!! GIVE ME GAMEPLAY!!! I want gamely before i go ahead with donating. Just upgraded my pledge to $35! I wonder how long you guys will wait with showing some gameplay, everwhere I look I see people asking/begging for gameplay footage! Also, one small question! Will the soundtrack be available after release for purchase? Amazing, I'm the first backer of the $35 sountrack edition. thanks for replying to my message! Looking forward greatly to the game and beautiful music. :| @ wife thinking I was watching pr0n while Dana was dancing on the vlog. ZOMG! *beats head against desk* I'd be very content to see a big $180,000 pledged at the end of this campaign! @ David Someone linked this site awhile ago, pretty interesting at estimating where it'll end. Hopefully it doesn't even out since they hit 60k. The estimate was at 180k ending earlier. <url>"multiplayer (optional)" in the FAQ. Could you please confirm whether or not single player is supported? Danke TCO Oie...had to reduce my pledge again. :| Too many games. At this level I have the money in my account NOW and will possibly be able to up my pledge to around 50/100 on payday. You can also visit this link; <url>"the other two" are currently Wasteland 2 and Shadowrun. These seem to be the big kids on the block at the moment. Though there seems to be the yogscast MC style game too... O.o oie. Too many projects to back. :| I keep reading something about "the other two." What are these people referring to? If there are other Zombie games out there then I must throw my money at them all! 2012 is the year developers take back the reigns of gaming! HUZZAH! I can't wait ^_^ Doubled my pledge. Too many times I have seen zombie games that sound promising vanish into nothingness. Rawwk Now i get a backpack :P I would so love to have a big box version of this too. Well, this one will get much less funding then the other two, as it doesnt have a big name behind it. This one is also more risky though. If "lowering your pledge" on the others means lowering to not get some random bit of content, then might as well if you like the sound of this.. but if it means losing a copy of the game, or losing your collectors box set? EH. This project will be funded either way, but it all comes down to rewards really. If you want your pledge to make a difference, here is most likely the better place... but if you want awesome rewards, then the other two are. :P (I mean that in the nicest possible way too, they DO have 40x more funding, but they are still very worthy games to pledge to) Sweet! Oie...Dunno if I should lower my pledge on other projects and get a bigger one on this. All three I'm backing at the moment are so promising. ARGH! Dilemma! Under 8k to go! :) @Willy TMI I've made my pledge. :D I'm really hoping this turns out nice and gory. We'll reach the goal I'm sure of it. I'm pooping my pants out of excitement and anticipation of this game. Any chance of screenshots being released any time soon? I just pledged. :D Question: 26000 Kilometers and 16 total players? Doesn't this seem a bit one-sided? Why such a large area for so few people? (Or better yet, so few people for such a large area?) Wouldn't be easy to assume that you could play all day on a server and never see another person? Geoff Keene will be appearing on CROSSHAIRS Live gaming podcast Sun @ 3pm est @ crosshairschat.com As we all can tell, the fundings are going to be way beyond 60.000. What are you planning to do with the extra money? Last push ! @$50+K At current rate of funding, I think this can fund in the next 24 hours :D Almost 50k! @Swert Yeah I totally forgot about random gen world, I guess that kills the idea. Now that I think about it though, it might also hurt the exploration aspect, I LOVE exploring. @SaucyemmettC I was so pumped for Project Zomboid and followed it for months, but it just seemed to be going in a direction I didn't like. It seems so heavily focused on just managing personal health stats, like hey you're depressed or bored, take pill or do X to fix it. I feel like things such as boredom should come from me as the real life human player, if I get bored in real life I seek out more things to build, locations to explore. Main things I want in a zombie game are building/fortifying, crafting that progresses, and exploration. I like the idea of progressing and increasing safety that allows more advanced goals. I guess the idea of increasing safety goes directly against Zomboid's theme doesn't it? :) Anyway I think Project Zomboid is great and I have lots of respect for them, just didn't turn out to be what I hoped for. I hope you guys get the funding you need. It looks like you have a great game in the works! I'm extremely excited about this project, and I'm happy to lay down some hard-earned to help you get there. I'm impressed with the speed at which you folks are able to churn out fully rendered content (which is to say, I love the frequent updates) and I appreciate that you're going to make this available to lower-end machines (like mine). Lastly, the fortification option is genius. I love the idea that hard work, creativity and diligence are paid off with security and stability and that the opposite traits are punished with face-eating. Great work, guys and gals, and best of luck. As a huge Stalker fan the only thing I've ever wanted in Stalker was a really well built co-op mode. Not a hack or a user mod, but a co-op mode where the game was built specifically for it. That's what I see in your game here. I'm in, and I'm excited. Yeah david, these guys are fast. On their twitter, forums, here- they respond normally within 10-30 mins. its only been recently they have started to slow. But between the development of this awesome game, and all the extra fans they have flooding their inbox that is understandable :P Thanks for the quick reply! :) they are apparently working on making a pre-alpha video. They have been working on the ENGINE for half a year now, but gameplay is just on the verge (as far as I can tell from their answers to other people/messages on twitter) One can never have too many zombie games, and this one sounds solid. Any chance of at least some gameplay video before the end of the project? I mean, at this stage it's going to fund anyway ( :D ) but extra funding never hurt, right? thanks :) I dont know if this is everyone- But there is this page on their forums. <url>"less realistic" content, more weapons, buildings, actual campaign missions (co-op and single), different apocalypse rules (Nuclear, Flu Strain, comet, war). Granted, this is all out there speculating. But really the sky is the limit, even if we get everything we have been promised. We need better awards.In game item is useless Yes! This is actually looking pretty good so far, 45/60K already! This might be the most awesome game ever. This actually might be the last game I ever play. Unless we're expecting a TDL saga :P Changed my pledge to $100 cant wait for this game!!!! Good luck with the rest of development, greetings from Orem, UT! Saucy my opinionated self says it will be better because of "up to" 16 player co-op. ("Supporting up to at least 16 players in a single world, The Dead Linger can be played solo or with a group of friends watching your back.") Now to make choices where to hold up. Do you want to go to the police station, prison, school, or hospital. Hope its even better than Project Zomboid Both are my dream zombie games PLEASE DONT FAIL US So, you hand us a backpack to get us kickstarted.... B-) I wonder if they plan on including the ability to eventually set up a walled-garden or a hydroponic growing system to help you survive. It should be possible to survive indefinitely on canned goods you scavenge but a meal or trail rations made from fresh food you grow yourself should confer some kind of bonus. While I hate limited inventory space and would like "the kickstarter" for that reason, it also kind of seems like cheating, no? woo! $42k, *inserts obligatory hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference* /start totally hypothetical post Out of interest, if someone pledged $1000 with the name "Experimental Atomic Powered Raygun" would it become "The "Experimental Atomic Powered Raygun" Update -- with a whole set of items named after Experimental atomic powered rayguns. " because if so, that would be a lolzy way for a scifi nut to get some unrealistic content in. And would be hilarious. /end totally hypothetical post Is there any way we can volunteer you know like do voices or draw stuff or graffiti maybe Easter eggs. Maybe even do hats like TF2, lots and lots of hats. :) I'm backing this because Brandy Chaps and Churches-Peaches are master-crafting some of the most profound musical literature that will ever have been composed, challenging the learned connoisseur while charming the hearts of lay-music lover and enhancing both experiences. I must ensure that, before the world is taken over by zombies, I have done my part to enrich our musical repertoire and better prepare myself for fighting off zombies. @Sandswept Studios Are there going to be large areas between cities? How about small towns? Deserts? Very excited about this game. Just saw it today, and I died. I had to pledge $25. You best be developing this baby fast! :D Glad to say I'm one of the 59 $100 pledges Zombie survival sandbox? Oh hell yeah! I've been waiting a *long* time for this. 9gag sucks, I wouldnt really WANT people who frequent that site to fund this project... @Aske Brink-Vilsen: I would, but I find uploading too much of a pain (not to mention Im a redditor) Someone else can XD (I already did one on reddit) I would recommend someone making a post on the site 9gag.com about this. You upload an image file, and if given people give it a positive vote, houndreds of thousands will see it. It's free and great advertisement for you guys, since hundreds of thousands visit the site daily and nearly every post gets shared on Facebook by tens of thousands. PS: Zombies are very popular on 9gag and this will probably go to the front page if presented well. -Aske almost to 40k! We can do it! @Sandswept Studios: Given the ability to fortify and barricade oneself anywhere you want, does this essentially open up the possibility of NEVER dying; if one was able to barricade that well? Or do you plan on creating inevitable storms / super zombies / natural disasters that will make it impossible to remain in one spot for the entire duration of the game? Oie disregard...Stupid firefox didnt display the image :| HURP DERP! *beats head against desk* Are you guys gonna go on the "kicking it forward" thing? It seems to have helped out alot of other projects ^_^ Woot! 1006! RAWK! Zombie games FTW! Much love and luck everyone ^_^ Just became the 1000th backer. Good luck Sandswept! @ Mike for the moment there isn't going to be any friendly npcs giving out quests (not in the alpha) the "quests" are what you make them to be. For example we have to go raid that warehouse for supplies. They haven't said how many weapons are planned for the game, besides maybe 3 guns and 10 melee weapons when the alpha first comes out and then add more every couple of weeks. Yes you can pick up anything and throw it, but as for actual weapons they are asking for people to make models/concepts and they may include them in the game. The game is going to feature randomly generated maps so there is no designated off the beaten path areas since everyone's maps will be different. Also all my information is coming from what the Design Director Zag has said on the forums. I think a massive variety of melee weapons makes sense given that you can simply grab just about anything and use it for that purpose. Also, being uncontrolled in most countries actual melee weapons should be far more available than firearms. Now, about those guns, there probably shouldn't be a huge variety of them. They should probably be mostly civilian types, hunting types. Maybe a few kickass guns could be out there but rare, maybe in locations that are difficult to access or just hidden in areas well off the beaten path as a reward for exploration. I guess they could also be part of a difficult quest or in the hands of very tough NPCs. If you want to get those weapons from those NPCs you'd have to come up with a clever way of doing so since they'd easily beat you in a straight up fight. Ah, so many ideas that can be thrown around for this game, I love it. @ Siresly , The Dead Linger is only using the kickstarter to allow some of their team to continue working on the game full time. The game was going to get developed whether or not it was funded or not. They are planning on hopefully sometime between April-May, but it's not guaranteed and the kickstarter page says maybe 3-6 months. @ Aske Brink-Vilsen, I don't think you will be able to fully customize your weapons, there has been talk about attaching flashlights and stuff, but nothing solid yet. The game is aiming for a STALKER look but it might eventually look better. The weapons aren't going to be similar to borderlands, they will have a wide variety of guns, some with multiple variations, and there will be a lot of melee weapons. Will you be able to customize your characters and weapons? -That would be cool. also, I'm expecting this to be a lot like Borderlands compared to both graphics and weapons, say the sketchy artwork the game uses and the ridiculous amount of different weapons in the game! Am I way off on this? You can thank Chris O'neill aka OneyNG on Youtube and Newgrounds for my pledge. He gave a shoutout to 400.000 people on Youtube. I don't think I would have know about this project without him. Keep up the good work. -Aske at alpha they start selling the game like minecraft was sold. As far as I was aware this was the point of the kickstarter, getting enough money to push their alpha out so they can find the rest of the project using their profits Say the game reaches alpha state and you run out of Kickstarter money, how will you fund the final stretch of development, and how long do you reckon it'll take from alpha to proper release? Zag, You might want to consider adding the following to the FAQ, just to clarify in the future for people like Alexis: What platform is this releasing on? Windows PC for now, we're hoping to also get some Mac and Linux support out there later on! Your game key will work for all platforms, so you can start playing on the Mac/Linux versions if/when they are released for no additional contribution. Cheers. wow i just got an e-mail from them for bieng the 900 backer i appreciate the personal touch. im also EXCITED about this game. KEEP IT UP! I have a mac, but I couldn't resist backing this project. Will it be possible to save my reward for a mac friendly version? Yeah! over 50%!!! Sorry about the double post but I had to say something. The concept art with instructions on how to make the sharpened rebar on your website cracks me up. I've always wanted an end-of-the-world-scenario game with base building/recruiting/scavenging/action elements all rolled into one. Kind of a Minecraft meets Terraria meets Resident Evil thing. This is close to what I had in mind from the sound of it. The thing that really got me to donate was the random world generation. That and the warm fuzzy feeling of helping a person do something they love. I just wish I had heaps money. I'd spend so much of it on Kickstarter. We get all versions of the game mike, dont worry. We will be able to be a part of the whole development :P When it says you get a copy of the game on release, is that final release only or do we get to try the alpha/beta/etc as well? Sorry if this was already thought of: You guys ever think about adding a competitive game mode to this? Perhaps have a scavenger mode where its four teams of four players each all scavenging for resources like food and water and ammo. Players would have to choose whether they want to stay in a group or split up to leave people behind to defend their building they chose to fortify. Make it so that the winner of the game is the team that holds 70% of the resources or maybe has the most resources in their fortress at the end of the round? Players would have to fight off zombies and other players as they scavenge, steal from other teams, and defend their home base. I think it would be really fun! Sorry for the plug, but my site has got an interview with Sandswept about the game! <url>#pid3391 Keep up the good work, guys! If you want mroe backing esspeccially at alpha stage, go see how wolfire games have done it, producing a videos every 2-3 weeks or once a week sometimes of about 5 mins lenghs to show the latest updates, art assets etc. This gives potential buyers massive confidance in your product and also allows for great feedback from the community. Please consider this or something similar. Your game looks great and if you maybe get a few art assets and maybe even if it's VERY early alpha gameplay it will defiantly encourage more funding. Be much mroe open and support will grow massively. Is this game actually coming out in June (at least in some form aka alpha/beta) or is the estimated delivery not right? That just seems very soon when there's no in-game footage/screens at all. It makes no difference to whether or not I still pledge, I just want to know when I get to play it ;). @Sandswept Well it was an example :P It would be hard if not impossible for you to release this game hard boxed as awesome as that would be. Who wants to wait a couple of YEARS to receive a kickstarter reward... Oh my god, this is one of the two games that I've always dreamed about. can't wait over 50% with plenty of time. Glad to see people are supporting this awesome project! I agree, the more information readily available to us (be it screen-shots or hopefully another video) the easier it'll be to get the project flowing. I've been posting your youtube video on a few different sites and people almost always react the same way: "We need to see how it'll be different from other games and not just an empty promise". They say empty due to lack of footage, I just hope this'll help point you in the right direction. I for one fully support the cause, best of luck in these last 25 days I'm sure you'll more than beat the mark! I'd love to see some more pictures, screens and clarification in general of how the game will work. Maybe a huge FAQ update (as a new KS update) which answers a whole lot of questions asked (here). - Perhaps an update where we can ask the questions which get answered in the following? - Just voicing my support for a Steam version (for the final copy, A/B not needed) - Some more reward levels would never hurt. 150/250/5000 Pledged $1 for now to post. Wrote a post on my site here > <url>"okay, you donate $750, we will send you a disk at alpha, beta, and a large box copy at release" But it would HAVE to be that expensive to make it worth their wild. Eh, I wouldnt worry. If there was enough call for it they may release a boxed limited version for sale on their website upon release. woo 50,11% @Kieron, i see what you saying, didnt think of it that way. doh. but having a boxed version as a momento would still be awesome, and I would have a problem of paying like 50 more for a limited edition big box set. also, woo! 50%! the problem with that michael is, they plan to make this alpha funding. There could be 1-2 gb PATCHES every few months. While they could certainly send a very much final version boxed...That could take years to get finished. But yes, being from australia (while we by no means have it THAT expensive) I do know the reasoning behind a hard box copy. It is the reason I upgraded to 100 for DFA. and if they could promise one, I may even consider it here too. But being alpha funding that is pretty hard. That's why I suggested it as an extra level, pay $X more to get the hard copy. IM BAAAAACK. (Yea, I am crazy, deal with it.) So another question, which I see was previously asked but not answered: the copy of the game from the $25 or up reward level will be digital, yes? Will you consider adding additional levels for a "hard copy"? I ask this firstly, because physicals stuff is awesome, and secondly if you are from somewhere like South Africa, where bandwidth can go for almost $10 per gigabyte, it would maybe be a key 'selling' point. (yes, there are 'unlimited' bandwidth options, but they cost and arm and a leg and a few kidneys). Also, a "Big Box" type release would also be amazing. Cheers. that's awesome, thanks for the quick reply. Oh I see now, so there's no actual 'building' per se, rather just fortifiyng? Just curious. Sorry another question, I searched but couldnt find it. Just how in depth will building/fortifying etc. be? Are we talking literal building some sort of defense from scratch (materials/placement a la minecraft although obviously not cubes), modifiyng in place buildings (moving things, adding ladders, placing planks etc.) or something along the lines of garrys mod? again if unanswerable thats fine. @Sandswept Studios - Yes, yes. I am aware that there will be a WORLD, not just city, mall or a forest. Just glad you guys will look at the project as serious as we (playerbase) would like you to. And I am in no way complaining. Shit I swear to God, if you guys eventually deliver (no need to rush) this game will be legendary in the genre. Just look back on the zombie games - like FPS sub-genre. All of them do things right, but none of them even attempt to be THE ZOMBIE GAME. In recent years all of the genres except for one started "pussyficating" (decline) at expense of quality of graphics vs. features/gameplay depth. So I not only support you financially, I'll try to add some material to the appropriate section in the forums. Thank you Sandswept Studios for even attempting bring us this awesome game. Eagerly waiting for updates. Thanks for the quick response. Considering I have the rights on the name and logo, I could get a release drawn up giving you permission to use it in game. But yea, we can talk about it further down the line. Good luck! I HATE YOU PEOPLE AND YOUR AWESOME PROJECTS. TAKE MY MONEYZ!!! On a serious note, for the "Small piece of game content named after you." reward, would you be able to have a store sign with my company name and logo? Whatever the case, looking forward to it! Cheers. Quick question: will there be a lot of z visual variations ? I mean, like more than five textures on same zombie model ? Would be great to see some variety in the way they look. You know, since you're in a city and all... I've checked the website , forums and answer you gave, and this really seems like you're not being easy on the survival part of the game, this may be the game we've all been waiting for. Question regarding zombies, will they respond to the health system, where shooting them x number of times kills them (headshot multipliers etc) or will there be a system where shooting them in the legs takes the leg off and slows them, or a combination of both? If its unanswerable, thats fine. I really want to see this game made.I just wish I had more money to spend.OhZombies....How I do love to kill some zombies. 50 from me i want this game to live and to experience a true open world zombie game with 100% differ and freedom pledged 25, will pledge more next paycheck. I've been looking forward to this exact type of game for a very long time! I require this game immediately. Thanks Just backed it! Can't wait to get a copy. I'll be doing a write up on my website soon. <url>"action" game. I followed Project Zomboid for a long time and it's a great idea, but it just didn't seem to be going in the direction I wanted, seems to be mainly focused on only basic survival, personal health, not much exploration and building/crafting. It's very focused on realistic difficulty which is cool, but I can't help but want some of that grandeur traditionally found in games. $50 from me too, now go do some work slaves! :) You guys have my $50, hopefully we get a kick ass game out of this! lol notch just backed. AAA developers often make their own engines, or use engines they have already made/bought. As for games made with OGRE, there is one pretty well known game out there, apparently Torchlight was made with it. AAA game engines? lol i don't think thats a thing but hopefully you'll get my point :p LOL, do you really know what it is then? like I said, its a graphic rendering engine, not a game engine, which is why AAA titles don't use it, because they have specific game engines they can use to make their FPS or RTS or whatever A graphics engine can do everything a game engine can do, it just requires more coding and frankly for a game as innovative as this, I want something uniquely coded and not the same package they offer on AAA game engines Yeah I know what it is, and I don't really remember good things being done on it . @Eric its an engine for graphic rendering, as far as a gamer is concerned, graphics should look superb as I personally have seen the lighting, texture, shadows OGRE can make in capable hands keep up the good work Sandswept Studios i have full faith in this game A photoshopped "screen" trying to render what's the game is going to look like. I'm septic about Ogre 3D, can we eventually get a "targeted rendering" screen ? What game engine will this be run on? Just trying to get an idea of how this will look make it better, make it faster IF they show some proper gameplay, and more people begin to belive that this will be epic.. and it goes viral... What would they do with a ton more money then they wanted? yay, over 1/3 of the way there :D @ Justagigolo They have stated that there will be no steam release for the time being. The plan seems to be similar to minecraft in that it will go through alpha, then beta, then to final release. If they decide to release on steam LATER on the other hand, well then they will. But for the alpha and beta testing stages it would be too hard over steam considering they are going for a minecraft style of release. Will this see a Steam release? i just thought it was gonna be a cosmetically awesome piece of tool of some sort, like a "super welder" or something @Steven The Kickstarter will most likely be a backpack. That is based on stuff already released. If that is the case, it wont make you an endless zombie killing machine. Though, I agree with your general assertion, it shouldn't be the "best". I think there should still be some better backpacks to find (rarely) but it should be pretty high up there. I don't want this kickstarter item. It doesnt make sense for the player to start with the best item in the game. Assuming it is a weapon, why would I want to use any other weapon ever, if the kickstarter is better? Just curious, when can we expect to see gameplay footage? Alright, thanks Eric. I'll be keeping an eye on the updates. Michael, for you first question, this is terraria style. for your second I think this will be possible, I don't know how much of it we'll have to, but I guess customization and crafting are part of the game. and for your third question, yes indeed, I think it is . (As they said: Game will be cheaper in alpha) so yeah, totally Alpha Funding project. Marcus, we don't know much about the world gen yet, more to come soon according to devs. I have a few questions for the developers of "The Dead Linger": 1. Will the character data and the world data be saved in the same file (i.e: Minecraft) or saved separately (i.e: Terraria); will I be able to transport my character back and forth between Single Player town and Multiplayer town(s) (which effectively makes the game world truly infinite). 2. Thinking back on "I am Legend", I remember the protagonist constructed a makeshift lab in his safe house; so I was wondering if we will be able to fashion various equipment/facilities just like one would in a zombie apocalypse. (Feel free to skip this question for sake of keeping a suspense/surprise on the project) 3. Will this be a continuous/semi-continuous project like Minecraft? (i.e: released Alpha, Beta, continuous update until completion; also leaves room for possible future update.) I'm sure this has been mentioned somewhere in the "world generator" category but I'm curious. Will the game generate tropical islands? Will there be a weather dynamic? Thanks for your time and effort! Given a previous request for a 64-bit version, I would like to point out there are plenty of 32-bit users out there too. While perhaps a bit late, I would also suggest that OpenGL offers the advantage of being portable to Mac/Linux as well as offering advanced features (like tessellation) across all platforms, which DirectX does not. One suggestion for the pledge rewards, how about offering people the chance to be a zombie? They send a picture of their face (or that of an unsuspecting friend!) and you build a model using it (suitably "enhanced" with zombie cosmetics of course). That add some interest - muhhhhhhhhh..... See I think it is world gen that has us the most worried- But is also the biggest and best reason why this project has to work. A working, detailed city generator- no, COUNTRY generator will be worth a lot, it may even kickstart (heh heh heh I HAD to) a whole new world of possibilities for modding and people making games based on the code. It does indeed, I imagined something like that, also something else i'm afraid of is the world being generated randomly, I think this is great idea for this kind of game, but aren't the environment going to look too generic at sometimes ? Or are we going to see different city "design" , mountain, sea, lakes, forest, survivalism style . ? I'd love walking off a road after looting car, and finding some kind of "lost" village in the forest, with people not being aware of what happened, or something like that . Also boats and air balloons. I'm just confused about the character being able to play on any server, I don't see how that is persistent, if you can't resume in the 25,000km² world you were in ... Think there is a misunderstanding there. So, no persistent world exploration with dynamic spawn etc. Kind of like Minecraft survival mod really. ? Will zombies be able to bash the crap out of your barricades? Is the alpha deal on the dead linger the same as with minecraft? That is, that IF there is ever post launch (after release, not in alpha-beta) DLC or Expansions that it will be free? Personally I hope there IS post launch content (expansion packs, NOT DLC). Since i'm assuming that lots of people will skip this till release, since it does sound too good to be true. Frankly, if you did end up releasing big meaty expansion packs after launch.. that would be great. Don't pull a terraria on us and only release one major post release patch and run away sweet thanks for clearing it up. if it becomes big, and viral, then the big ISP's like internode, iinet and TPG will make their own. SO I wouldnt worry. Or you could just find locals like me who like to play with you :P The site says that we can make our own servers, so im sure it could easily become like minecraft. Just pledged, and I NEVER do this sort of thing. One question, with the servers, will there be any run by Sandswept and external owners? I live in australia, and we always get screwed over by servers over here... So, is the multiplayer going to be persistent ? (Character linked to server) or something else ? How about a 'your likeness as a zombie' reward if that is possible? Maybe even get to record yourself saying 'Braaaaains!' :D I wish this project success! Very excited for this project, keep up the great work guys. Will this have a 64 bit exe version? I really think it is more then needed given the scope of the map and game. Without a 64bit exe it may run a little on the slow side. Don't let me down, just dropped my pledge, I love you guys for even attempting this. You're a true gamer's company, and I'm so excited for release, good luck! :) I'm really excited for this. I've been playing Outerra, which I am curious if SW studios has heard of. It is very much what I am hoping TDL to be, but of course populated with the dead as opposed to Outerra, which is supposed to be empty. I am sure you guys will be successful in this project will this be released in Steam? I love sandbox games. What direct x version will this game be using? 11? Also, what will happen if you get some silly amount like 400,000 dollars or something? I really like the idea of this game! I look forward to seeing how this project turns out!!!!! I can't wait for this, I hate how there's way to many zombie games where the emphasis is on killing zombies and not enough emphasis on actually surviving a zombie apocalypse. This game need to be made and be shown to the world, hopefully everyone else will share my point of view. Backed as hard as I possibly can. yeah, but lan play between the same copy is often frowned upon, good to know I can do it without feeling bad. :P Hell, I may be able to convince some other people to buy it that way. Could I technically have it on both computers in my house, and let people play with me when they come round? (not saying giving it to them, just want to know if two of the same copies can play together) Denotative -_-, meant definite. Just read through some comments, DRM free FTW!. And the no denotative end answer.... brilliant! True survival. Wish I could afford $50, want that in-game item. Went in for $25, is the game DRM free? Can it be installed on more then one computer? i have two main ones in my house, prefer not to be limited to one ^_^. The idea of this game is something I've always wanted to see done. Am going to love spending hundreds of hours in this massive world. Thanks so much for going into this! June is going to take forever to get here now xD. I like zombies, and I like sandbox games, so this is right up my street. Really like the sound of this! I'm in for $25 and might up it if I can swing the extra cash. While I realise that OSX/Linux support might not be your first priority, I really hope that it's something you'll be able to achieve down the line. @Sean I agree with you 100% on DRM and have never purchased (and never intend to) a game requiring online activation so EA, Ubisoft, Activision, 2KGames, etc have all gone on my boycott list (aside from the occasional GOG release). The money saved is instead going to projects like this and DRM-free vendors like GOG, HumbleBundle and IndieRoyale. Having said that, I'm going to have to limit the time I spend on Kickstarter - it's becoming an expensive habit... For some reason I can never read the title of this game correctly... :P I blame TF2 for that (even though I don't play it anymore). - I keep reading "Linger" as if it's pronounced more like "The Dead Ringer" yes, exactly like that :o You really should point out your forums/website more. It took me awhile to really explore it as much, but reading it made me feel much more "safer" in pledging towards you. Thank you for the quick response. Could you expand your answer on the first question please? Examples? Sub-objectives? If there's no end or way to win the game it does sound like a MMO "styled" game. I hope they would make a campaign map mode, with support for custom stories, (on pre-randomised maps perhaps?) and then sandbox sprawling awesomeness, While I am still sceptical over this project (it sounds too good to be true), I hope it all works out. If they do plan on taking user content, I think i'll try to write a bunch of journal entries and wall messages lol I pledged but have a few questions: 1) With a randomly generated world will there still be objectives/ quests/ story line in the game? 2) You're not trying to go the MMO route I hope? 3) Can you "win" the game or is this just kill, kill, kill to rack up points/ achievements ala Valve's L4D? Thanks for any answers you can provide. You should "kick it forward" may get you some more marketing, that and its a good cause. <url>