The Hydration Shirt - line drawings F.A.Q. 1. How much more hydrated will I be with The Hydration Shirt? A typical user going for a run, playing a sport or doing high-intensity training will be able to get a 40% hydration boost in as little as 20-30 minutes on a full charge when combined with The Hydration Shorts. HydraQore inserts extract your heat based on the intensity of your workout and level of exertion. 2. How does your technology work? The Hydration Shirt works off of timeless First Aid principles taught to emergency medical personnel of all levels by the American Red Cross. Emergency Medical personnel are taught to address temperature-related illness (hypothermia & heat stroke, as examples) by placing heating or cooling inserts over the Pulse Points at the Femoral, Brachial and Ulnar/Radial arteries. The Hydration Shirt works off of the same principle, but packages it in a form factor optimized for athletes and professionals in demanding environments. 3. Is this just like every other workout shirt? Not at all! What makes The Hydration Shirt unique are the Pulse Point Pockets which hold the heat-absorbing inserts in place where our bodies have a high volume of blood flowing close to the skins surface. These inserts absorb heat from your blood stream so your body doesn't have to sweat or breathe as intensely to dispose of excess heat. In turn, this keeps more water in your body, boosting hydration and nearly every other aspect of athletic performance with it: endurance, strength, mental focus and especially recovery. Of course, The Hydration Shirt is also moisture-wicking, anti-microbial, four-way stretch, and UPF 50+. It's amazing. 4. Is The Hydration Shirt available for both men and women? Absolutely! 5. When can I expect my reward? We expect to deliver your reward by May 2016. For those of you who ADD-ON the Christmas Delivery Package, you will receive your "tree ready" Qore Performance Trucker Hat in gift box with card by December 23rd 2015! The card is the placeholder for The Hydration Shirt gift which will be delivered by May 2016 at the same time every other reward ships. 6. Do you make anything for my lower body? Yes. We currently offer The Hydration Shorts as an ADD-ON for $50. Our customers universally tell us it is THE most comfortable compression short they have ever worn. The Hydration Short is 100% Made in America. 7. Where is The Hydration Shirt manufactured? The Hydration Shirt is 100% American Made. Not one single thread, stitch, label, card or inch of fabric comes from outside the Lower 48. That's right. Same goes for our HydraQore inserts. We do sell a NON-Qore Performance brand of hand warmer on our website and those hand warmers are made overseas. 8. Does the The Hydration Shirt work with "all" sports? Thus far, we've only had prototypes, but it's worked with about a dozen of 126 Olympic events we've tested to date. We're hoping to test the rest soon. Curling will be interesting. We also ran a mile in tactical gear in the middle of a Washington DC summer: <url>ºF/15.5ºC. This is a lot higher than the melting point of ice so your body will offload heat efficiently without your blood vessels constricting. The outer shell is a smooth and extremely strong and durable polymer that resists odor and bacteria. You can even keep them charged in your water bottle. 11. Will the HydraQore inserts break? We ran over them with a Ford F-150 weighing nearly 5,000 pounds and they didn't break. The video of the tests was really fun to shoot! 12. How many times can I recharge my HydraQore inserts? The inserts have unlimited recharging capability. When we say rechargeable, we mean it! 13. Do you have a patent? Yes. We have numerous Patents Pending. We will monitor domestic and international trade shows as well as multiple USA/International internet and brick-and-mortar retailers and resellers. We will protect our Patents / brands / images / retailers / resellers to the fullest extent of the law. 14. How do I know what size to order? We've provided both a Men's and Women's Size Guide above. Don't worry though, we'll send you a survey if the project is successful that will have all of the sizing info you need then too. Plus, we'll be here the whole time via email, live chat or phone to answer any and every question you've got! 15. I have to wear a uniform shirt to work. Do you have any products I can wear under or in addition to my uniform shirt without showing? For sure! The Hydration Arm Band was actually designed with that requirement in mind. If you need a long sleeve option, The Hydration Sleeves are for you. Both products are on our website: www.QorePerformance.com. All orders placed on our website during the Kickstarter campaign will ship out same day via USPS if received before 7pm Eastern Time. 16. Why does The Hydration Shirt have only two Pulse Point Pockets? The location of the pockets in our garments, and therefore the number of HydraQore inserts supported, is determined by two main factors: 1. finding an area on the body where you have a lot of blood close to the surface of the skin, aka your pulse points, and 2. that pulse point must be generally "out of the way," so that your range of motion is not disturbed during athletic activity. The Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt targets the brachial artery on both arms because it easily meets these two criteria, and in fact, is a quite efficient place to extract heat from the body. The Long Sleeve Hydration Shirt also targets this location, but has additional pockets and inserts located at the wrist which target the Radial and Ulnar complex. Hello Backers, It is with great happiness we announce the first round of Hydration Shirts are shipping to you today. Short Sleeve Black Hydration Shirts are shipping throughout the U.S. today, the Long Sleeve Black Hydration Shirts will ship to U.S. backers tomorrow, and all International Black Hydration Shirts will be shipping in the next 3-5 days!!! If you still have not filled out your survey please send us your measurements so we can get your Hydration Shirt in the mail too! Grey, Blue, and Pink Hydration Shirts are scheduled to hit our office in the next couple of weeks and will be shipped out the day they arrive! Please contact us with any questions or needs, and send us those surveys!!!! Thanks as always for your support! Doug, Justin, J.D. Hi everyone! It has been a while since we posted an update, so I wanted to bring you up to speed. We have been working with acquiring materials and finalizing designs over the past month, and as we get our hands on these materials, we will take you through every part of the production process with regular weekly updates. For a lot of you, this might be more detail than you ever hoped for, but we hope to give you some insight into American manufacturing, all the pieces that have to come together to make a great product, and the challenges you have to overcome along the way. We’re hoping that in doing so, you will work with us to come up with better and more innovative ways of thinking so we can find even more ways to increase human performance without any athletic compromise. For those of you who have filled out surveys and sent comments, thank you. We have all of your information logged and systematized. We understand between now and shipment date addresses and information can change, so we will make sure to follow up with you right up until shipment. For those who ordered a Hydration Shirt and have yet to fill out the survey, please take a couple seconds to fill it out so we can be sure to get the color and size right for you. Colors are a special feature for our backers, so unless you return your survey to request a particular color, Hydration Shirts will come in our original jet black. Two other notes: if you are interested in adding additional shirts onto your order at any point between now and the end of the month, you can do this on the Qore Performance website , and if you have any questions or want to change your survey responses at all, please email us at <email>. Thanks everyone, and talk to you soon! J.D. Good afternoon Backers, Thank you to everyone who has responded with your Surveys! If you have not completed your Survey, please return it to us at your earliest convenience so we can get your Hydration Shirts into production. Thanks again, Team Qore Performance Hello Backers. All of our Surveys just went out. Check your email so we can get your Hydration Shirts into production!!! Thanks again for all of your support! Thanks to your invaluable support, The Hydration Shirt is going to be a reality soon! We are so grateful that you put your trust in us to bring The Hydration Shirt to life. We'll be sending the survey out soon. PLEASE respond to it as soon as you are able. The sooner we get all the replies back, the sooner we can move production forward. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! V/R, Justin &amp; The Qore Performance Team With only 28 hours to go, we wanted to give every Hydration Shirt owner an extra special reason to share our project with your friends. We are hoping to hit two major milestones before our campaign comes to a close: 300 backers and 25k raised...and we want to reward you when we get there! For each of these milestone we hit, we will send everyone who purchased The Hydration Shirt one extra HydraQore Insert for FREE. So if we hit both, you will get an additional pair of HydraQore Inserts on us ($40 value)! Please spread the word and share our campaign, we are almost there so let's keep pushing. You guys are amazing! Thank you to everyone who has supported us thus far, please continue to share our campaign so we can bring our Stretch Goals to life! You have been crushing it! We wanted to share this quick video we made with you, highlighting the process of making The Hydration Shirt. Hope you enjoy! <url>" x 8" x 8") Limited Edition Trucker Hat Special Thank You card addressed to your gift recipient Detailed Booklet highlighting all the features and details of The Hydration Shirt ***If you've also added the Hydration Shorts, those will arrive in this box as well! All you have to do is pledge, add only $15, and message us the name of the person who The Hydration Shirt and Gift Box are for, and you'll be a superstar this holiday season! After working with Kickstarter, we were able to significantly lower the International Shipping for the Final two packages. Both the "Early Bird Special on the Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt - $69" and the "No Days Off Package - $219" have been marked as sold out, and new versions of the exact same Rewards have been opened with the correct International Shipping Costs. As a thank you, and for the inconvenience, we are offering 16 additional Early Bird Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt Systems in the new package. Thank you again for all of your support! Thank you to everyone who helped us lower the rates to get our Hydration Shirts shipped Internationally! All International Shipping Rates have been reduced by almost 50%. We have reached out to all of our current International backers individually to get your packages reduced as well. The Early Bird Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt ($69 pledge) and The No Days Off Package ($219 pledge) are the only outstanding packages to update international shipping rates, and will be changed as soon as our current backers respond. Thank you to everyone for your patience and your help! Please post your Comments or send us a Message with any additional questions or concerns. Note: Canadian rates were previously adjusted, so this applies to the rest of the world. After some awesome advice and help from one of our early backers, we figured out how to separate Canadian shipping from standard International Shipping costs. So if you have any awesome friends up North, please share our campaign with them, as it is now affordable for them to receive it! Thanks for your help and support! Hello Hydration Heroes! THANK YOU so much for your tremendous support these first 24 hours! It is one heck of a ride and we can't do it without you! We are almost 50% backed so far and we are heading into hour 25! Your help is tremendously important to our effort. If you backed our project, we would really appreciate it if you could share it with your friends and family. You can share our campaign with your friends, family and anyone who you think would be interested with just two clicks! <url>řej Lasák! Thank you for your support Carol! The fine folks at Qore emailed me back immediately to resolve this situation. Thanks! I also have not received a shirt yet, so curious if some of the orders were still backed up? It's been 2 months now and I still haven't received my long sleeve shirt. Can somebody send me the product I purchased? Ok, nice, today i receive all things :) Thanks for fast reply, and solving problem :) Hi, today i receive my package .. finally!! (I am from Czech Republic) But, i receive only Long T-shirt, and 6x inserts. I paid 170 USD for : 60USD :1x Long Sleeve Hydration Shirt , 4x HydraQore Inserts 50USD extra: + $50 Hydration Shorts w/2x HydraQore Inserts 20USD extra: + $20 2x Extra HydraQore Inserts +40 USD for shipping, that was paid and not market on package anyway. but this is ok. SO .. i missing the shorts :((((( It has been 2 months, and I still haven't gotten any notice. Please advice. It is now August another month gone and still nothing has arrived. Did I miss a post saying arriving now 2017 or ???? Hi, I still haven't received my long sleeve yet. Can I get an update? Hi, I'm just wondering if there is any delay in the production of the long-sleeve shirts, as I haven't received mine yet. Let me know if there is an estimated timeline for delivery. It is now July and I am still waiting for my shirt can anyone explain why it has not arrived please? If I want to get a short sleeve shirt how would I go about in buying in? Would I have to pay the retail price or can I get the kickstarter price? Just got mine in the mail! it FITS GREAT!!!! How about an update? Would really like to know how it is going and see some samples at least. Though I hope it's shipping time soon :D How is it going with production? I want to change my color to blue instead of black. How can i update my survey? hi, when are you sending out the surveys for the backers? thanks :D Really excited to give this a go! Congrats on the success!! Saw that you were almost at your goal and believe that this is an awesome product so I had to push you over! Congratulations on this endeavor. @creator Any chance you can lower the shipping cost for backers from right across boarder, Canada? I figure you have quite a substantial amount of customers from here. And $20 shipping for the weight is a little high. Do you think you can explore bulk shipping and a distributor on location? That can help you plant connections to open retail stores too Tim Just added an extra $50 to get a pair of shorts! This will be great because it will be right in the heat of summer time! I add now extra 20 USD for 2x hydra core and help to get goal ! :) How visible are the packs while they are in the shirt? And will the pockets on the shirt begin to sag over time, thus, not holding the packs close to your skin? I think international shipping is crazy high :( I'm eager to try this product out! Seems like a potentially good fit for being an ice hockey goalie. Great product! I've been using your arm bands and have had immense success with them. I'm happy to donate to a good company AND get a hydration t-shirt. I select 60$ + ADD-on 50$ ;)