(Traducción al español aqui) - (Traduction en français ici) UPDATE 5: LAST DAY! CAN WE REACH 700 BACKERS BY END OF DAY? Five days ago we reached our original goal of $40,000, and we set a new goal. With one day to go, over 600 wonderful people have pledged. We are humbled by your generosity and commitment. With all this support, we feel inspired to not only to accomplish what we'd hoped, but to go even further - creating greater outreach for the film, and sharing it with an even-wider audience. Our new "stretch goal" is to reach 700 backers by tonight! Today, on the last day of the campaign, we offer 2 exciting new rewards: GABOR MATÉ PACKAGE- $60 A signed copy of Gabor Maté’s most recent book, the award-winning In The Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction (which played an important part in the development of the film´s underlying themes.) “Gabor Maté’s connections- between the intensely personal and the global, the spiritual and the medical, the psychological and the political- are bold and wise.” -Naomi Klein (No Logo, the Shock Doctrine). “Maté probes deeply into the life histories and psyches of his many patients... What emerges is nothing short of a revelation.” —Edmonton Journal. Signed book includes a dedication from Dr. Maté to the person of your choice. PLUS A SIGNED LIMITED-EDITION DVD OF THE FILM. ART PACKAGE - $300 3 beautiful high-quality prints from the film, signed by cinematographer Mark Ellam. Audiences have been consistently awestruck by the beauty of the film’s cinematography- Mark Achbar (The Corporation) called the Jungle Prescription “gorgeous, groundbreaking.” Avi Lewis (director of The Take) says “Mark paints on your eyeballs.” Own these meticulously shot and crafted images, signed by Mark Ellam (Sample images here: <url>“reasonable amount” as our goal. But the mission of this film - a film that now belongs to you - goes beyond what is ‘reasonable’ - to what seemed once ‘impossible’. Our attempt with this project is to change a form of thinking that no longer serves: to imagine a world where the most logical medicines & substances are applied to our most dire of ailments - specifically those places where Western medicine has fallen short. To you, the people who support revolutionary thinking, who wish to create change at street level- we now dedicate this project. With your help, the capacity of this film can reach beyond what any of us could have imagined. For this reason, we have set a new goal of $50 000 by Monday Jan 9 - and it seems attainable. We want to make this film as excellent and inspiring as it can be- and we need your help to do that. To re-visit our characters, commission beautiful music, and get the film out in the world, is going to take work and capital. This campaign isn’t over yet- we’ve got 1 day. And practically speaking, much can be done to help. Reconsider the rewards. We have new discounts available for every reward category. Send someone a remix cd of jungle cumbia. Get a book signed by Dr Maté. Let us take you to the Amazon! We have halved the price of the Jungle Expedition, now one pledge will take 2 people. We have dedicated much of our lives to this cause, and we’re proud to have this community along with us on the adventure. -Jero, Mark and Robin WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT US: Naomi Klein (No Logo, The Shock Doctrine) tweeted: "The Jungle Prescription, a transformative, beautiful film on addiction, needs help 4 final push. Rough cut is stunning." Mark Achbar (The Corporation) about the short version, "Like ayahuasca, words don't do it justice. What a fantastic, gorgeous, ground-breaking, jam-packed, important piece of work you and your team created. You've done the world a great service. This film in all its versions will endure and propagate far and wide, with real impacts on people's lives and public policy." Dennis McKenna (ethnopharmacologist): "Now this is a worthy Kickstarter project to support! I have pledged and suggest you do too! This is a possibility to change policy with respect to the use of ayahuasca in addiction treatment. support it if you can and tell your friends" ABOUT THIS PROJECT Ten years ago Mark Ellam, Jeronimo Mazarrasa, and Robin McKenna began to make a documentary film about what indigenous people know, and we have forgotten, about the most potent plants on earth. The Jungle Prescription tells the story of ayahuasca, a visionary Amazonian brew of indigenous origin and its encounter with the West, as played out through the story of two doctors. The first, Dr. Jacques Mabit, runs a legendary detox centre deep in the Peruvian jungle. The second, Dr. Gabor Maté, is risking his reputation trying to establish a similar program in Canada. Through the intimate stories of these doctors and their patients, we see how an ancient medicine causes cathartic, life-changing insight, and we witness the commitment of people who have devoted their whole lives to helping others applying this medicinal knowledge. The Ayahuasca Project is a labour of love developed over the course of ten years of research, with long periods of travel in the Amazon region. We have gathered an outstanding and unique collection of footage, stories and experiences in the complex and multifaceted ayahuasca world. We made a short version of the film for Canada´s CBC, The Jungle Prescription, and we ran out of money. Now we need YOUR support to help us finish the editing and final post-production of the feature-length documentary we set out to make. --- ABOUT THE FILM The film follows the story of two radical doctors and their patients. One is in Peru, and for 30 years has worked hand in hand with indigenous healers. The other is a doctor and bestselling author from Vancouver. He believes the medical system has failed us - by chasing symptoms instead of the root causes of illness. To help his patients - and benefit all of us- he is willing to risk his reputation and go up against Canada’s legal system. We follow Dr Maté’s attempts to help his patients, and the miracles and disasters along the way. We watch young, cocaine-injecting lovers teeter on the edge, and an aboriginal single mother with a decade-long crack habit reunited with her children. Meanwhile, Dr. Maté relapses into his own addictive patterns, and is forced to face the consequences, and to learn the true meaning of commitment. Along the road, we meet a Kurdish gangsta, a Catalonian pharmacologist, an indigenous shamanic powerhouse from the Putumayo, a shoeshine boy from Perú, and a very very angry wife. All wrapped around a mysterious visionary drink from the Amazon, outlandish rituals, purgative plants, tears, laughter, epiphanies, relapses, classical music, and the eternal human question: how to live. WHY ARE WE MAKING THIS FILM? We decided to focus our film on the treatment of addiction through the combination of traditional Amazonian medicine and western psychotherapy. We believed it was the best way to present to the world how ayahuasca affects people (as displayed by the dramatic process of change that the addicts undergo), while making a clear statement - the very same plants can be poisons or remedies, depending how they are used. We want to make a film that not only pays homage to the richness of indigenous knowledge, but actually shows an example of how it can be put into practice - and the mutual benefits this can bring, when the exchange is reciprocal. Since news of our documentary was made public, the Canadian government has threatened Dr. Maté with prosecution if he continues working with ayahuasca. This ongoing controversy reminded us why it’s so important that we continue. As we move towards finishing the film, the story continues to unfold- and we are uniquely positioned to tell it. WHY ARE WE FUNDRAISING? This film is a labour of love, and then some. After over a year in 4 countries and 3 continents, we spent all the money we had raised, and then we began to spend our own money in order to continue. We shot a beautiful film, but we spent all our savings making it, and went broke. Now we need your help to finish it. Your contributions will help us finish a feature length documentary: - Paying our super-talented editor. - Helping to pay the colourist, online, sound mixer and composer. - And contributing to the Amazonian communities that participated in the film. SOME REWARDS SONGS OF AYAHUASCA CD This CD has been specially compiled from our personal recordings. It includes our favorite vegetalista icaros from Perú, Yage songs from Colombia, hymns from the Daime and Barquinha churches in Brazil, and UDV chamadas. Nothing like it exists anywhere. The CD comes with a booklet with liner notes, pictures, and translations of the lyrics. THE JUNGLE INSIGHT T-SHIRT THE AYAHUASCA CONVERSATIONS BOOK We have collected hours of fascinating conversations with the world´s most knowledgeable ayahuasca minds, from shamans to scientists. This book is pack full with information you won´t find anywhere else. PODER VERDE! CD . A very special mix of the radio sounds of the jungle. A selection of Amazonian Cumbia grooves, mixed with real ads that travelling shamans broadcast in local Amazonian radio stations. Full of outrageous claims, reverb drenched voices, boasting DJs, and green grooves. Take a listen! . MAKE YOUR OWN / GIFT CERTIFICATE How does it work? 1 - Pick any combination of gifts from the list below. (of course higher value rewards are also available for combos!) --- 2- Pick out the Gift Certificate reward (or increase your pledge by the proper amount). 3 - Drop us a message with the your list of gifts. GIFT CERTIFICATE ONLY 4 -If you want us to send the rewards to someone else, in step 3 add also the the name, address,email address of the recipient. 5 - We will send that person a personalized email presenting the gifts followed by an envelope with handmade gift certificate with a dedication from you. (and of course, the presents!) --- More rewards coming soon! --- WANT TO KNOW MORE? The best way to keep up with the project is our facebook group The Ayahuasca Project official website The project´s blog Dear backers, Hello again! as you know from our last update I’ve began the production of the rewards in earnest. The songs of ayahuasca CD is selected, mastered, the liner notes are done, here’s a preview . We’re just waiting for final packaging design. That leaves the second CD: the crazy mix PODER VERDE! I’m happy to say that I recently had a long weekend with DJ Akasha where we finished the mix. I couldn’t be happier with the results , there’s nothing else quite like it: cumbia amazónica, jungle sounds, ayahuasca icaros and real life curandero radio ads! It’s insane! Listen to the preview ! That leaves one last reward for me, aka the Spanish team: The Ayahuasca Conversations book . As you know all the interviews have been selected, now it’s just a matter of editing them out into a book format. As I have the month ahead of me somewhat free of work I am determined to get it done in the next weeks. So stay posted! I’ll soon be sharing a preview of the book. Meanwhile, Mark and Robin have been working hard with our editor Simon, towards the next iteration of the film, as well as preparing your other rewards... Thank you for your endless patience, All the best, -J After the last update a number of you have written to us to tell us your address has changed. This is just a quick note to let everybody know that there is no need to worry . Once the rewards are finished and we are ready to ship we will send an individual email to every one of you to get your current shipping address (we'll also ask things like shirt size, etc. kickstarter actually does this automatically, it's part of the process) So you can rest assured, we will ask &amp; update everyone's address before we ship anything. All the best, -J Hello Everyone, Jeronimo here with a much-delayed but information-filled update. In spite of the silence over the summer we have began producing your rewards in earnest . We also took some measures to make our work more efficient . Since I am in Spain and Mark &amp; Robin are in Canada we’ve decided to split the work in two, with yours truly taking up the bulk of the production and while Mark &amp; Robin do the bulk of the delivery. To speed things up even more we’ve decided to send updates separately from now on. This is my update, Mark &amp; Robin will soon follow up with an update of their side of things. YOUR REWARDS: SONGS OF AYAHUASCA CD: I've been working hard on this. After finishing the song selection I realised that it wouldn't fit on a single CD, so instead of one CD everyone will get it'll be a special treat double CD. A friend who is a sound engineer just finished doing a professional mastering of all the tracks. Meanwhile I've been working hard on the liner notes , which are bilingual (English/Spanish) extensive, full or research and personal stories, and include lyrics in both languages. This has been real the bulk of the work and the reason why it's taken so long. I could have just thrown the tracks together on a shared dropbox folder, but I always conceived these rewards as a work of love , and that's what you are getting, a double CD, proper liner notes and a real journey through the different manifestations of ayahuasca music. To get an idea of what is in store you can get a preview of the liner notes and songs here: <url>’s job was wrangling the science and psychology transcripts - for those interested in the nuts and bolts and neurons - of the ayahuasca experience. The good news is that we are basically done with all that editing, and the resulting conversations are truly fascinating. In the coming weeks I'll be posting some chapters for you to see, while I embark on the technical part of making a printed book, collating all the separate docs into a single file, reviewing everything one last time, exporting it, typesetting it and laying it all out in a book format, with covers, index, etc. Turning a bunch of word docs into a real paper book, which is also more work than it seems. Again, I don't want to do a hack job, and that's why it's taking as long as it's taking. AYAHUASCA T-SHIRT (jero): Designed and done, ready to print and ship as soon as other rewards are ready. Here we’ve chosen a material and colours that are focused on beauty, sustainability rather than attracting attention - basically shirts we’d want to wear. We’ll be in touch about sizes &amp; options when we’ll do the major shipping. GABOR MATE SIGNED BOOKS: Have been delivered. ART PRINTS: Are basically ready, Mark &amp; Robin will expand info in their update Our apologies for the delays. It is true that things are moving slowly, they’d probably move much faster if we weren't trying to make such a good job. But things are definitely moving and we’re glad to have taken the time to made them good - as they are each offerings to the support you pledged. The 2nd World Ayahuasca Conference , happening in a week, this is keeping me very busy, (and excited! as it will take me back to the place where it all began for us, 14 years ago) once back from it I expect to begin posting selections from the book for you to preview . Let us know what you think of the CD work so far . Thanks again for all your patience All the best, -Jero Dear longstanding and long-suffering supporters, We apologize, again, for the long delay. Thank you for your continued encouragement – letters of support and letters of frustration (cheering us on/wondering what’s up/ hoping for us/offering babysitting/ and straight-up kicking our asses to get it finished.) We hear you. We continue, also, with the ongoing conviction that the world still needs this film as much as we need to finish making it. All over the planet, in the years we’ve been at this – progress has been made by great organizations. They are working toward including traditional medicines and marginal compounds being tested with government approval into the treatment of depression, PTSD, personality disorders and helping the terminally ill cope with accepting the next stage of their passing. In the time - more than a decade - that this has been our labour of love, huge leaps have been made in this field. Sections of the short version of our film have been used in seminars, taught at universities, and quoted in people’s thesis work. Our friends in that field inspire us by continuing against norms, changing laws through scientific proof that these medicines not only work – but have the capacity to bring about a better world. While we're inspired by their progress, we struggle with our own. The process of this film has been a supremely difficult task- one of the most challenging we’ve all faced. It’s been daunting, sometimes discouraging, how long it’s taken us- and with the film still unfinished. But we continue our dedication to the film, trying to keep ourselves afloat, pay the bills, and still save time to get this movie finished, and bring it into the world. And after finally securing all rights from the original production company, despite the debts we were left with – we continue to move forward. There is some good news, too. Since our last update, we’ve done shoots with two of our three doctors: Gabor Maté and Jacques Mabit. Jacques was invited to speak in a series of seminars around Quebec - by an organization who is now using pieces of our short-form film as a teaching tool in universities. Gabor came to speak to the newly-formed Ayahuasca Association of Canada. Both were generous with their time, doing new, exhaustive interviews with us - as inspiring and incisive as always. (It could also be said that our questions themselves have matured, as well as our perspective on the work, with the time we’ve had to reflect - somewhat longer than expected…) In recent weeks, we have been editing this material into a new piece - getting closer to the shape of the feature film. What remains for us is a trip to Colombia to spend time with our Taita Humberto, gathering his final thoughts on this whole experiment. And then proceed with editing the final version of the film The end is in sight. Meanwhile - to pay rent, help others with their visions of a better future, and continue with our own - each of us has worked on other projects. Robin has been developing her film GIFT, inspired by Lewis Hyde’s The Gift - “a brilliant defense of the value of creativity and its importance in a culture increasingly governed by money and overrun with commodities.” Mark finished work on and helped launch This Changes Everything , written and narrated by author Naomi Klein. He is currently shooting another climate change doc, co-developing another film on the shell game of international economics, and shooting a third film in Brazil starting this week - while sifting through TJP/ayahuasca material on his days off. Jeronimo’s activist work to support the integration of ayahuasca into western cultures has taken off in the past years, as a member of ICEERS he helped organized the World Ayahuasca Conference , and recently launched the Ayahuasca Defense Fund , to support people who run into legal trouble for working with ayahuasca. Meanwhile he continues to lecture on his favorite topic . Between his activism, his real job, his daughters (5 and 7), and living half a world away from us in Spain, Jeronimo has found it very hard to continue. He continues as a friend and an advisor, but he is no longer involved in the day-to-day operations of the project. Robin and Mark were just at Hot Docs, with the goal of raising enough money to do the last shoot in Colombia, to finish the film the way we envision it. We have begun working with a new producing partner - and still have hopes we can make this happen. THE BIG ANNOUNCEMENT Many of you have been (understandably) angry about the lack of communication and response in the past year. We apologize. We promised to send rewards last summer, and we didn’t. The truth was that Jeronimo had blocked a month in August last year to work on that, and then it didn’t happen. He apologizes sincerely for not living up to his promise, and he will follow this update with a personal letter explaining everything. Meanwhile, we continue to work here on producing the rewards for you, and making them special- (a project in itself.) One complication in all of this has been the production of DVD’s to accompany the sendouts. We have had a debate amongst ourselves about whether to send out a shorter version of the film we are making, with extras - something we can offer, so we don’t continue to keep you waiting...or wait until the final piece is finished. Our indecision about this has had the effect of stalling other rewards - and even, of sending out this update, which has taken much too long. You have waited too long. We’ve decided to send all rewards now: t-shirts, CDs, books, and - for those of you who would like it- DVDs (or downloads) of what we have so far, plus some surprise extras. Then the final film could be made available to you when it is ready. Soon we’ll begin collecting everyone’s updated addresses- and check in with you about this. Send-outs will finally begin in June and be fulfilled by July, while we have a bit of time off. For the meantime – we wish you all well, and hope the world is being kind to you. Here at ground zero we continue with heads unbowed, hoping to have this film out into the world by 2017. We have one more round of financing hopes this fall – after which we promise to cut bait and simply finish editing whatever we have, the best we can- in the time your help has allowed us. We know, again, that we’ve been silent for longer than anticipated. We feel embarrassed about how long it’s taken us, and how long we’ve kept you waiting. We apologize, again. All we can say is that we are here, we haven’t gone anywhere, your money is still in the bank, we continue to invest our work and love into this, and haven’t given up. And we are doing everything we can to make it worth the wait. Thank you, again, for being there. M, R &amp; J Dear Backers: Remember that film on the use of ayahuasca in the treatment of addiction ? The one that an international team of crazy people had spent the better part of a decade trying to make? Well - whether you remember us or not - you are receiving this letter because somewhere along the way you kindly pledged to support us - and so, to the tremendously helpful group of people who’ve done so - (both patiently and, understandably, less patiently) We have some very exciting news. But first we need to apologize for the silence these past few months - there was a reason: one that surprised us all - a legal one. Since the crowdfunding campaign, and for reasons not worth going into, our relationship with our producing partners (who held the rights to the film) had become more and more complicated. So much so that eventually both parts agreed it was best to go our separate ways. No separation is ever easy, and neither was this one. It was a long negotiation, much much longer than we ever expected. Long letters, long conversations, lawyers were called, then were called off. It dragged on for months (about as long as our silence to you.) And then last week, after many months of back and forth, we reached an agreement all parts are happy with. We are extremely happy to announce that the rights to the film are now fully back in our hands. Our film is ours again , and we are ready to proceed. Woo-Hooo! It has been a difficult process. It was especially difficult not being able to talk about it. We want to thank you again for your patience through what must have felt like a strange silence. But now, get ready - from now on, our updates will be regular- and we hope you will become bored with them, rather than left wondering. We are working on the rewards and you will be getting sneak peeks into them very soon . Our brilliant editor Mahi is moving into a new home closer to where Mark lives in Toronto. She’s camera shy, but we’ll coax her to include her thoughts of the process. Many things have happened in the past 2 years, Jeronimo has had a second child. Some of us lost our parents. There have been breakups and reunions. Toddlers have learned the wonders of our natural world. &amp; we have honed the direction we’d like to take the film. More to come on the next steps we are taking. But for now, it’s exciting to have our child back. We look forward to taking these next steps with you. When Gabor heard the news he wrote this: “Now that the legal situation has cleared, I’m excited about the potential of this film being completed. It could, I know, be the most powerful documentary on the plant ever done and certainly the most beautiful.“ We hope to honour that promise, and the one we’ve made to you all. Best regards - Mark, Robin &amp; Jero Dear backers, Greetings from the Ayahuasca Project decentralized offices. I have been slowly going through the hard drives containing 10 years worth of recordings, to make a preselection of songs to include on the Songs of Ayahuasca CD reward. In the coming weeks I will be sharing some of them with you. I am going to start with a rather special one. The story goes like this: in 2007 while doing research for the film I met in Perú a man who was convinced he was possessed by the devil. I won't go into the details, he looked normal enough. I'll just say that when I met him he had been drinking ayahuasca for a few months with no major effects. The first 2 times I drank with him it was uneventful. The third time, however, something happened. During the session what he called his devil " came out " in the open for the first time. It just so happened that I was recording audio that night. I will save you that recording, suffice it to say it is some of the most hair-raising shrieking I have ever heard. The entire rom was terrified. When I revisited the recording I could barely listen for more than a few seconds. That night it took the curanderos all their power and more than an hour to get the situation to the point where the shrieks became a whimper. When there was finally silence, the entire room breathed out a collective sight of relief . When the room was finally at peace Jacques Mabit sang this ícaro : madrecita ayahuasca. <url>ícaro is maestro José Campos. I have translated the lyrics so English speakers can understand the words. Use the captions button (next to the gear icon) to see the English subtitles. This ayahuasca song is almost a battle tune, meant to cast off evil, and claim the space back. Mabit calls the spirits of the most powerful plants, and of everything he holds most sacred. It's almost a declaration principles, a manifesto, stating where the curandero stands, and under which forces his sessions are run, as you will see it is also full of poetic turns, and inspiring calls. I will say no more. I think the song speaks for itself. I am however, unsure of wether to include in on the selection or not. What do you think? Would love to hear your opinions. Once again thank you for your generosity and patience. Best, -J Dear backers: First of all, our deepest apologies for the long silence. We didn't want send an update until we had firm news, and we have been carefully taking our next steps. As all you know, after 10 years of work, the final stretch of The Jungle Prescription put all three of us on the verge of economic ruin. We wanted to make the best film about ayahuasca ever - so when the funds ran out, we poured our own savings into the project. We launched the crowdfunding campaigns to raise funds to finish our film, and thanks to the open-hearted generosity of hundreds of backers like you, that’s now possible: the funds we gathered will cover a new edit. They do not, however, cover our living expenses through the edit, post and promotion period. So, while thanks to you now we have money to finish the film, we don't have money to stop everything and and work on it full-time in the manner it deserves. For that reason, the 3 of us have spent the past year taking other work, hoping to be able to save enough to properly get us through the 3-month edit, and 6 weeks of final post (including sound design, music composition and colour correction). We are trying to live a dream and pay the bills, it is possible, but as many of you know, it takes time. So it is taking longer than we expected, and that is the reason for the delays. The good news is that while we each work on other projects, we have been making important allies and deepening our community: like-minded people who will help us spread our film further afield. In the long run, this means the film you’ve supported will have a greater effect on the world - and reach more people than we had imagined. Gee, that is great, but what about my rewards? We are very conscious that we promised to deliver all rewards by Sept 2012. Unfortunately, that estimate turned out to be wildly optimistic (what can we do? we like to think positive .-) So we have revised our plan. We were hoping to save on shipping costs by shipping all rewards together. But since finishing the film (DVD) is taking longer than expected, we have come up with a new plan: we have divided rewards in two categories, short-term delivery, and long-term delivery. Short-term deliveries include the Songs Of Ayahuasca, and Poder Verde! CDs, the Jungle Insight t-shirts, the Art Prints, and Gabor Mate´s signed books and skype consultation. We intend to get those on the fast track and deliver them to you in the first quarter of 2013. Long-term deliveries are those which will take some time to produce: basically the Ayahuasca Conversations book, and the DVD of the feature-length film (and the rewards tied to the film, like Associate Producer credits, the premiere invites, etc). We can't deliver those until we have finished the film- but we promise when we do it will be worth the wait! So the good news is that we are on it . Jero has been pouring through the archives and fishing out some amazing ayahuasca songs for the CD. We think we have found a service delivery company that will do all shipping for us. We are on it , and you will hear more from us soon, as we prepare to ship CDs, t-shirts, and other rewards. With our deepest gratitude -Mark, Jero, and Robin PD Please don´t hesitate to continue contact us with questions, suggestion, comments, love/hate mail, etc. We take some time, but we do answer every email. Five days ago we reached our original goal of $40,000, and we set a new goal. With one day to go , over 600 wonderful people have pledged. This has been more than we imagined. We are humbled by your generosity and commitment. With all this support, we feel inspired to not only to accomplish what we'd hoped, but to go even further - creating greater outreach for the film, and sharing it with an even-wider audience. Today, on the last day of the campaign, we offer 2 exciting new rewards : GABOR MATÉ PACKAGE- $60 A signed copy of Gabor Maté’s most recent book, the award-winning In The Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction which played an important part in the development of the film´s underlying themes . “Gabor Maté’s connections- between the intensely personal and the global, the spiritual and the medical, the psychological and the political- are bold and wise.” -Naomi Klein (No Logo, the Shock Doctrine). “Maté probes deeply into the life histories and psyches of his many patients... What emerges is nothing short of a revelation.” —Edmonton Journal. Signed book includes a personal dedication from Dr. Maté to the person of your choice. PLUS A SIGNED LIMITED-EDITION DVD OF THE FILM. ART PACKAGE - $300 3 beautiful high-quality prints from the film, signed by cinematographer Mark Ellam. Audiences have been consistently awestruck by the beauty of the film’s cinematography- Avi Lewis (director of The Take) says “ Mark paints on your eyeballs .” Mark Achbar (The Corporation) called the Jungle Prescription “gorgeous, groundbreaking.” Own these meticulously shot and crafted images, signed by Mark Ellam (Sample images here: <url>“ reasonable amount ” as our goal. But the mission of this film - a film that now belongs to you - goes beyond what is ‘ reasonable ’ - to what seemed once ‘ impossible ’. Our attempt with this project is to change a form of thinking that no longer serves: to imagine a world where the most logical medicines &amp; substances are applied to our most dire of ailments - specifically those places where Western medicine has fallen short. To you, the people who wish to create change at every level- we now dedicate this project. With your help, the capacity of this film can reach beyond what any of us could have imagined . For this reason, we have set a new goal of $50 000 by Monday Jan 9 - and it seems attainable. We want to make this film as excellent and inspiring as it can be - and we need your help to do that. To re-visit our characters, commission beautiful music &amp; get it out in the world , is going to take work &amp; capital. So this campaign isn’t over yet- we’ve got 3 days. And practically speaking, much can be done to help. Reconsider the rewards. We have new discounts available for every reward category . Send someone a remix cd of jungle cumbia. Add a DVD, CD, or book to your package. Let us take you to the Amazon! We have halved the price of the Jungle Expedition . We have dedicated much of our lives to this cause, and we’re proud to have this community along with us on the adventure. -Jero, Mark and Robin We are awestruck by the (almost 500) wonderful backers who've brought us to our goal before our deadline of January 9th. We’re touched and amazed by your generosity. This film no longer belongs to us, it belongs to all of you . Today we want to THANK YOU . As members of our core support community, you made this film possible, and you hold a special place in its creation- we love you ! You will be the first to hear any news about the film -- what festival invites us for our world premiere, special events, behind-the-scenes stories; and you will all be thanked on our website and in the film (our higher-level donors will continue to have the special recognition they've pledged for). We have 5 days to go and we are continuing to invite backers up to the very end. Many of you said that our goal of $40,000 was a relatively small goal for a film , and you were absolutely right. Since Kickstarter is an all-or-nothing proposition, we wanted to be realistic and make the goals attainable. The target we set will go a long way towards helping us complete the film, but it won't cover everything . So we’re continuing to ask for your support. How far can we take this? All of our awesome rewards will be available for 5 more days . Every dollar we raise above the original goal will give us more money to fund the months-long process of completing this film, and help offset Kickstarter/Amazon fees. So please continue to pledge, spread the word on facebook, twitter etc. and share with friends. Help us make the project even better . Thank you so much for being our community of support . There’s no way this could have been done without you. Love and thanks, -Jero, Mark and Robin. Let me take you back to the early 60s in Perú. A man called Henry Delgado frontman of a band called Los Destellos writes “ La Ardillita ”. It was a huge hit, and singlehandedly defined a new musical style: La Cumbia Peruana . Take a listen <url>´t be out of place in a Tarantino film Out of that new style sprang Cumbia Oriental , or Poder Verde , the Amazonian variation of the sound, which can still be heard today booming out of radios, bars, motokarts, and taxis all over the jungle . It is an infectious groove full of local flavor, including references to indigenous tribes , mythological figures , and even ayahuasca . The most famous ayahuasca song of the genre is without a doubt, the classic “ Vacilando con ayahuasca” by the veterans Juaneco y su Combo . Although the song was composed in 1972 the band is still going. Here is a recent video which includes Shipibo print shirts, go-go dancers, and indigenous shamans ! <url>… well, listen for yourself <url>´s partner, LoSuper , cooked up a very psychedelic cover for the mix Like it? Up to know the mix was only available as a bonus to the Combo Packages, but we´ve decided to make it available to everyone. If you´d like your own just add $10 to your current pledge and let us know you want a copy! PROJECT STATUS UPDATE We are now 60% funded ! 334 wonderful people have made it possible . We have 14 days to raise approx. $15,000. We are pushing on! Please continue to spread the word , in facebook, in twitter, blogs, via email, we need to world to know! With our sincerest gratitude, and our best wishes for the new year. -Jero, Mark, &amp; Robin More info about cumbia oriental Support the project here Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news See the Official Film Site We have been told that if you make it to 50% you will make it in kickstater. Today we broke the 50% line . Thank you so much to all of you who continue to pledge and support us. . We have very intense days ahead of us. 19 days to raise $19000 . As you can see in the graph, at the current rate of growth we´ll be between 10 and 20% short of the goal by the end the campaign. As you know kickstarter is all or nothing. If we don´t make we loose it all . We are confident we can do it, but we are going to need your help for that extra push. Please spread the word! Email, share, tweet the link with anyone you know who might be interested . Continue to recommend and let us know of any blogs/sites that you think we should contact. We need to spread the word further. NEW REWARD We are launching a super special reward today: Become part of the team and accompany us on the last shoot of the documentary! MASTER CLASS - The Jungle Prescription has been praised as “a master class in documentary cinematography “. Do you want to learn how we did it? For fifteen years, Mark Ellam has shot feature documentaries for theatrical and international release. In this special invitation, you accompany our crew and gain access to a learning experience otherwise unavailable. With this reward, you accompany us on our final shoot . Experience some extraordinary locations, meet some of the documentary´s characters, immerse yourself in the intimate process of filmmaking - and get to see it all from behind the lens. Whether you just want to come along for the ride, or you wish to learn more about the craft of constructing scenes from reality, advance your knowledge of camera work and lighting, or consider a career shift from one métier to another, you will be part of the team, and be personally coached in whichever aspects of documentary filmmaking you are inclined. This truly unique experience is a limited offering &amp; everything you will never learn in a film school of any kind. Reward also includes credit on the film (and IMDB) the ART PACKAGE (3 signed lithographs) and the SUPER COMBO PACKAGE (book, DVD, t-shirt, Songs of Ayahuasca and Poder Verde! CDs). (Travel expenses not included) Only 3 slots are available for this reward. Get them while you can With our sincerest gratitude, and best wishes, -Jero, Mark, &amp; Robin Support the project here Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news See the Official Film Site The past 5 weeks have been a whirlwind of emotions. We are figuring out the crowdfunding process as we go along, so it´s been amazing to see the pledges come from all over the world, and to hear the stories behind some of them. Inspiring! We are so encouraged by some of your messages. 244 wonderful people have generously pledged their support to the project. Others have given us invaluable advice, time, and effort. Yet others have shared it with thousands in facebook, twitter, etc. THANK YOU ALL! You are making this film possible. We have 22 days left to go and we are 43% funded. We are almost at $18000! We have a grand finale lined up for the last 3 weeks of the campaign, with new rewards, sneak previews, and surprises. To coincide with the Holiday season, our first announcement is a new reward that some of you have been asking for: The Ayahuasca Project gift certificate. Do you want to send a Jungle Prescription DVD, T-shirt, or any other reward as a gift to someone else? Now you can. How does it work? 1 - Below is the list of gifts, pick any combination of them that you like <url>´s a new update explaining everything <url>ónimo M.M., Any news? Regards, Christian I pledged $300 dollars in 2012. It will be 2019 soon. I have never received ANYTHING. You would think that people making things about Ayahuasca would be more conscientious and have a little bit more impeccability in the words they use and the promises they make. Why do you not have better communication with your backers ? How many more years! it is April 2018 I received my pledge but no DVD is it not finished ? I moved 3 years ago. Do you have my new address? Just got the audio CD. Can't wait to listen! Been reading the stories inside the liner notes. Really great. Thank you! happy holidays to you also. things always take longer than you think they will, many times I've said "this will just take me a minute to do" and 3 hours later i'm still working away. hope your 2018 is more peaceful, thanks for the update I can imagine it's hard not to have this project flow as anticipated. I'm understanding though I do wonder from time to time if I've missed something. A little message would help, thanks. Hi! I responded to the "final call" e-mail, but have not yet received anything.. did something go wrong? :-O Please let me know.. Best regards How many more years! Hola. Tres meses desde que llegó el mail pidiéndonos la dirección... ¿Alguna novedad? Además, no coincidía con el dinero que puse... Gracias. At long last!!! Woohoo!! 5 years have passed since this project was funded. Would you have an update for us? Thank you. @creator Again, where is my book I pledged for? @creator Where is my book I pledged for? I am happy to announce that National Public Radio in the United States will be broadcasting a feature on their "All Things Considered" program on June 5 entitled "Kickstarter: Funding Fraud" The program will feature excerpts from the audio interviews I've done with some of you over the past year in relation to your funding of this project. Thank you for your input and stay tuned! Checking in on any new updates. Four years folks...... 4 years have passed since this project was funded. Would you have an update for us? Thank you. We plan to deliver to you 100% of the physical rewards (CDs, shirts, DVDs, books) by year’s end. We are determined that 2015 will be the year you get your rewards. Esto se colgó mientras escribia... En fin para no volver a repetirme: Acojonante el ritual del enterramiento!!!! I want more.. Mi reward reinviertelo en un dia de comida para el editor!! Besos primo!! Thanks for the update! Much appriciated. Good luck to you all with everything :) Jero, thanks for the much needed and extensive update. I was inclined to remove my previous comment in light of this but there is no way to do that it appears. Feel free to. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hi Folks, This project raised $53,193 on kickstarter and another $11,063 on indiegogo. The folks behind this debacle just raised another $50,000 on kickstarter for their film Monomgamish. I am bringing this story to a friend of mine at NPR. If you would like to be involved, please contact me at <email> I can agree with the commenters below. It has been 3 years of waiting and not a lot of communication. Please let us know we supported something worthy and not dropped. You have now pasted the 3 year mark since the campaign closed and 1 year since your last update. Making updates is 30 min out of your life. This whole thing is dissapointing and frankly adds weight to the public perception that we are all just drug users who can't get their life together. Please at least post an update once a year! "We are working on the rewards and you will be getting sneak peeks into them very soon." It has been 10 months since this was written. What gives? Any news on the project? Why do I not have my book reward yet? Is this the film we all supported? <url>….What's going on??? Hope to hear soon. Happy New Year! Any update? I never got anything from you! Thanks It's been a while since an update was offered, can we receive one soon? Hi Jerónimo, Will we see the movie soon? I don't mind gifts, I would just like to see the movie. When can you put it online? Thank you. Hi Jerónimo, How is the project coming along? Thank you. Alguna novedad?? Any word on this? Time for an update? any updates on digital downloads for songs/poder verde? Hi Jeronimo - wow. I just read about all the struggles and the crazy cuts to monies raised because of percentages and such. I agree with others in that you shouldn't stress over all of this unexpected stuff. You are doing an amazing job and providing a gift to the world with this project. I also agree with the digital mp3 download option. That would be perfect. We don't need a physical CD at all. Here is a website that allows you to design and print t-shirts (and lots of other things) on demand. You could create a whole collection of Ayahuasca Project items for people to purchase. You would have to rice them high because of the percentage taken by them - but you are used to that by now :) <url>"stretch goal" $50,000 flame on. looking forward to the movie FELICIDADES por lograr la segunda meta !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hi. I live in Nova Scotia and watched the short version of the film on CBC's The Nature of Things. I have a lot of friends here that have been involved in illegal use of prescription drugs, methadone has become just another party drug. I hope Health Canada will listen to Dr. Mate, as old natural methods seem to work better then todays band aids. Acabo de colaborar con vuestro proyecto. Me enteré sobre la existencia de esta planta hace muy poco. Se está haciendo cada vez más popular :-) Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesso !!! Felicitaciones por haber logrado la meta!! Congrats! So happy you've made the goal! Congratulations on meeting the goal! I'm so excited to see the finished film and show it to family and loved ones! can't wait to see the movie. Congratulations!!! Congratulations on the success!