Backers - Like our Facebook page and become a fan at BGG to unlock additional cards for the game! Check out the stretch goals! 2-5 Players, Ages 13+, 60-90 Minutes The year is 1123. A new count has arrived to oversee the surrounding countryside. As word spreads, people have begun to flock to the settlement. The time is right for Blankenburg to expand into a flourishing town. In the Builders of Blankenburg, you are one of many people working to build up the town and earn prestige in the eyes of the count. Prestige is earned by building structures throughout the town, but to do so you’ll need enough silver to purchase the proper resources with which to build. Pay attention to the citizens of the growing town. If you build what they’re looking for, you’ll have a steady stream of income. Builders of Blankenburg introduces the novel citizen track, an ever increasing populace who seek different places to live and work, while also serving to determine the length of the game. But beware, new events and visitors each turn can disrupt your best laid plans. Make your imprint on Blankenburg to become its most prestigious builder and earn the key to the town! We have taken to heart feedback from the first launch. The base game now features more visitor and event cards. Prices have been lowered for both the Master Builder limited edition and the Immortality packages. We have also added more variety in the stretch goals, including a double sided game board and upgraded silver coins. Who Dares to Build Forever? Enjoy this teaser video featuring a parody of Queen's "Who wants to live forever" that helps to promote the immortality packages that allow people to add their likeness to the game. PLAY Builders of Blankenburg requires players to pay attention to both their income and prestige. While prestige determines the winner, maintaining a steady income stream is essential to continue building and earning prestige. There is no set number of turns to the game. Rather, the game ends when the town has either no room for additional structures, or no room for additional citizens. Each turn consists of four phases: Bidding, Building, Income, and the Marketplace. During the bidding phase, the first player is able to select some resources, then rolls the resource dice to add others. All players simultaneously bid silver for the available resources, with first choice going to the highest bidder. In the building phase players use their resources to build structures based on the plans in their hand or the current communal plans. Each structure fits into one of four districts in the town, each of which is limited in size. You can also demolish structures to make room in a full district, to harvest resources, or to simply delay the end of the game. During the income phase an event occurs, a visitor comes to the town, and the citizens all pay to stay somewhere. By building structures that are in demand by the town's citizens, you can guarantee yourself steady income. Fortunes can quickly shift based upon the events drawn or the visitors who come to town. Many offer opportunity and benefits to the players, but some like an earthquake or the assassin can be devastating. The marketplace phase occurs at the end of the turn. It allows players an opportunity to purchase resources at fixed prices, but stock is limited and prices are not cheap. Players can also purchase new plans during the marketplace phase. At the end of the turn, empty marketplace stalls are replenished, new communal plans replace any that were built, and a new citizen is added to the town for the following turn. Want the full rundown on game play? Download the PDF rule book via direct download or from Board Game Geek, or view the game play video below for a one turn walk through of how the game works. Direct Download Board Game Geek PLAY Print and Play In addition to the print and play available for purchase that will be continually updated to eventually include all the same art as the production copy of the game, we are also offering a text only print and play to all backers. Once funding concludes everyone will receive the same print and play copy that we used for months to test the game early on. While it's not the prettiest thing ever, it lets you focus on game play, uses very little ink to print out, and is formatted to easily print double sided on normal sized sheets of card stock at home. This will ensure you have had time to practice and are ready to beat your friends when your fancy copy of the game arrives later in the year. Enjoy! Windsor Gaming Resource "The best Kickstarter prototype game I've played" Moe Tousignant over at the Windsor Gaming Resource wrote up an excellent review on Builders of Blankenburg. Please take a minute to check it out. Windsor Gaming Resource Review NVS Gameplays Part 1 - Initial thoughts and a run through of game play PLAY Part 2 - Overall impression of the game PLAY Play Tester Comments "This is a challenging game that requires you to think before acting" "Scales well with the total number of players" "The artwork in the game is fantastic" "You'll have to shift your strategy with every game you play" We have purposefully set our funding goal as low as possible, to ensure this game can become a reality. However, we hope for even greater success. Part of the beauty of Kickstarter is the ability to offer a number of stretch goals to make the game even more exciting, including a number that are exclusive to this first Kickstarter printing. Browse below to see some of the goals we can reach, starting just a couple thousand dollars beyond base funding. Feeling generous? Don't worry, if we surpass all the current stretch goals, we got even more ideas on tap to make Builders of Blankenburg truly epic. Board Game Geek is the premier site for everything related to the hobby. Help raise the visibility of our project on the site by checking out the Builders of Blankenburg page and becoming a fan. If we reach just 50 fans we'll add two more visitor cards to every copy of the game. Board Game Geek Like the game? Then like its page on Facebook. If we get just 250 page likes from people spreading the word about Builders of Blankenburg, everybody gets two additional event cards in the game. Pass it on to your friends. The more people who get on board, the more everybody gets. Builders of Blankenburg Facebook page If we can manage a measly grand past our funding goal, the game gets an additional two event cards, This will feature the deadly plague, plus another surprise event that will benefit all players. These events will be exclusive to this printing of the game. Visitors add a lot of uncertainty to the game, along with opportunity to jockey for position. Meeting this stretch goal will add the dreaded tax collector (not much has changed in the past thousand years) and another surprise visitor sure to delight the players. These visitors will be exclusive to this printing of the game. Strategies shift depending on your character for the game. Meeting this stretch goal will add two new characters, including the mysterious fortune teller. This is a Kickstarter exclusive and these characters will not be included in later printings of the game. While the base game is being printed by a top flight manufacturer and utilizes high quality components, meeting this goal will upgrade all cards in the game to a linen finish. This added touch will give the game an even grander appearance. Meeting this stretch goal will enhance the game with a double sided game board. The reverse side of the board will feature new artwork and special dual purpose plots. These are spaces that allow you the option of building two different type of structures there, expanding strategies around capturing district majorities. Everyone likes a family friendly game, but sometimes you have the urge to really stick it to the other players. The cutthroat cards are an optional game mechanic that allows for greater player versus player interaction. Why hope for a fire to strike the town when you are holding the arson card? Is this bid extra important to you? Play the corruption card to get an added advantage. These cards aren't for everyone, but will definitely change the flavor of every game of Builders of Blankenburg. Another excellent component upgrade. Reach this goal and the cardboard first player key token will be replaced with a metal replica of a real antique skeleton key. More characters equals more game dynamics, so we're adding three more to the game. Will you draw the money changer, who can exchange silver for gold and vice versa? If not, there will be other worthy new characters to select from. With quality art, these coins look good even if made of cardboard, but this stretch goal will upgrade the gold coins in the game to actually be minted of gold toned metal instead. Ambitious? Yes. Awesome? Definitely! If backers sign up for only about 1,000 copies of the game, this can become a reality. Another upgrade exclusive to this printing of the game. We heard you loud and clear. The most requested upgrade was for the silver coins to be made of something other than cardboard. Since these are the most numerous component in the game, an upgrade won't be cheap, but if we reach this Kickstarter exclusive goal it will become a reality. Depending on total funds raised, cost, and weight, the silver coins will be upgraded to either metal or plastic. Want to pick up an added copy or two of the game? Simply increase your pledge amount according to the details below. When the Kickstarter ends, we will send out surveys to to all backers allowing you to note any add-on copies of the game you wish to have. Extra copies cost $30 each for backers of a physical copy of the game. Shipping is free in the US, $5 to Canada or the EU, and later determined for the rest of the world based on actual postage rates. One of the things that Makes Builders of Blankenburg unique is that this is a collaborative project between the game designer and artist. Most games on Kickstarter utilize freelance artists. While many of these artists are very good, they are not invested in the game to the same extent as when they are a 50/50 partner. Liz Stephanoff has produced excellent quality work for the project thus far, bringing the denizens of Blankenburg to life. By supporting our project, you have the ability to become part of the game as well, adding your likeness to all copies in the current and future print runs. You can view a bit more of her art style and technique in the video below. PLAY What about shipping? Shipping within the US is free for all game packages. Shipping to Canada is an additional $10 and shipping to Europe is an additional $15. We will be using Canadian and EU friendly fulfillment services to avoid any extra fees to backers in those areas. We will ship worldwide, but blanket shipping prices are difficult to determine, so other countries will be charged actual shipping after the campaign concludes. We will do everything in our power to limit customs and duty to other countries, but we cannot guarantee it. Shipping charges to the rest of the world will be reduced by $10 each, to reflect a credit equal to the value of free shipping in the US. Most other countries will see shipping around $20 and not more than $25. Add on shipping for additional game copies is the same as the first copy. Why support now? The Kickstarter pricing with free shipping is at least a 30% discount to standard retail pricing. In addition, many items available through this campaign will not be available later, including the limited deluxe edition. Your support at this stage can unlock additional characters, visitors and events, plus upgrade components that will all be Kickstarter exclusives. Finally, this is your only opportunity to earn board game immortality by having your likeness used in the game. Why Kickstarter? The reasons to fund through Kickstarter are twofold. First, this allows us to reach a worldwide audience who becomes invested in the success of the game along with us. Secondly, it involves the gaming community in the creation of Builders of Blankenburg. Not only will some people be able to have their likeness used in the game, this creates an open dialog between the designer, artist, and consumer to ensure the final game is the very best product possible. What's next? We have a number of ideas on tap to expand Builders of Blankenburg. The Farmers expansion would allow up to six people to play, by adding an extra agricultural district and increasing the citizen track. In addition, it adds a new dynamic to the game with auctions of different crop producing fields, which pay out during harvest times. For fantasy lovers, we are looking at a cards only expansion called Wizards of Blankenburg. This would add fantasy flair to the game with structures and inhabitants from popular mythology. Also, certain structures would allow players to generate magic, and each wizard character will have a unique set of spells they can cast. If you're looking for more variety, there are also plans for unrelated games dealing with everything from worker placement to viking battles. Other Languages While Builders of Blankenburg features as many symbols as possible to cut down on language dependence, we do realize it's always nicest to have the official rules in your native tongue. To this end, we will provide translated copies of the rules on Board Game Geek for any language that generates at least a dozen backers. If we have around a hundred backers who share another language, we will include a printed rule book in that language with the game as well. All translations will also include a reference sheet that serves to translate the text on the character, visitor and event cards. Avatars First off, thank you to all of you for your support during the original Builders of Blankenburg campaign that got all of this started. Further thanks to the many of you who are already supporting the Fields &amp; Flocks campaign as it nears the final 48 hours. For the rest of you, I thought I would make one more update here at the original campaign so that nobody misses out on the opportunity to support this expansion. As has been said, in addition to 6-player support, Fields &amp; Flocks adds a whole new Harvest Phase to the game, along with a full reprinting of all the cards from the base game. You can check out the campaign here: <url>"the games have arrived." Many apologies to our European and Canadian backers, as you should have received your copy of Builders of Blankenburg a couple weeks ago. However, French Customs decided a shipment of board games from China was suspect and performed a random inspection. In addition to holding up the games in port longer than normal, this meant the truck scheduled to pick them up and bring them to Ideaspatcher ended up leaving port empty handed and another truck had to be scheduled once Customs was through. To make a long story short, Ideaspatcher has confirmed that the shipment finally arrived at their warehouse today, with the games ready to ship out to you tomorrow. I thank you for your patience. Regardless of where you live, please take a few minutes to share about the game on Board Game Geek after you have had a chance to play. We have had one industrious backer who took the time to fully catalog every part of the game with high quality pictures, while others have contributed reviews or rules questions. While I would love to see everyone contribute lots on BGG, I realize you are all very busy. If you don't have time for anything else, please stop by long enough to rate the game. We have only 10 ratings so far and a game needs at least 30 before it gets a BGG rank and shows up on different lists. BGG is also the best place to go if you have any rules interpretation questions, as I try to drop by there every day or so. This will likely be my last formal update through Kickstarter for quite some time, but you can always reach me directly with any questions you may have. Thank you for your support and enjoy Builders of Blankenburg! Peter It is time (finally) The games have arrived, they look great, and they're headed out to you. The main shipment of Builders of Blankenburg reached the port of Los Angeles on time, cleared customs, and are now shipping out to US backers. By the time you read this, many of you will have already received a tracking number via email, and some may have already received their copy of the game. For those of you in the EU and Canada, we're hoping for shipments to start heading your way in about one week's time. As the games arrive, please feel free to drop me a line at <email> with any comments or rules questions you may have. You can also visit the Builders of Blankenburg page at Board Game Geek to share thoughts about the game and as a repository for any rules updates and other news. We are currently working on a German translation of the rules and will try to translate them into other languages as well over time. Thank you for your support in making this a reality. As you get ready to play your first game sometime soon, ask yourself: "What will you build?" Thanks, Peter All the copies of Builders of Blankenburg have departed the factory and are heading towards fulfillment centers. They are traveling by freighter from China to the US and France, depending on their final destination. For US and Canadian backers, the shipment departed on 1/9/16, with arrival due in Los Angeles on 1/24/16. From there it's up to a week to clear customs (hopefully less), and then anywhere from a couple days to a week to ship to you. For those of you on the other side of the pond in Europe, the freighter just left China on 1/12/16, with expected arrival in France on 2/4/16 (or should I say 4/2/16 for European dating conventions). It will again be about a week for customs and a week for shipping. Fulfillment is being handled by Ideaspatcher. Finally, for our Asian and Australian backers, games are shipping from a fulfillment center in China. I have already contacted you individually about shipping charges depending on destination, and games will start shipping in a couple of days. I'm excited to see this all wrapping up and hope you're all excited to get your hands on Builders of Blankenburg (finally)! I appreciate your support and understanding as we ran into some production delays earlier. Thanks again, Peter The Final Countdown Production is nearing completion, with all copies of the game expected to be ready within a few days. The first copy off the line was shipped out to us and received on Monday. Though the proof copy looked very nice, this is the first copy that included punch board tokens, specifically gold &amp; silver coins and the coats of arms. I must say they all look excellent and the die-cut was masterfully produced, since the tokens punch out very cleanly, with minimal effort. Here's a shot showing everything that comes in the box Close up of the player screens front and back Close up of all the tokens that come with the game If you have moved recently, please make sure to update your address so there are no difficulties when shipping your copy of Builders of Blankenburg. Those of you outside of the US, EU and Canada will have received additional communications regarding shipping charges, since they were not automatically calculated through Kickstarter. As always, thank you for your support in making Builders of Blankenburg a reality. If you know anybody who may be interested in the game, please direct them to the Cobblestone Games website . Pre-order pricing will remain in effect until the end of the year. Please feel free to contact me should you have any questions. Peter Greetings again. The past few months have been a struggle working with the manufacturer to get through the pre-production phase, but I'm glad to announce that mass production has now started. The physical proof copy that arrived last week looks great and for the first time I have been able to see Builders of Blankenburg complete with real cards, a professional board, and a proper box. Unfortunately, manufacturer delays during this process have pushed back our timeline to the extent that my planned delivery by Christmas is no longer possible. At this time, it looks as if backers will receive their copies of the game in early February. I continue to work with the manufacturer to try and expedite the process where possible. While I realize we had an aggressive time table, our files were all uploaded by the deadline we had been given and I fully expected the manufacturer to follow through on time as well. On a positive note, based on the proofs we received, everything is going to look excellent and be very high quality. Thank you again for your support. I apologize for the longer wait, but believe me, it'll be worth it. Peter As things continue to progress towards mass production, I thought I'd brighten up your Tuesday evening (or Wednesday morning in Europe) with the first shots of our Master Builder gold coins. As promised, these aren't your typical board game coins. Each coin is minted in full 3D on both sides. They are 1.25" in diameter and have a good heft to them. They even sound awesome when they clink together. When combined with extra large Master Builder resource cubes, these will make for a very impressive layout on the tabletop. The only downside to having these coins in the game is that nobody will ever want to spend them since they're so fun to hoard instead. I hope to have another production update for everyone soon. Thanks, Peter The manufacturing process continues apace for Builders of Blankenburg. Meanwhile, the upgraded components for the deluxe Master Builder edition are almost ready as well. The deluxe resource cubes are all on hand and looking great. Here's a shot of the Master Builder components next to their regular kin. Wood is still represented by wood cubes, but they're higher quality hardwood and will be stained when finished, unless you prefer to have natural wood similar to the regular game components. The stone cubes are gray granite blocks instead of wood painted gray. Glass is still represented by acrylic, though it's higher quality extruded and polished without any mold injection marks. Marble is actual white marble cubes instead of wood painted white and iron is represented with metal cubes. We plan to powder coat the metal cubes black so they are better aligned with the colors used in the game and are rust proof. However, they will be available unfinished as an option. With the five resources made of five different materials, it gives everything a wonderful uniqueness. Each component has a different weight and feels different in your hands. The gold coins for the Master Builder edition are in the process of being minted as well and I should have the completed coins available to share in about 3-4 weeks. These are full 3D minted coins and the artwork for the dies look amazing. The coins are approximately the size and weight of a US half dollar coin. To everyone who backed at the Master Builder level, congratulations. This will truly be a limited edition board game to capture the attention of anyone who plays it. Stay tuned and I should have an update of overall manufacturing progress in another week or two, along with an unboxing of the first production copy of the game in about a month or so. For anyone interested, there are still five Master Builders copies available; please let me know if you would like to upgrade your copy of the game. Thank you all for your support, Peter It's been a while since the last update, so I wanted to let you all know that we remain on target for December delivery. As you know all art for the game was completed a while ago and the full print and play was released to backers. Currently, we are in the process of reviewing the the final proofs of the game so we can move on to mass production. All sourced components have passed our inspection, including the custom dice which we received last week and turned out great. Given the amount of portrait art completed for the game, we thought a medieval deck of playing cards would be a fun idea as well. Since we already have a larger project underway, producing a deck of playing cards with the same manufacturer is reasonably priced, and can ship out with the board game for a minimal expense. Production times for a simple deck of cards is also much shorter than for a board game, so the deck of cards would actually be ready sooner than the game, though we would ship together for efficiency. If for some reason there were delays in completing the deck of cards, we would still ship Builders of Blankenburg on time as soon as it is completed. That said, here is a shot of what the cards look like, featuring art on all cards, not just royalty. We will be launching a quick, 10-day Kickstarter for the Blankenburg playing cards on 9/8/15. The deck is only $9, with free shipping for those of you who have previously backed for a physical copy of Builders of Blankenburg. We are including BoB promo cards for backers of the playing cards, as well as offering a combo backer level that includes the board game and playing cards for those who missed out the first time. As noted earlier, we did not start looking into this deck of cards until all art for Builders of Blankenburg was completed and uploaded to the manufacturer, to ensure it does not affect production times. I hope you see it as an opportunity to get an inexpensive deck of custom playing cards, plus some promo cards that will only be available at conventions later on. Thank you again for your support, Peter Cobblestone Games now has a website up and running and Builders of Blankenburg is available for pre-order. You can check it out at www.CobblestoneGames.net if you're interested and pass it on to your friends who missed out on the campaign. Pre-production is moving forward fast and furious as we sign off on components and finalize artwork for everything from the dice to the board. For those of you who looked at the last print and play update, you'll have seen almost all of the citizens, visitors and events. Don't worry, the structures haven't been neglected. After plotting things out, we have been able to increase the size of the structure cards to full poker card size and still fit them all on the board. Here's the updated front side of the board: The back side of the board is almost complete as well, featuring additional dual purpose plots on which two types of structures can be built. This allows for a twist when playing a 4-player game, along with a less hectic 5-player experience. We are also beginning to test the back side of the board for a 6-player game and have managed to fit a sixth set of coat of arms tokens onto the punch boards to allow for this. As you can see on the board above, we have tried to remove unnecessary text where possible and have color coded the districts. Here are a few of the newer structure cards: Everything remains on track at this time for a December delivery in advance of Christmas. Within the next week or so the final print and play release will come out featuring all the finalized art. As always, please feel free to share your thoughts with me regarding any of these updates. I appreciate your support and involvement in the process. After all, without you this wouldn't exist. Thanks, Peter Hello everyone, I hope you're all having an enjoyable weekend. Kickstarter wrapped up funding about a week and a half ago and we have been working hard to complete more art and prepare for production. I have been in contact with the manufacturer to get the final contract in hand and signed, and hope to begin uploading art as of next week. Here's some of the more recently completed art, which will be included in the next print and play update mid-month. For those of you who have had a chance to play the game, please let me know your thoughts and any rules questions you may have. We continue to play test the game to ensure newly added visitor and event cards interact smoothly with each other and maintain the balance in the game. In addition, I am working on getting a website up and running to allow for pre-orders of the game and to serve as another source of information beyond the Kickstarter page. I'll try to keep these updates to a minimum, only posting during milestones to avoid overloading your inbox. Enjoy some more recent game art (don't worry, we are adding a second Z to the blizzard). I appreciate you support and your engagement in the production process. Peter After a wild roller coaster of a final 48 hours, you can all give yourselves a pat on the back for making Builders of Blankenburg a reality. It's truly humbling that hundreds of people who have never met me have faith in me and this project. I plan to repay you by delivering a beautiful game that will be frequently welcomed at your gaming table. Over the next week I'll be sending out surveys through Kickstarter to collect your contact information for shipping, plus pictures from our immortality backers to start their artwork. In addition, I'll be putting together the current print and play to send out, which I will then continue to update on a monthly basis. Having not gone through all this previously, I'm not sure if there's anything else I should mention at this time, but I'm sure somebody will point out if I forgot something important. Thank you all for your support, Peter Schultz As we sit here on the cusp of funding at the 11th hour, I was looking over the quotes I've received from the manufacturer regarding various stretch goals. While I realize we may still have a magical final day, the odds of reaching the higher stretch goals are slim. Therefore, to recognize all of your loyal support for this project, I am including more in the regular edition of the game. Specifically, we are updating all cards to a linen finish and providing a double sided game board. This will make the game look even classier on the table and the double sided board will allow for different strategies and a 5-player game that more closely resembles that of 2-4 players. I truly want Builders of Blankenburg to end up as something special, and I feel these included upgrades move us another step in that direction. As for other easily reached stretch goals, we only need 28 more fans at Board Game Geek to unlock another visitor, or 31 more likes on Facebook to unlock two more event cards. You know your friends owe you a favor or two - call them in now. Thank you all for you continued support and sharing my passion for this game. We have crossed the magic line into the final 48 hours of the campaign. Hopefully out of the thousands of people who checked out the page, many are receiving their reminder emails and will find their way back here to help push us over the finish line. The first post-funding stretch goal is only an extra $1,000 and we are 37 BGG fans and 36 Facebook likes away from additional social stretch goals. If you've been thinking of adding an extra copy of the game, or potentially upgrading to the Master Builder edition or an immortality package, now is the time. If just a fraction of our backers increase their bids we will be funded in no time. I had the pleasure of bringing Builders of Blankenburg to one of our local gaming stores, The Gaming Attic, tonight. We played a game with the owner of the store and some other regulars and a good time was had by all. Scoring was tight throughout until the endgame, with plenty of opportunities for players to bless or curse their fortunes, like when one player just built a second tower, only to see both damaged as an earthquake struck the town. I'm hoping to see some of the guys who tried it out join the list of backers shortly. Thank you all for your continued support. We're so close to the goal and it's all thanks to you! It's coming down to the wire, but we are closing in on being fully funded with about four days to go. Thank you all for your support! We have under $3,000 to go at this point. If you have been thinking of adding an additional copy of the game to your pledge, now is a great time to do so. Reaching our funding goal ahead of the final 48 hours mark will help us get a big closing push and allow us to reach stretch goals as well. We are also gaining ground towards our Facebook and Board Game Geek goals. As of this posting, we need only 39 more Facebook page likes and 40 more Board Game Geek fans to reach the next two goals. Continue sharing Builders of Blankenburg with your friends and we're sure to reach our goal in dramatic fashion. Things are starting to pick up again and we are on track to fund in the next two weeks. If we can reach funded status by the final 48 hours, I think we'll see a big push from all those who have been hanging out at the sidelines watching. However, there are two stretch goals in sight already. To reach our Facebook goal, we only need 84 more people to like the Builders of Blankenburg Facebook page . The Board Game Geek goal is even closer, with only 17 more fans needed on our Board Game Geek entry . Meeting these two goals will add an extra two visitor and event cards to the game for everyone to enjoy. The likes and fans don't need to be backers, so pass it on to your friends as well. Also, if any of you were thinking of adding extra copies of the game to your pledge, adding now will help boost our funding and entice others to jump on board as well. I thank you all for your support and believing in this game and I am fully confident we will end up funding. Way to go everyone, we have passed the 50% mark on funding! We're less than 4 days in during a holiday weekend and increasing funding daily. It seems that I set the Facebook and Board Game Geek goals too high. While I would still love to see that level of exposure for Builders of Blankenburg, I want all of you who supported early to have an accessible goal to add to the game. Therefore, the Facebook and BGG goals are being cut in half, to 250 FB likes and 50 BGG fans. Also, I noticed that nobody has been taking advantage of add-on copies of the game. That could be due to lack of recognition, or the pricing being too high, so I'm correcting both at once. Backers of any level of physical game copy can add on up to three extra copies at wholesale pricing of only $30 each. Thank you for your support and enthusiasm. We've just passed the 36 hour mark on the campaign and are at 150 backers and over $8,000 raised. Not too shabby for what is a holiday weekend here in the US. We've uploaded some more card art to the campaign and have put together a YouTube video featuring a parody of Queen's "Who wants to live forever" to raise awareness for the immortality packages. Have a look, have a laugh, and share it with others. We've been able to maintain positive momentum and are looking in better shape to fund this time around. I welcome all of your feedback, so please share comments or message me regarding your thoughts on our stretch goals, the art, rules, how frequently I should post updates, etc. Thank you for your support. Thank you all for your first day support. I see a number of familiar names from our original launch, along with plenty of new ones. As has been mentioned in the comments, we are in a better position than we were at this time before. We have a Board Game Geek home page takeover scheduled for tomorrow to help maintain momentum during this holiday weekend. I'm sure you hear it on every project you back, but I do appreciate your support, and I also honestly appreciate if you can spread the word about the game to your friends. It's getting late here in the US, but we will hopefully gain more traction in the European market as another day dawns there. Since tomorrow is Saturday, I'll have plenty of time to post other updates and will be sharing some new game art as well. Thanks, Peter Excellent to see BoB is arriving throughout Europe. Glad to hear people are happy with how it looks. Hope you all enjoy the game play even more. I was hoping to have better news by now, but the games for European and Canadian shipment have not yet arrived at Ideaspatcher. The ship from China reached port on February 6, 2016 as planned. A couple weeks ago Ideaspatcher stated that there was a delay in transit from port to their warehouse, while late last week they are now stating it's being held up in customs. I have emailed Ideaspatcher again this morning for a more detailed update, but my contact appears to be away at the Cannes Toy Festival (hopefully checking his emails while gone). I apologize for the delays. If any of our backers from France have any ideas as to why this may be occurring or other steps I can take to expedite matters, it would be appreciated. Once European fulfillment is underway, I'll post a formal update. In the meantime, I spoke with Ideaspatcher today and am told the current ETA to their warehouse is now early next week, with games shipping out within a day or two of arrival. The ship reached port on time on February 6th, but Customs seems to have been a bit slow and trucking it from the port to their warehouse has taken longer than expected (a week ago the ETA was early this week). Please be patient and you should be receiving your copy soon. Glad to see everybody's been receiving their copies safe and sound. Thank you all for the kind words. I am very happy with the production quality (it's especially nice to see how easily and cleanly everything punches out) as well. We do have a couple other game ideas in the early planning stages, including an expansion to Builders that adds a new district along with a couple new game mechanics. However, that's probably looking at 2017 given its scope. To try to keep up interest in Builders of Blankenburg, there is a mini-expansion planned for later this year. During play testing, my daughter participated a lot, so I agree that kids as young as eight or nine can play and enjoy the game. They usually have difficulty forming as strong of a long term strategy, but I know my daughter surprises me at times. If you come across any rules questions while playing, please feel free to contact me, or post on BGG, since I keep an eye on that as well. Hi all - I have been posting updates, but neglecting the comments since they had been quiet for so long. The games are supposed to be on the ship out of China as of today, 12/29/15, though I have yet to receive confirmation from the manufacturer that this has occurred. Transit to the US/Canada is estimated at 22 days, plus a week to ship to you once received. For the EU, transit is estimated at 31 days, plus about a week to ship once received. If your address has changed, please email me the update (<email>) or message me through Kickstarter with the information. I will post another formal update once I have confirmed the games are on board the ships and headed to their destinations. Thanks. Hi everybody. I'm out with the wife for a few days for her birthday. As soon as we return I will start gathering all the latest art for the print and play. The will be made available to everyone by Friday, along with the surveys going out. Thanks. Thank you everyone for making this happen. I was hoping we would hit a stretch goal or two at the end, but too many pledges were fickle. However I'm looking forward to placing the deposit with the manufacturer as we move into pre-production. In the mean time, I will pull together all of the most current art to get the print and play version ready for all of you. The full art print and play will be included for everyone getting a physical copy of the game. At first the included print and play was going to be the non-art version, but it's easier for me to just have one version for everyone and will make playing the print and play more enjoyable for everyone. Thank goodness it was only temporary. I was trying to find a way to actually get a hold of somebody at Kickstarter when it corrected itself. Thank you all for your support, and thank you Steven for the final push over the finish line. As Steven had mentioned, I had offered our immortality backers the opportunity to add a second likeness to the game at a discounted price, the same way backers at the game level can get a second copy deeply discounted. It looks like I had disconnected right before we hit funding, so apologies for lack of an official announcement last night. On the bright side, it saved you all from seeing my happy dance, which probably would have scared some of you away. As we become one of the "ending soonest" projects today, our fully funded status should help attract more backers. Good eye, John. You managed to steal my thunder before I posted the official update. But in all seriousness, you've all earned this with your support. As cliche as it sounds, I am humbled by this whole process. Thank you. Even a dozen or so add-on copies will push us over the finish line. I've been working through the numbers from the manufacturer on some of the upgrades and think I'll be able to add a stretch goal or two into the basic game. More details to come in tonight's update. We still have some of the Master Builder sets available if anybody wants to upgrade. Unfortunately, Kickstarter does not let me know how many people have starred the project, though I can see how many have viewed the video. If just a fraction of those who viewed and didn't back ended up starring the project, we should have a lot of 48 hour emails in people's inboxes. David - I agree that the 48 hour reminders should help push us over the top. I'm off in a few minutes to demo the game at one of our local gaming shops. Hoping to get some more backers there to give us a running start heading into the final 48. When I get back tonight I'll be posting another update (possibly a "we reached the funding goal" message). As soon as we hit funding, the first few stretch goals are very easy to claim, so that should help momentum as well. Thank you all for doing the hard work of spreading the message. I wish I was at Origins, it would be a lot more fun than working. Unfortunately, not going to make it this year. Prototypes have only made their way to game review blogs, and to game stores here in southern California. I'll try to be at the conventions next year when we have a finished product in hand and may have an expansion prototype then as well. The art is progressing along well. We have completed almost all the events, about a third of the structures, and a handful of the people (citizens, characters, visitors). The artist is currently working on more of the visitors. So overall, I'd say about a third is accurate. This is the only project the artist is working on at this time, so as soon as we fund she expects to have all the art completed fairly quickly. Obviously we're holding off on most of the people art as backers have the opportunity to have their likeness used for those cards. Aaron - If there are fewer resources then there are bids, the lowest bidder would leave empty handed. Statistically, this is very rare when looking at dice probabilities and a number of cards that add to the bid. However, in those rare cases a player has to decide if they want to take a risk of getting nothing, or take the sure thing and bid zero to gain silver. John, welcome to the party and thanks for helping us meet the BGG goal. I'll update the page accordingly once I get off work this evening. We remain on target to pull through in the final 48 hours. Thomas - Sorry to see you go. I see we've got two other backers who have returned from the initial campaign - welcome back. We're also 2 backers away from 200 and only 1 BGG fan away from our first stretch goal. I've been waiting to change the graphics on the stretch goal to show it unlocked. Somebody please help me out and become a fan. If you swing by BGG, thumb up the pics as well to help us earn some hotness and some more traffic this way. Eleven thousand is in the rear view mirror now and we're heading towards twelve thousand and 200 backers. At latest check we only needed 8 more BGG fans or 63 Facebook page likes to add extra cards to the game. Hopefully we can get past those numbers over the weekend so I can update some of the stretch goal graphics as unlocked. David and Gianluca - Thank you for keeping the comments flowing. I appreciate the interesting backer profiles. After a stagnant day and a half we have started getting some momentum back. If we can add just $500 a day, we will be in great shape and just about funded when the final 48 hours hits. Raymond, thanks for becoming a fan at BGG. I will be adding some more card art over there and if every thumbs them up, it might improve our BGG hotness. I have also added some avatars people can snag at the bottom of the campaign page. Joseph, regarding the Master Builder edition, by default it would have cardboard silver, because the cost to upgrade 120 coins is a lot. I am looking into options for upgrades to see if anything is feasible. In addition, if we can build some more momentum and start reaching stretch goals, then a lot of these upgrades are definitely possible. Gianluca, thank you for your enthusiasm. I had put together a few avatars last night and then promptly forgot to add them when I posted the update. They will be added tonight once I'm back home from my day job. I will start adding more of the updated art to BGG as well. By the way, very nice backer interview. I consider myself very lucky that my wife enjoys board games, though there are certain types of games she refuses to play. Like your wife she hates to lose, so some games get kicked out of the rotation for a while following a losing streak. When it comes to the print and play, the version including full art was only going to be for that specific tier. Everyone else will receive the early play test version from before the art was added. Both print and plays will have all the same cards, but only the paid version will eventually match the production version with regard to art. Glad you liked the ad. I'm hoping lots of people are curious and decide to click through and check us out. With regard to the earlier comments regarding the town, it would be Blankenburg am Harz, the one in the foothills of the Harz mountain range. It's not 100% historically accurate obviously, since there was no cathedral in that town. However, there was a town hall, a castle, multiple chapel and churches, etc. that line up with what you're building in the game. Hi Peter, awaiting your reply. Regards, Mike Hi Peter, thank you for giving me the chance to purchase the Promo Cards, which I would like to do. Please invoice me through Pay Pal. I am looking forward to your expansion. Regards, Mike Arrived in Norway as well. Great. Looking forward to getting this on the table in my gaming group. Received in the UK yesterday! Only just opened. Looks fantastic. Thanks Peter! BoB in the UK today. Great art, love the feel to the cards. @Ernst-Jürgen Bonus Cards may be wrong terminology... It's those PROMO CARDS mentioned in the other Kickstarter Project, the playing Cards, (<url>`s Mike. How do I go about getting you my updated address? Just checking in. Hope all is going well. Any updates on progress? Really looking forward to giving this a spin - some good reviews on BGG. @James, thank you :) so 21"x 21" it is. And when I say rows and columns, those refer to sheets of letter size paper, this I used 6 sheets total of 8.5" x 11" paper. If you use A4 size paper, you would probably used the same number of sheets. @Gianluca, I started my test prints under the guide of what Peter had mentioned about the size being 21 x 21. I tested several ways of printing before deciding on my arrangement. @Gianluca, The board should be roughly 21 x 21 inches. I used 8.5" x 11" paper and had it printed in landscape. It used 3 rows and 2 columns to print the board. It came to roughly 20" x 20". I found this to be acceptable when I placed the cards on the board. The hard part can be to get the sections lined up correctly. I used foam board and then glued the board sheets to it. Has anyone an idea of what the size of the printed board should be? I mean considering the card that have to be on it. Murphy struck today since you sent the files after my local print shop closed. I was there today getting some other Print and Play stuff done, including this rule book. Alas, now I must wait until Monday to get these files printed. Everything else is just waiting for me. Game Crafter supplies came early today. So close to being able to play it... I'm ready for the game. Ordered game parts from The Game Crafter. Now all I need are the files to print. I wonder how many of us added on $30 for a second game in the last days of the project. I did! If it was more than 17 or so of us it made a big difference. Glad someone pointed out the option in the comments. When will the PnP be available for those of us that pledged $10? JH @John: Interesting articles, wouldn't hurt if more backers realized all that went into creating a physical game. This has been the only campaign that I've followed with such intensity. You know, following a campaign so closely can be exhausting. No wonder designers need to take a break after the campaign closes. Congratulations to everyone. This is the second hardest campaign I had on Ks (Shadow of the Elder Gods was the other one), But if in SOTEG I was sure we would have failed, here, I do not know why, I was oddly sure we will succeed. At the last second, yes, but we would. I thank everyone helping here and @Peter for keeping up . Now if you excuse me, I will start to glare angrily at my mailbox while I wait the final link to the PnP. :D Congratulations! Looking forward to the game! Posted this on the Update too, as I just got home from work, but want to make sure you see it: Congrats, Peter, and the rest of us! Great post. Nicely done. Post campaign is tough. You'll need help. Mine is offered as a friend and co-creator. Start here: (not selling anything): <url>#11 - #14 are going to be your new best friends. If there's something you experience that isn't in there, just ask. Congrats to the max! I was just hoping we'd make it. I've a lot of time invested watching the progress of this game. Countless hours watching this game inch towards the pledge goal. I guess I adopted it as mine even though I had nothing to do with it. Whenever my friend saw me on Kickstarter, he saw me on this page. Well that was the end of a long but successful night Fully funded and its finally over. well done all the backers Well, Follow-the-Bouncing-Pledge-Total was a wee bit frustrating, but still... HUZZAH! We have BoB! Thanks for the clarification. This bouncing dollar figure definitely isn't good for my poor heart. We seem to be moving...in the wrong direction. 20 more Facebook likes and 16 bgg fans needed! I've looked at so many KS projects recently, I'm not sure at times which things go with which projects. It better recognize it if we get there. And will KS realize it if we do? $500 for two more event cards. Can we pull it off? I'll let Peter handle that one...I'm starting to get my KSes mixed up. :) If we want the full Print and Play, is that an extra $10, or do we get the full Print and Play included with the physical copy? We're happy that you can, too! I found a way to be able to afford the real physical game. I'm quite happy now. @Peter I guess they decided we needed a few extra thrills tonight. Because, you know, getting this funded isn't exciting enough. ;-) Oops, and we're back. Thanks a heap for the scare, KS! It still lists us on the "ending and 100% funded" search, so hopefully this won't be too costly a faux pas. Um, the funding is off by a lot, showing only $195. I know this is an error with KS, but I cannot help but think about those visiting the page and not backing / or dropping their pledge because they do not know that it is funded and very close to the next $ goal. Um, somebody please wake up the techs at KS, I think the system hiccuped. I *know* we have more than $195 in funding! There are 228 likes on facebook and we need a total of 250 for the next goal- 2 additional event cards! <url>"ending and funded". (Limit is 3 additional copies for $30) Yeah it is mentioned in the update "half way there" on May 26th! Wow! I didn't even know that. Just added $30 for an extra copy here too. We currently have 79 fans on bgg, and we need 100 for the next stretch goal! We can do this! Become a fan here: <url>"adding a loved one's likeness" actually means. Awesome job and congrats!!!! Houston, it looks like we have lift off. Boom, I just added $150 to my pledge. You are funded. Email me about adding my beloved wife as a card. Congrats. Not that I wouldn't love to have the physical version. Sadly I'm only getting the Print and Play version so I can't utilize the linen finish on the cards. I can't afford the $39 price difference. :( You will get funded. I personally guarantee. I've just realized that it looks like the designer has now included the linen finish on the cards and the double sided game board (3 goals unlocked) Even more reason to back the game You can tell it's late thats 3 more backers needed (oops) Thats only 1 more full backer need or a print and play with a 1 dollar contribution from a couple of people only $111 dollars left to get us over the finishing line!! Almost there! I wish I was breathing. Okay, I'm breathing again. And don't call me Shirley. @David, We need you pushing this across the line. Therefore, you need to breathe. If you die because you had lack of oxygen, you do us no good. Surely we can get $199. Someone go find Shirley so we can wrap this up. @James Oh wait, was I supposed to swap back? Oh dear... @David, I'm used to holding my breath (or rather not having any because of COPD). I'll take over the breath holding for you. I await your update with bated breath. (I'm just not sure how long I can hold it, so please hurry if you see me turning blue...) Yes...yes...so close, another 10 backers would get us there... Dammit, this thing's gonna get across the finish line if I have to get out and push. I'm not going to sleep tonight, I already know it :D Only $809 to go for the funding level Come on you last minute backers jump onboard Piece of cake me hopes ! -825$ Dear 1$ user. Thank you for believing in this project. I perfectly understand that you may not be able to pay the full game, life is hard for everyone. That said for 9$ more you will receive the complete PnP for a price that qualifies as pure and simple steal. ù To give you an idea, it will cost you less that seing a crappy movie and you will be able to sit three your friends at your table for 10$. And everyone will have fun! Think about it, there is still time ;) Come on lads. we are 826$ from funding this COME ON! I hope that many people have starred this as "Remind me later". @Peter a curiosity, as creator are you informed if someone does that? might be interesting to know To anyone reading this. If you are stioll on the sideline JUMP IN! We need you! and this game is insanely cheap for the fun it promises! We so got this, guys! Congrats! Let's pull this thing out today, and maybe hit a stretch goal before it's all done. Let's go! I'm waiting not so patiently to play this game. Only a little over 1K needed to appease me. Just sent out a FB reminder to all my friends...I know we can make this, and I'm expecting it to happen when the 48h reminders take hold. Anyone know how to grab a Blankenburg avatar with iPad? I can't seem to save it to camera roll. It only lets me select and copy the pics from campaign page. Anyone on the sideline considering this should jump in now. Would be awesome if it funded today. Right, this will be close. Quick todo list for everyone: - We need hotness on Kickstarter so we need comments. Comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - Visibility on Kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.Please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. While it is outright rude to go yelling "Hey! watch this awesome project I'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - On Bgg go to the main project page and Like it (<url>"Immortality" pledge. Obviously, you think the game is special enough for that...so tell everyone just why, and see if we can get more interest from the people stopping by for a peek. On BGG we now have 58 likes for this game (an increase of 4) Come on backers see if you can push us to the next stretch goal We are definitely heading in the right direction to be fully funded soon As regards the stretch goals an easy one to meet is 100 fans on boardgamegeek.com At the moment there are 215 backers of this project If you are a backer please take the time to visit the boardgamegeek.com website and search for this game, then click on the become a fan button. Of the 215 backers here on kickstarter only 54 people in total have so far bothered or were aware of how to become a fan As we only need 100 backers to attain a new stretch goal this should easily be done if all of the present backers could please become a fan Lets hit that funding target and beyond to make the game as good as we can Don't suppose you're at origins with a proto-type? Slow but steady progress It's looking good to be fully funded with at least a few stretch goals attained. If you are considering backing please don't wait to the last 2 days as once we are fully funded i'm sure more people will jump on the bandwagon. There are a couple of later stretch goals that i would really like added so the sooner it's funded the better the chances of the later stretch goals been attained. In fact, out of curiosity, How much art has already been done by now? One third? 13K barrer broken lads. It is looking good :) Keep the comments coming @Aaron Good question. I would suppose that he gets nothing and loses the Silver. Bad luck on bidding. What happens if a player bids at least one silver during the bidding phase, but there are no resources left when it is their turn to take resources? On an unrelated note, talking about metal coins. One decent solution I found for myself is to collect 1 eurocents pieces, spraypant them the color i want and then glue a size tailored image from both side before covering them in transparent nail polish. I mage the Greek coins for Omen like that and they look good. Besides the expense is ridicolous (1 euro cent a piece). For BOB you can use 5 cents for silver and 2 cents for gold for the rich epense of 6.40 Euro I'm here too, sorry, hectic day at job. This will be another run like Shadow of the elder Gods (Previously known as Shadow of Arkaham) that we pulled off one hour before the end. Love those kind of campaigns. they are always exciting. II know it is annoying to post without real content, so I repost here the baker interview template keep em coming! Backer interview: Where are you from? Tell us a bit about yourself: What's your favorite game type? Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? And in 4 minutes I just claimed 7% of the comments. What now, world!? : P Gotta get this place hoping! @David - BGG has far less Kickstarter-board-game-backer-users than you would expect. As a fan of Randy and The King's Abbey I decided to back this due to the nostalgia I just experienced looking at your box art. Lemme know if you feel the need for advice. You're doing well, and on target to pull this off at the last minute, and I'm happy for you. It looks like a decently put together game. Enjoyed NVS's comments too. (FTR: BGG ad is how I found you. Be glad it's working. : ) BGG goal unlocked. ; ) Super early bird opening up. Sorry, spent too much money on other things. Good luck! We're one BGG fan shy, and 49 FB Likes shy, at least as of my checking the numbers. There are at LEAST 145 backers who have not become BGG fans of the game. (At least our FB numbers are better, but they aren't as good as they need to be!) Only two more fans on board game geek! I asked my Facebook peeps to like the page for free stuff for me ! @Peter I'm happy to keep comments moving, though thinking of something actually worth saying is usually the sticking point. :) One other campaign I'm backing tried using some service called Thunderclap to generate a simultaneous social media message, but couldn't get the minimum 100 people. I have no idea how many of your backers are looking at the campaign and comments, but it might be worth looking at to see if we can generate some noise. Or maybe you could just do an update and announce a "Get Out the Word" day asking people to share the project on the social media of their choice on a specific day, including a comment of why THEY backed the game and why they think their friends might like it too. Can't hurt to try...and I have to assume that anyone who backed the game wants the project to succeed. @Jurgen I do not yet know. I wonder if I'm not already too late to find a room and tickets. @ Gianluca Casu Will you visiting the Essen Fair from 8th Oct. - 11th Oct. this year. Got me a wench! What avatar will you be sporting? @Gianluca, I tried it. I liked it. I could see that being played as I play this game. My grandmother was German. So, whatever part that makes me, I'm part German. @James, try this if you want some medieval German <url>" Another thing about me: I recently started listening to Schlager music. Playing this game will just validate my cranking the volume as I listen to my German music. I'm a decent baker. However, recently had to stop baking due to gluten issues.:( Where are you from? Split time between California, New Mexico, Colorado (USA) Tell us about yourself: I'm an introvert at heart. Started playing video games with the Pong consoles. I got introduced to card games because of my grandmother. I'm willing to try just about any board game. With use of only one arm, I guess I could be a literal one armed bandit. My friend introduced me to the world of Kickstarter, and now I'm becoming poorer as each new day arrives. I'm quite happy working strategy and mathematical puzzles / problems. I'm sick that way, I suppose. What's your favorite type of game? I'd probably say Catan type games. I enjoy the building aspect of Catan along with the card management. Why did you back Builders of Blankenburg? It has the features I like about Catan, but it is also its own game with enough interesting different features. I believe this game deserves to be made. Actually, Gianluca, I'm a terrible baker. Nobody wants my cookies. Including me. But nonetheless... Where are you from? New Jersey (US), currently. Tell us a bit about yourself: I've been a gamer since long before it was cool...and even before I knew what one was. How long? Well, I saw some episodes of the original Star Trek in first run...anyhow, I just love games. I enjoy reading rules, picking at them, figuring out what makes a game tick...and sometimes even playing them. And now, backing them. What's your favorite game type? Well, my favorite type is probably role-playing games, but what I really love is a game that's been cleverly and meticulously designed to keep there from being one set path to winning. Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Well, you pretty much have your answer from reading the previous one. I like this design. I think other people will too, if they give it a chance. It's pretty tough to compete for attention in the worker-placement category, but I feel this game deserves a chance to live and breathe and find its niche. Okay, i just reshared this project on every SN, i urge everyone to do the same. By the way lads, not a single baker interview outside mine? Come on! It is fun and helps the project rising in popularity :) join the fun ;) I was about to suggest it in fact. I got excellent results with this tecnique. I adapt the coin image to the diameter of small change, then print it and cover it with with a small piece of plastic book cover. <url>£ for 120 coins. @Gianluca Depends where you are. Kickstarters for coins seem to be fairly frequent, and one I was recently in had prices down to around $50 for 120 coins before shipping. I picked up a nice batch that I can use in this and many other games. So while I'll agree that metal coins have a nice tactile feel to them, I think it's interesting that people constantly ask for them in boardgame kickstarters when they could just as easily pick up very nice ones elsewhere...and support yet another project in so doing. In fact, while we are speaking, I have a strange question. What is the size of the board? The more I think about it the more I like the idea of printing it on Fabric. 120 coins in metal is an expensive thing. Just saying. I looked up on Spielematerial ( which is a respectable and quite affordable shop) and the lowest I can find for metal coins is 0.60€ <url>€ (so roughly 78,40$). Ykes! I would still love an option of a paid add-on for silver coins for the deluxe edition. Yep, gotta get more people in here. That 10k mark has GOT to go... Concerning the deluxe edition, what are silver coins made of? Are they cardboard? Just went thumbing on BGG here, became a fan, and subscribed. I also think it may help if we all add Builders of Blankenburg to our BGG wish lists as Must Have. Backer interview: Gianluca Casu Where are you from? All around Europe. At the same time, let's not go into it. I live in Belgium since about ten years now. Tell us a bit about yourself: I'm a Jurist, Law degree in european and industrial right, but I work in IT as projects manager (the irony). I live in Brussels with my wife. I have no kids, which is an issue since my wife HATES boardgaming and any form of gaming in general ( she hates to lose and accepts to play only in things in which either she cannot lose or can only win). So I collect boardgames hoping one day to be able to play them. Outside boardgaming I'm a rugby player (Lock) in a small third division team in Brussels. What's your favorite game type? The one at which I'm worst, which are worker placement and building games. I simply love the idea of building things and see something evolve and grow under my eyes. I just cannot win at them because, well, I suck :P Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Three reasons: 1) The theme is rich and makes sense to me. We need houses, we need materials, we need money, we earn prestige, we get money from people using the houses. Logic. 2)The game seem equilibrated to me and with many possibilities for different strategies 3)This seems a great project as PnP just for the fun of it. :) A good friend here on Kickstarter, Rainer Ahlfors, started baker interviews and this has become one of the main driver of many campaigns we did together. So, as my smart friend did I do here. Please fill in the following interview. Backer interview: Where are you from? Tell us a bit about yourself: What's your favorite game type? Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Hello lads and lasses. This project seems to have some rocky story behind it, but do not worry, KS has a long story of projects that were pulled off against all odds. That said let's get to work. Kickstarter and BGG are related and connected, we have just to push the right buttons - We need hotness on Kickstarter so we need comments. Comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - Visibility on Kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.@Peter, we need avatars to punt on our profile. Please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. While it is outright rude to go yelling"Hey! watch this awesome project I'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - On Bgg go to the main project page and Like it ( <url>"What will you build?" with the three buildings appearing lets me know what kind of game this is instantly, including theme and approximate setting. If I hadn't already backed the game, I would've clicked to check it out (and I very rarely click ads). Hope it draws in more backers! not 'php' but 'pnp' 2 questions: 1. Which town named 'Blankenburg' is the town behind the story? 2. Will the full php-version only be part of the 10 USD-pledge or is it included in all the other higher pledge levels? Yes...we're ahead of the first time around and only 12h in. Glad that this is back and seems to be going well. Don't forget to go over to BGG and become a fan of the game...after all, your pledge only gets more valuable if you do! (Same with Facebook if you use that. The man's giving away free stuff for mouse clicks, grab it with both hands!) Me too! Glad to be back.