The Next Big Thing is a great friends and family board game to help inspire the founders of the next big thing! “The Next Big Thing: The Game of Entrepreneurship” is a board game where players take on the role of startup founders to launch “the next big thing” that will change the world and eventually make them millions or potentially billions of dollars. Players start by bootstrapping their companies using initial cash savings and “superpower” skills such as programming or marketing to create a minimal viable product. They then grow their team, get their first customers, and move into an office. Players will experience many of the ups and downs of entrepreneurship with multiple significant events (good and bad) that happen along the way and take different paths such as an accelerator or a detour with a pivot path. As players grow their companies, they raise multiple rounds of capital from investors, increasing their company’s valuation, while watching their founder’s equity get diluted. At the end of the game, players must strategize and decide the best path to “cash out” for the most amount of money by choosing either to get acquired or to do an IPO. The player with the highest final Founder's Value wins! #1 Board Game For Entrepreneurship & Venture Capital The board game has received wide support from the venture capital and entrepreneur community, with top accelerators, crowdfunding platforms, and venture funds included on the game box and in the game rules to help educate players of actual investors, including 500 Startups, Plug & Play, Y Combinator, Crowdfunder, SeedInvest, HBS Angels, New York Angels, Sand Hill Angels, SV Angel, Cowboy Ventures, SoftTech, ff Venture Capital, Founder Collective, RRE, FirstMark Capital, Tomorrow Ventures, Greycroft Venture Partners, Upfront Ventures, NEA, Battery Ventures, Norwest, Kleiner Perkins, Intel Capital, and Comcast Ventures. The Next Big Thing was created by a husband (venture capitalist) and wife (serial entrepreneur) who love to play board games and wanted to inspire future entrepreneurs. One day when they were looking for a board game to play, they saw their two favorite games on the self, The Game of Life and Monopoly. They thought, "why can't there be a board game about Entrepreneurship that could exist in everyone's home just like these two classics?" Like every good Venture Capitalist and Entrepreneur they researched the market and found that there was a white space that they could fill. They created a prototype and then shared it with their friends, many of whom were fellow VCs and entrepreneurs, to have them play and get their feedback. The first players loved it, and after iterating, it has gotten better and better with each group that played. Based on the excitement of the players the creators of the board game knew they were really onto something! They can't wait to release the first version of the game to the public soon. “This game let’s you go through the roller coaster journey of being an entrepreneur, from beginning to end. You can experience all of this from the safety of a 45 minute to 2 hour board game that you can play with your friends and family. ‘The Next Big Thing’ is a lot of fun and a great way to learn about entrepreneurship and venture capital.” explains co-creator, Jenna Dreher Fernandes. Sky's TEDx Talk: "Innovating The Funding Of Innovation" Here is a link To Sky's Udemy Course "The "Best" Startup Pitch Deck - How To Raise Venture Capital" - Taken By 900+ Students This game was created with help from around the world... It's Come A Long Way! And Now Its Ready To Print. First sketch of the board First design for printing - we did this in PPT Starting to work with the illustrator Continuing work with the illustrator - moving in the right direction Even more polished - just a few tweaks left Draft of the box top Almost final illustrated box top We Have Been Testing This Game With Groups All Over NYC Since April 2015! We Are Excited To Print The Games With AdMagic! We did a lot of research to find out what the best printer would be for The Next Big Thing board game and we've decided to print with AdMagic. They have been great to work with so far and we know that they will do an awesome job printing our games because they are the indie game printer of choice for many of the top games including Exploding Kittens and Cards Against Humanity. Back us! Add a second (or third, or more) copy(s) to your pledge - The Next Big Thing makes a great gift. Tell all of your friends to get their own copy. Subscribe on our website, follow us on Facebook and Twitter. We can't wait to get your board games to you soon! Thank you for being part of this entrepreneurial journey with us. - Jenna & Sky _________________________________________________ Special thanks to... Royalty Free Music from Bensound Voice over by Josh Mead Video by Explainer Animated Videos Found On VideoPixie Just a quick note to let you know that the games shipped last week and they are on their way to you now. We will send you an e-mail today that includes your FedEx tracking number. Once you get the game, play it and take some fun photos. We are giving away $100 to the person who posts the photo with the most likes + shares and tags us on Twitter @NextBigThingBG or on Facebook &amp; Instagram @NextBigThingBoardGame. Contest ends Nov 15th. We can't wait to hear how you like the game! Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you! Jenna &amp; Sky We are extremely excited to announce that the inventory of the board game will arrive into the ports of New York on Aug 31st, and will then be brought to our distribution center by Sept 10th. We received these estimated arrival dates today from the ship carrying our inventory, which has been on a 30+ day boat ride across the ocean from our manufacturer. Shortly after the inventory arrives at our distribution center we will start shipping the orders to you. If you need to update the shipping address that we have for you, please do so now. We will be sending all of the address info to our distribution center this Friday so they will have time to set everything up well in advance of the inventory's arrival to ensure that shipping will be smooth and efficient. We're excited to share with you that the first edition of the board game has now been printed and being shipped in July from our manufacturer to our distribution center. Yaay! Once the games arrive at the distribution center they will be shipped to your address. We can't express how exciting this news is for us (and we hope for you too!). As a special gift to our Kickstarter backers, we would like to to give you a 20% off discount code that you can use to buy a 2nd or 3rd game as a gift or spread the word to your close friends and family. This limited time offer is only for our Kickstarter backers (plus your friends and family) and for games pre-ordered between now and the end of July. Here's our website where you can pre-order additional copies of the game: <url>"KICKSTARTER" for your discount. This will be a great summer board game to break open and play with your friends and family. We look forward to hearing your stories and seeing photos of you playing the game. The current and future founders of "the next big thing" will be playing this game, and inspiring more people to become entrepreneurs for years to come. Thank you again for your support. We will be sending out another update when we know the exact date when the games will start shipping to you from our distribution center. Jenna &amp; Sky Great news! The final prototypes of the board game have arrived from the manufacturer and have been reviewed and approved, which means that we can now begin the printing of the games for our Kickstarter backers! We will be receiving exact shipping dates soon and will provide an update once the manufacturer gives us the expected date of delivery. We can't wait to get the games to you! Here's a photo of the final prototype box, playing cards, and money! Wanted to give you all a quick update and let you know that we've been hard at work improving the game since the Kickstarter Campaign ended. We are now ready to send the game to the printers and we have also selected a fulfillment partner so we can make sure that the games get to you safely and quickly once printing is done. We will follow-up soon with surveys so we can collect all the information we need to fulfill not only sending the games to you, but also any other items that you ordered - custom game cards, entry into online classes, meetings with a VC, game play parties, etc. The Next Big Thing board game is now successfully funded and we want to give a HUGE thank you for all of your AMAZING support! We ended up at 189% funded and never could have done that without all of you. Next steps, we will send out a survey to you in the next few days to gather info so we can get your games to you (and/or other items you ordered). Then we will get the game to the board game printers ASAP and we'll keep you posted on the estimated date it should arrive at your home or office. Thank you! The Next Big Thing Team (Jenna &amp; Sky) Hi Everyone, In case you'd like to give "The Next Big Thing" board game for the holidays I've created a gift card that you can print and give as a place holder until the game is sent in April 2016. Here's the link to the gift card on Dropbox: <url>"great" startups more often than not have tough beginnings and patches along their journey, but great founders use those rocky moments to gain as many lessons as possible about what can be done to improve. That's a major part of being a founder and although launching your first product can be a super awkward phase its one you can't hide if you fund your company through a public means like Kickstarter. We really wanted and planned to deliver on time, but one of the biggest things we learned is that producing a product through a VERY popular board game manufacturer can look great on paper (and produce a beautiful product) while at the same time be super frustrating, especially with lack of communication they provided us during the printing and shipping process (no matter how much we begged/pleaded) which leads to frustration for our backers and us. We provided updates to our backers throughout the process based on the limited information we were being given once it was in the hands of our manufacturer. We have learned so much throughout this process about manufacturing (e.g. all the extra steps they don't share until you start going, and that sometimes the manufacturing partner you're working with is actually an agency possibly of another agency that works with the actual manufacturer and as a result an internal game of telephone is created which provides little transparency of where you are in the printing and shipping process), and the shipping of our games (e.g. shipping on boats from different continents that make multiple stops, can take around a month to arrive). With these learning we've now spoken to multiple other manufacturers and identified a new manufacturer that is cheaper (because there are less middle men) and seems to have much better transparency around process and timing as we are now talking directly to the actual manufacturer. So in the near future when we print new batches of the game we will be better and faster in producing it. We hope you do enjoy playing the game and we are happy to answer questions or hear feedback. Just email us! We are always looking to see how we can improve our process and the product. We just got confirmation today on when the games will be arriving at our distribution center. I will post an update tonight to let everyone know expected dates for shipping to your homes/offices. Hi Devon, We are still waiting on the prototypes from the board game printer. The good news is that the prototype games should be here in the next few days and then I'll post an update with photos and more info on when all the games will arrive at our distributor. We cannot wait to get the games shipped to you all!!! Hi Ragnar! We are still waiting on the physical proofs of the game to arrive from our printers (taking longer than we originally expected). I am hoping that the proofs will get here in a week or so and I'll post a big update as soon as they arrive. Unfortunately, we can't print the bulk of the games until we make sure the proofs look ok, so an April delivery date is looking un-doable...but we are hopeful that we can get the games to you all in May! Let me know if you have any other questions, etc! -Jenna Hi Ryan, Thank you for checking in. We've received our digital proofs from the printers and we are now waiting on the physical proofs. Once we get the "proof" boxes, I'll post photos and an update that will include a better idea of when you all should be receiving your games. Thanks! -Jenna Thank you so much, Ryan! I had an awesome time test playing the game with your team a few months ago. Can't wait to get the games you ordered to you. We really appreciate your support! We are planning on hosting a game play night with a journalist from Forbes who wants to write an article on the game and we will definitely invite you to that. Hi Jian, It was wonderful meeting you at AlleyBoost in NYC! We really enjoyed speaking with you. Thank you so much for your support of The Next Big Thing board game. Please keep us posted on what you're working on too. Thank you for your support, Arie! That's awesome. We can't wait to send you your copy of "The Next Big Thing". Thank you, Kevin! We appreciate it. Your website seems to be down. Mine arrived and I played with my family this weekend. Loved it! Such a good teaching tool for kids. Thank you Jenna and Sky! Mine arrived today. I will see about playing it with a couple of my professors next week. I find it very ironic, this game, a game about new businesses, and as far as I could tell, how to make a good company, so far, is the worst project I've backed in terms of delivering on time, updates and all the stuff that keeps the hype going. Hey guys - Any word on delivery dates yet? What's the word? Everything arrive? So, it's been a month since the last post here.... what's the good word? Sad about no updates, however my teachers at business school will get just as much of a kick out of this in the fall as they would in the spring. any update on printing/shipment? its been over a month with no news. A little more guys ... so we can hit the stretch goal. Any updates. Its the last day The entire team at www.seedinvest.com is excited to support this amazing project! Met you guys at AlleyBoost Startup Expo in NYC. Happy to see you on Kickstarter. All the bestssss! Sky & Jenna, I used to love playing "Careers" as a kid. Love this idea - best of luck! Arie Didn't have a lot of money, but donated to wish you luck of a great start. Good luck!