THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!: Thanks to all of you amazing backers, our album is funded, along with a coloring book, electric cello, podcast and more! Keep up with our progress in updates, on our website and on our mailing list—we have songs, monthly online shows, and more fun releasing all the time! Hello there, we're the Doubleclicks. We are two sisters who make music on the Internet. We like dinosaurs, cats and self-esteem. One YouTube commenter said it best when she called us "weird, charming, and heart-warming in a bizarre and yet adorable way." We tour all year, play at lots of conventions, host monthly online shows, release videos on YouTube through our Patreon campaign, and write songs. Many many songs. Nice to meet you! $30,000: The Album! Unlocked! Our next album is called "President Snakes." It's not all nerdy, not all folky, not all funny, but definitely a mix of those things. It's the most honest and personal album we've ever created. There is sadness and happiness and a cat or two. It's the next step for us and it is full of songs we are extremely proud of, many of which we have released online over the last year ("This Is My Jam," "Really Big Chickens," "Bad Memories," and more)—but the album will have polished-up, shiny new versions. Unlike our last two albums, "President Snakes" is going to be primarily produced and performed by the Doubleclicks, because it's honest and raw and very close to our hearts, and we want it to stay that way. We have learned a lot in 6 years of nerd/folk/music and we are eager to put that all to work on this record! Kickstarter helped us make our 3rd album, and helped Aubrey quit her day job. We are so grateful for this wonderful world of crowdfunding, where we are able to make the art we want to make and share it directly with the Internet. If you want to work with us to make this album happen, we would really appreciate it! $33,000: The Fiasco Playset! (The GAME!) Unlocked! This goal is UNLOCKED! Angela will write a playset for the game "Fiasco"—an amazing tabletop RPG with lots of room for role playing and SHENANIGANS and DISASTERS and DICE. The Fiasco playset will be themed around things we like and things that are in Doubleclicks songs. The playset will be available as a free PDF to everyone. $35,000: Coloring book first printing! Unlocked! At $35,000, we will be able to create a first physical printing of THE DOUBLECLICKS COLORING BOOK! The creation of these coloring pages was funded by our Kickstarter last year and includes art by John Kovalic (Dork Tower, Munchkin), Rebecca Hicks (Little Vampires), Molly Lewis and MORE! Since this level is unlocked, we have added a reward levels with COLORING BOOKS ($39, $69, $109)! If you don't want to change your level but still want a coloring book, we also have an add-on system! Just add $13 (USA) or $21 (International) to your pledge and you can get one of our neat coloring books! $37,000: More artists for the coloring book! Unlocked! We'd like to hire some of our favorite artists to add at least four new pages to our coloring book, relating to President Snakes, the post-apocalyptic turtle from "Now I Am The Fastest," and, of course, cats. Artists for this will include: Peter Chiykowski from the fabulous comic Rock Paper Cynic! Dane Ault of Monkey Minion! Natalie Metzger of The Fuzzy Slug! Jennie Breeden of The Devil's Panties! Len Peralta! And Chris Hallbeck of Maximumble and Book of Biff! $42,000: Electric Cello!!! Unlocked! Aubrey's cello is big. It is expensive to travel with. And electric cellos are cool. With an electric cello, we will have the potential for more touring range and less expensive touring. What does an electric cello look like, you ask? Well, depending on what we can get in stock, Aubrey's new cello will look like this: $45,000: Angela's New Podcast! Unlocked! I have been laying the groundwork for the past few months to create a new podcast where I play my favorite indie RPG, Fiasco, and other games, with my friends in the nerd and/or comedy communities. Right now all I need is a microphone, some software, a web setup and some time and I can make it happen! In exchange for your support of this album, we've put together some nifty rewards. It's our goal that our Kickstarter backers get the first and coolest versions of everything. Here is the breakdown so far: Digital Downloads: If you select a reward level with a digital download of the album, you will receive the option to download the album, over the internet, in mp3 or FLAC format (by popular demand!) The CD: Our CDs are printed by OasisCD, a company that aims to use recycled & sustainable materials to create "green" CDs. The album art will be created by one of our favorite artists. Doubleclicks USB drives: that's right, we have joined the 21st century! Nobody has a CD player anymore! The Doubleclicks USB drive will contain digital copies (mp3) of the new album "President Snakes" as well as our previous albums: "Dimetrodon," "Lasers and Feelings," "Chainmail and Cello," plus our EPs "Christmas Ain't About Me," "Beta Testing 1-2-3," and our all-meows April Fool's Album "Meowsic to your Ears." There will also be a couple never-released-on-CD "B Sides" tracks on there and some digital art and coloring pages. The USB drive is designed by Daz Watford, creator of our Velociraptor logo! T-shirt and Tote Bag: The new President Snakes t-shirt is designed by the wonderful ABBY HOWARD, artist behind The Last Halloween and Junior Scientist Power Hour. Shirts will be available in dark grey, sizes S-3XL "unisex" and S-2XL "ladies." You will be able to select your size (or a tote bag, if that's your preference) in a survey when the Kickstarter is over. Campaign Button: Some levels will earn a 1" President Snakes campaign button. Show your support for President Snakes, and also your support for our Kickstarter! This will be fun. WE INSIST THAT IT BE FUN! Coloring Book: At some levels, you can receive the Doubleclicks official coloring and activity book, a wonderful tome full of Doubleclicks-themed images created by our favorite artists! If your level does not include a coloring book, you can add on one by adjusting your pledge level to add: $13 (USA) or $21 (International.) After the Kickstarter, you will be sent a survey to fill out where you will confirm this order. If the add-on system confuses you, worry not—you will be able to add on the money later to get your book at this same price! Hand-Made Fabric Art Tote Bag/Throw Pillow: amazing craftsperson Katrina Keller is back again creating her unique fantastic designs just for this campaign! At the $85 level, you can get a "President Snakes" throw pillow or tote bag of unique handmade quality! The tote bags will be lined and approximately 8x10x3" with an appliquéd President Snakes design on the front. If there is a combination of rewards that you do not see available, please let us know and we can either add a new reward level or create an add-on system! Thank you! Hey everyone! This is the last Kickstarter reward for this project - our stretch-goal FIASCO PLAYSET based on the songs of the Doubleclicks! Now, you can play a fun game and tell a fun story in the world of Doubleclicks songs - specifically, set in a wacky museum with Dimetrodons, Velociraptors, supervillains, and more! Download the playset at BULLY PULPIT GAMES for free! The playset was written by me (Angela) and Richard Malena, co-hosts of the Gosh Darn Fiasco podcast. It was edited by the amazing and brilliant Will Hindmarch (who really nailed this) and art is by the delightful and talented Matthew Bogart. WHAT IS A FIASCO PLAYSET? A playset is a SETTING, a set of rules, a "skin" if you will - a location, a place, in which you can play the game FIASCO. To play this setting, you need the game FIASCO , which is a rad, simple, one session 3-hour storytelling game for 3-5 players. It's like D&amp;D, easy-and-short mode. One good way to figure out what fiasco is, is to listen to our podcast: Gosh Darn Fiasco (also funded by you!). It will give you an idea of what playing fiasco is like... and it's also just a fun romp, listening to very funny people make up stories! Our podcast had 20 wonderful episodes last year and we're looking into ways to keep it going into 2017. Thanks so much for your support on our Kickstarter! We are making plans for the next album and the next Kickstarter RIGHT NOW, and may launch in the next 3 weeks if everything goes according to plan. Huzzah!! ONE MORE THING: join us online this Thursday evening for our monthly free online show ! We play requests, chat with you, and have a special guest! It's fun! Love love love, Angela (&amp; Aubrey) PS - Want to back a Kickstarter right now? Our friend Richard Malena, co-author of that Fiasco playset and co-host of the podcast, just launched the PUZZLE KEYRING , a wonderful reference tool for experienced puzzlers and introductory educational tool for people who want to get into the world of Escape Rooms, puzzles, and more! We've helped Rich a little with that project and I can tell you it's going to be amazing. It's his first project after YEARS of backing projects and analyzing, supporting, and interviewing project creators on his podcast, and it's really really neat that he is making his own thing. CHECK IT OUT ! HEY LOVES! Happy ONE YEAR since this Kickstarter ended. How amazing! We have had an amazing year thanks to you. We've had an amazing 12 months thanks to this project. We had another full, wonderful year of being full-time-crowd-funded musicians. So much awesome. We don't have another Kickstarter going on right now for another album (though we do have some stuff recorded for the future) - but we are about to do the first big national tour since President Snakes was released, so this is basically the Tour To Promote President Snakes! So thank you! We're going all kinds of places. TOUR DATES BELOW! AND IF YOU WANT TO HELP... We need some help staying on the road, paying for gas, ordering merch and hotel rooms for the tour, and eating, and stuff like that. Honestly, we're gonna be fine, but because it's been so long since we released a new album we don't have the cushion we usually have before hit the road so I'm having mild panics. You can help by ordering a shirt! Or sponsoring our tour and in exchange we'll send you a postcard with a little greeting plus a poem or doodle! Thanks for considering... look how cute the shirt is! Thank you for your consideration and generosity! OK NOW LETS GET INTO THE TOUR SCHEDULE!! FULL SCHEDULE WITH VENUES, DATES, SHIRTS, TICKETS, ALL THAT: thedoubleclicks.com/tour See you on the road! Thanks so much for your support! -Angela &amp; Aubrey Hey loves! First, a note: if you want to help us keep making stuff this year/get all the inside scoops for what we're up to/get song downloads and demos, you can do so by backing us on Patreon . Patreon is like an ongoing, low-impact kickstarter campaign and it's where we focus a lot of our energy in between albums. Here is your KICKSTARTER UPDATE! Gosh Darn Fiasco—the podcast you funded—is now on its THIRD episode. Episodes are posting 1st and 3rd Mondays. The podcast is going super well—we're working on some special stuff with the creator of FIASCO (Jason Morningstar himself), we have a live show planned for PAX EAST (and hopefully Gen Con as well) and we have some really cool comics and game designers angling to join us as special guests. It feels neat. Listen to the latest episode now on your favorite app (just search Gosh Darn Fiasco) or directly on the website: goshdarnfiasco.simplecast.fm . You can also follow the podcast on Twitter and Facebook where we're posting behind the scenes photos and fan art!! We've got some other cool stuff coming up... our next free online show is MARCH 26! We'll be playing songs and talking to you and our special guests will be the PDX BROADSIDES! Rsvp &amp; request songs on Facebook or get the full details on our website . And speaking of fun things... we are working up new songs and writing new things for a monthly show in Portland this year! This is where we are developing material for our next album and stuff like that! If you're around, we definitely recommend checking it out! ( Facebook event ) ( information ) Thanks so much for your support! We really are enjoying the ability to MAKE NEW THINGS that your support provides us!! -Angela PS—all rewards have been distributed for this Kickstarter, so if you don't have them, please email us @ <email>! It's happening! Our next stretch goal accomplishment for this Kickstarter was to create a FIASCO LIVEPLAY PODCAST, where I play FIasco with my comedy and gaming friends and record it for y'all to hear! We recorded four episodes last year and are finally launching the podcast now! You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes , Stitcher , PocketCasts , and all your favorite apps. You can also access it correctly on this simple website: goshdarnfiasco.simplecast.fm Right now there is a 7-minute mini-episode out where we introduce you to the podcast and to the game of Fiasco and play a little trailer for our first full episode. The first full episode will be out on FEBRUARY 1. LISTEN NOW! Thank you so much for funding this project! I love Fiasco and I love playing it with my friends and I love comedy improvisation podcasts, so this project is so so so perfect for me, and I'm so thankful I'm able to do it. There's already been a lot of interest since launch from prospective guests and other folks hoping to get involved, which is really cool. OTHER KICKSTARTER THINGS Since we last wrote, we wrapped up some of our last Kickstarter rewards and they were good fun. We drew a few custom adventure images for some of you who were tempted by the promises of our limited art skills... ...and we played a game of D&amp;D with three of you! The game was scheduled on a day that happened to be Portland's only snow day of the year, so we nearly got "snowed out," but thankfully we were able to find a new location when the game store closed. Our wonderful DM Justin led us across the lands to rescue a city from a ghost pirate ship. IT WAS VERY EXCITING! That's it for Kickstarter news! I hope you subscribe to and enjoy the Fiasco podcast! We are finishing up our Doubleclicks Fiasco playset (the last stretch goal for this kickstarter) right now. Our goal is to play that playset with Aubrey, record that game, and then release the podcast episode and playset at the same time sometime very soon. Updates coming when they exist! DOUBLECLICKS NEWS It's a cool time for the Doubleclicks—we are celebrating our 5 YEAR ANNIVERSARY as a band! The celebration will include 5 things: A NEW "The Doubleclicks: The Musical" experiment and comedy-type show in Portland, new every month (starting Feb 8) A kid-friendly/all-ages show in Portland! Finally! The Gosh Darn Fiasco podcast (see above)! A limited edition re-release of the original Doubleclicks logo t-shirts! and an ONLINE CONCERT on February 14! Get all the details for that celebration on our blog ! -Angela PS: If you have not downloaded your digital copy of President Snakes, please visit the-doubleclicks-new-album-president-snakes.backerkit.com - your digital rewards are waiting there for you! If you have problems after trying that, or with any other rewards, please email me at <email> and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Hello backers! Thank you so much for an amazing year. We made an album! It charted on Billboard! TWICE! Thanks to YOU! By now all of you have had your rewards shipped to you - some mistakes happened with shipping, but our understanding is that they've all been resolved. If this is not the case, please let us know via Kickstarter message or email to <email>. The last remaining rewards we have to fulfill are our "Game Night" rewards, and we are in the scheduling process on those. Hooray, closure! The last two stretch goals we haven't finished yet are in process, too, here's the update on those: FIASCO PLAYSET - this is almost done, and we have a designer on board to get it laid out all pretty. We struggled to find a cohesive theme for an RPG that could include all the Doubleclicks references we wanted to get in, but it finally came to us (with help from our team, who you'll meet when we release it)! The theme for the playset will be "LOCK IN AT THE SCIENCE MUSEUM" - there will be dinosaurs, time travel, space, feelings, and SO MUCH MORE. Look for that early next year! FIASCO PODCAST - if you follow us on twitter (or the hashtag #goshdarnfiasco) you may have noticed that we have been recording episodes of this podcast all year! It's been a bit of a challenge to figure out the exact format for this podcast, to incorporate the right amount of gaming-and-dice-information with the right about of role-playing, but we are getting closer and closer. We have 4 episodes in the can and now that we're getting better at it, that should be speeding up. I'm planning to launch the podcast in January, and hopefully we will have enough of a buffer built up that we can release podcasts every-other-week. BOY DO I EVER LOVE FIASCO, YOU GUYS. Please try it out . It's awesome. That's the update from HQ! Thanks for an amazing 2015 and best wishes for you this December and January and all other months. If you are interested in new Doubleclicks things, check out our YouTube channel where we are posting new stuff pretty much weekly right now. Our latest video is a vlog from our Australia trip! And if you wanna hang out with us live, please tune in on December 22 when we'll be throwing a free online holiday party. You can get the information and request songs here ! <url>—we found out that PRESIDENT SNAKES charted AGAIN, and it's CLIMBING in the charts! We're now the number TWO best-selling comedy album! That's SO COOOL We'd love to celebrate this with you—because YOU made this happen—and we are doing so with a livestream concert in just two and half hours on youtube! Tune into our Youtube channel to celebrate with us, chat, ask questions, and party it all out! It's free and fun and if you miss it live you can still enjoy it later, both at THIS YOUTUBE LINK <url>#PresidentSnakes! It's like a CD release party on the Internet and we love it!!! HELLO EVERYONE! The hard part is over: we stuffed and packed and stamped and shipped all of your things! They are on the way! LET US SEE YOU: When you get your package in the mail, or if you color any of the coloring book, feel free to tweet/Facebook some pictures with #PresidentSnakes so we can celebrate together! The USB drive has fun exclusive new tracks, the coloring book is awesome and the album art is delightful. We hope you like all these things. We also want to see you in your #PresidentSnakes shirts and buttons! SOME ITEMS SHIPPED SEPARATELY: If you ordered a coloring book OR a custom reward (drawing, lyric doodle, etc) those things may be shipping separately from the rest of your order. If you get one package that doesn't have all your things, don't worry—there may be another one coming! DIGITAL ALBUM: You should already have your digital album (and digital coloring book!). The code is in your backerkit account! If you don't have your album yet, please visit <url>"Digital Rewards." Send us a Kickstarter message or email if you have any problems! We are going to be locking down your mailing addresses tomorrow to ship things out this week. Please please please make sure that Backerkit has your current address. We can't change it once we start shipping! Today we released a music video for "President Snakes"—the title track—it's very exciting for me because it is animated by my friend Ross Doran , who I've been making videos with since high school. We made a lot of They Might Be Giants music videos for multimedia class. And there were a lot of pirates and ninjas. He made an awesome Snakes video. I love it so much. <url>#PresidentSnakes! It's been really cool to see what you all think! Please join us in celebrating the album on September 1 — we are having an online show that day on YouTube and we'd love for you to come and chat with us! Details are on our website and facebook . xoxo Angela and Aubrey Hey everyone, I'll keep it quick cause it's an EXCITING DAY! If you ordered a digital album through the Kickstarter, it should have arrived in your inbox just now! Follow the instructions in the EMAIL FROM BACKERKIT to get the code and redeem the code on Bandcamp. You'll be able to download the album as an mp3, FLAC, wav or other cool kinds of files. You're also getting a free exclusive PDF of our coloring book! The album will be released to the rest of the world on TUESDAY, August 11 along with a video on our YouTube channel. We would love your help spreading the word if you like the album!! Use hashtag #PresidentSnakes! Here's the information on the rest of rewards: We will be shipping CDs, Shirts, Art, Buttons, and USB Drives for the following three weeks. USB drive production time is long so those will be the last things to arrive, but we expect everything, including USB drives to ship by the end of August, well ahead of our planned October deadline. Hooray! If you ordered a physical coloring book, those will be shipping separately from Topatoco, our distribution partner, and we don't have a timeline for that yet. You won't have to wait on the coloring books to get the rest of your rewards, however. It goes without saying that we won't be selling/shipping President Snakes CDs, T-shirts, coloring books or USB drives to anyone until after we've shipped them to Kickstarter backers. That's our plan! Hooray! Please send any questions via Kickstarter message or to <email>—it's way easier to answer questions that way than via comment. LOVE AND HUGS and HUGE THANKS! -Angela &amp; Aubrey Hello everyone! It is a very exciting day indeed—we are back from Gen Con and my house is full of KICKSTARTER! We have CDs (above) and we have stylish totes and t-shirts (below). We also have lots of envelopes and stamps and labels. Here is the plan ! Everyone who backed at a level where they get a digital album (that's most of you) will get a download of President Snakes on MONDAY. You will be e-mailed through Backerkit, and then you can click the link there to get your album! You'll want to check whatever email is associated with Backerkit, which is whatever email was associated with your KICKSTARTER account when our Kickstarter funded. It might be a weird email address. Check in with Backerkit if you have any questions. The album will be released to the rest of the world on TUESDAY, August 11 (we would love your help spreading the word if you like the album!) We will be shipping CDs, Shirts, Art, Buttons, and USB Drives for the following three weeks. USB drive production time is long so those will be the last things to arrive, but we expect those to ship by the end of August, well ahead of our planned October deadline. Hooray! If you ordered a coloring book, those will be shipping individually from Topatoco, our distribution partner, and we don't have a timeline for that yet. It goes without saying that we won't be selling/shipping President Snakes CDs, T-shirts, or USB drives to anyone until after we've shipped them to Kickstarter backers. That's our plan! Hooray! ACTION ITEMS FOR YOU: If your address has changed/will change by the end of August , please go to BACKERKIT and change your address. We do not have a survey through the Kickstarter system, it's through BACKERKIT. You can access it by going to <url>—it will go to the e-mail address associated with your Kickstarter account! If you have any questions about anything please send us a Kickstarter message! Thanks so much for your support, friends! -Angela &amp; Aubrey Hey beautiful nerds! We went to bed last night when this Kickstarter at $47,000 and when we woke up this morning it was at $51,000!! What an amazing last day this is! We owe you so many gifs—one for every thousand you've funded! Here they are, and thank you so much for getting us so far!! Right now we are dancing around &amp; prepping for our livestream show which starts in an hour on YouTube ! And it keeps goin! Stay tuned to gifs on Twitter and Tumblr , if you want! OH HEY YOU GUYS BROKE $53,000 WHILE I WAS WRITING THIS UPDATE! Greetings from Canada! We have blasted past our last $45,000 Stretch Goal and y'all just keep coming! It is looking almost realistic that we could get 1,000 backers on here before it ends in 27 hours, which is really unexpected-awesome to me! Whatever happens, know that we will be posting gifs every $1,000 because when we get excited we make gifs. I can't wait to make my Fiasco Gameplay podcast (our $45,000 stretch goal)—I will be working with my friends in the gaming industry (we're in touch with Bully Pulpit Games, the creators of Fiasco, who have offered to help out with our play set) to make sure the gaming is good, and working with my friends in comedy to make sure it is entertaining. If you aren't familiar with gameplay podcasts, we highly recommend checking out She's A Super Geek and other live play podcasts—they are extremely fun. And remember, in 26 hours we will be on YouTube for a LIVE CONCERT, counting down to the end, playing songs people request on our Facebook event ( it's not too late to request a song !), and thanking you all over and over again for making this Kickstarter happen so tremendously! Now we're going to drive back home to Portland! Mwah! -Angela (&amp; Aubrey) Thank you so much everybody!! We'll be making these gifs as we hit landmarks for the next 44 hours of the Kickstarter! Hello TEAM! Last night we got our 901st backer on this here Kickstarter, and that means we are officially OVER 900 !!! That is a really impressive number, you guys. Thanks for backing! And now we are in the land of ONLY HOURS LEFT! As I'm writing this, Kickstarter tells me there are 50 hours remaining on this project. We have one more stretch goal to hit: At $45,000 I (Angela) will launch my gameplay podcast project I've been dreaming about for over a year now. That would be cool! But this is so cool already, so please don't think we don't appreciate the amazing budget you have given us for our album! We'd love to get as many people on board with this Kickstarter as possible. The last few days are big for Kickstarters, so we are hoping to keep this rolling just a little longer! If you have one more share left in you, please tell your friends! Maybe tell them that they can pre-order our album here for only $10, which is a thoroughly low price! Or maybe tell them about your the coloring book artist you're most excited for... We've already started getting in our finished coloring book pages, and Jennie Breeden made some awesome ones for "Cats At Parties" and "Thank God It's Over!" Thanks so much, everybody! You make us happy like we just saw a really awesome cosplay! xoxo Angela &amp; Aubrey PS: We are Groot I know we just posted a big update last night but I wanted to drop a quick thanks for UNLOCKING THE $42,000 ELECTRIC CELLO GOAL! Those are the cellos Aubrey is looking at, by the way. They are so cool and futuristic! Thank you so much! Don't mind us, we'll just be dancing in our pajamas and thinking about all the places we can go! :D :D &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Aubrey &amp; Angela Hello Beautiful Nerds from our hotel room in CANADA ! This Kickstarter has just 5 days left! It ends TUESDAY! We have scheduled a fun countdown event—a live concert on the Internet—so we can pass the last hour TOGETHER! FUN! Mark your calendars for June 2 at 12pm Pacific and tune in on our YouTube ! But let's not get ahead of ourselves, we have FIVE DAYS to goooo!! STRETCH GOAL LAND: Right now we are only $500 away from the goal of AUBREY'S ELECTRIC CELLO! This is super exciting to us at this moment, because as some of you may have heard, we are going to AUSTRALIA this year to perform at PAX Australia in Melbourne ( tickets )! This will be our first across-an-ocean gig and the option to bring a compact electric cello, instead of a giant person-sized cello case, is VERY EXCITING. Our additional hope is, if we reach that electric cello goal, to record a video/song/something special with that new cool cello IN AUSTRALIA! That's in a different hemisphere! How cool is that!!? COLORING BOOK ORDERS: Many of you have been following the instructions in our last update &amp; adjusting your orders so that you can get our cool coloring book. This is a good choice! You are smart! We have announced TWO new artists who will be creating art for our coloring book: CHRIS HALLBECK (Book of Biff, Maximumble, Minimumble) and LEN PERALTA (Geek A Week, Super-Powered Revenge Christmas). It's going to be a really cool coloring book! SOMETHING COOL that happened on our recent tour—we played three shows at the very fun Denver Comic Con and I want to tell you about this neat thing that happened—we met President Snakes herself!! Yes, the titular character from our forthcoming album was BROUGHT TO LIFE AS A PUPPET thanks to amazing dinosaur fan, cosplayer, crafty cool person Jani Strzepek . LOOK AT IT SHE EVEN HAS A PANTSUIT Life is very very cool. THAT IS SO COOL. And speaking of cool... THANK YOU for continuing to support and spread the word about this Kickstarter! There are more than 860 of you backers and you have funded a really full budget for this album. Of course we want to make the electric cello &amp; gaming podcast stretch goals happen, but no matter where this goes, we are so thankful for your confidence and support! OTHER CROWDFUNDING PROJECTS: Some people we love very much are in the process of raising money for their things, and we would love to tell you about them! 1. App Camp For Girls is a camp local to Portland that teaches girls how to program. To fund their awesome camp, they are raising funds on IndieGoGo, and one of the rewards is that you can get a MIXTAPE CURATED BY US featuring Jonathan Mann, Sammus, Amanda Palmer, and more! The Mixtape is a great pump-up "You Can Do It!" playlist and we, obviously, recommend backing their project , supporting women in STEM, and listening to the great thing we put together. This mixtape fills me with energy and joy. 2. Geeky Teas is a tea shop/cat rescue project in Burbank! This is the next phase for the store "Clockwork Couture," a former steampunk shop—where we have played GREAT SHOWS two times—which is rising from the ashes, all phoenix-like, to have a new future. We really want them to still exist, so check them out ! Love and hugs and stuff, friends! Thanks for being here for us! -Angela &amp; Aubrey HELLO BACKERS! We are watching this number continue to climb and it is VERY EXCITING to us! Thank you for being here for us! We are at $38,658 right now, not so very far away from the level where Aubrey gets a Cool New Electric Cello!!! We have just added one more, final stretch goal, as we go into the last week: $45,000: Angela's New Podcast! I have been laying the groundwork for the past few months to create a new podcast where I play my favorite indie RPG, Fiasco , and other games, with my friends in the nerd and/or comedy communities. I am EXTREMELY ENERGIZED by this idea—it will be a podcast of fun and funny stories, accessible even to those of you who don't play those sort of games. Right now I need a nice microphone, some software, a web presence and some time to make it happen! We know $45,000 is quite a while away, so if we don't make it we totally understand. But we want to shoot for the stars!! We have added a corresponding reward as well: for $400 you can be a guest on the podcast (or, if we don't reach that goal, you can play Fiasco with me and my friends anyway!) No gaming experience necessary! How to get a Coloring Book! Lots of people have been asking how to get a cool Coloring Book! Here's three ways to do it! 1. Select one of the new reward levels ($39, $69, or $109). Those levels include a coloring book. OR 2. Wait until the Kickstarter is over and pay to add a coloring book to your order in BackerKit during the survey. This will be very simple, it looks just like an online store. OR 3. Go to "Manage Your Pledge" in the top right section of the Kickstarter page and add this amount of money to your pledge: $13 US / $21 International. That money will go into a "bank" that you can spend after the Kickstarter to add a coloring book onto your order. We are very excited to get you these coloring books. The new pages we've seen so far are AWESOME. Final Shirt Decisions! We have heard your pleas (no black! no red! yes black! no white! yes white!) and we have made a decision on the color for the t-shirt. Abby Howard's wonderful President Snakes design will be on a DARK GREY shirt (ladies and unisex sizes) and a BLACK tote bag. It will look a little something like this (ink color may very slightly, as these will likely be screenprinted by hand) Thank you all so much for a great Kickstarter so far! We can't wait for you to hear the new album, to get cool USB drives and to wear snakes on your torsos. Please spread the word if you feel like that's something you'd like to do! You are the best part of our job! -Angela &amp; Aubrey PS: While we're here, we'd love to tell you about a cool project going on on Kickstarter. Evan Curran is creating a fun quirky rock opera album called " Shiprock &amp; Anchordog Literally Include Everyone " and we think it is worth checking out! PPS: We have just scheduled a KICKSTARTER COUNTDOWN LIVESTREAM CONCERT for June 2, the last day of the project. We'll remind you about it in later updates, but you can RSVP now on Facebook or Google+ to remind yourself, request songs &amp; invite friends! Welcome back to the Kickstarter, friends! We have a bunch of great news for you! New Rewards! First of all, we have added a new reward level where you can get a fantastic handmade tote bag or pillow with a President Snakes design, created by Katrina Keller of Traveler's Keep . Katrina made awesome dice bags for our last Kickstarter and we are extremely excited about her design for totes and pillows this time around. Coloring Book Artists! We are less than $30 from our next goal, which is hiring artists to create new pages for our coloring book, and we have enlisted some amazing artists to do these things if we reach that goal! We already told you about Peter Chiykowski of Rock Paper Cynic, who is Canadian and hilarious and great. We also will have Brand! New! Art! by: Dane Ault of MONKEY MINION PRESS ! Jennie Breeden of THE DEVIL'S PANTIES ! and Natalie Metzger of THE FUZZY SLUG ! They are all amazing wonderful beautiful artists, we are HUGE fans and we know they are going to make amazing shirt designs! And finally, the T-Shirt! I know many of you have asked to see the t-shirt design before you order a shirt, so I have an announcement for you! Here is the wonderful design by the wonderful ABBY HOWARD ! This will be on a canvas tote and a shirt—we are running the design by our printer right now to decide on a shirt color. Please leave us a comment about shirt color preferences! The shirt will NOT be white! It might be black or red! Or something else, if y'all have preferences! That's all for now! We do have additional news coming about how you can order the coloring book, but what I will tell you is Do Not Stress, the add-on system will allow you to get the coloring book at a discounted Kickstarter price after the KS ends, without any prior organization on your part. Also, the Daily Dot wrote a nice post about our Kickstarter, let's show them some link love ! Thanks for getting us so far, everybody! 12 days left! -Angela &amp; Aubrey, live from DALLAS TEXAS! Hello team! You bashed through our $35,000 goal yesterday, which means we are finally going to be printing a physical Doubleclicks Coloring Book! We are very very very very excited about that. The coloring book will have 12 or 16 pages of amazing art by Lar DeSouza, Molly Lewis, John Kovalic, Rebecca Hicks, Ash Vickers, and more.... plus a Mad Lib by John Scalzi! The next thing we'd like to budget for is the addition of four new coloring book pages based on songs from the President Snakes album. One of those pages would be by the amazing Peter Chiykowski of Rock Paper Cynic , who will be drawing a picture based on "Now I'm The Fastest," our post-apocalyptic turtle song. He is really good at drawing adorable turtles: And here's the relevant song (this is NOT the album version of this song): <url>"Oh Joy Sex Toy." CHECK HER OUT, she is great, and the book will be great, and she's great. 2. SECRET GARDEN WEB-SERIES : The Misselthwaite Archives is an extremely beautiful, extremely high production value modern re-telling of The Secret Garden. They have an IndieGoGo to keep it going, and it needs your help! If you are the kind of person who likes that, you have already clicked! 3. WEAR YOUR FANDOM : Angela Pound not only has a great name, but she's also a really neat person who one time picked up something we left at a bar in Brooklyn and brought it to Virginia. She is Kickstarting fandom skirts made of nerdy fabric, for people who need fandom skirts and bags. She always has super-cute nerdy clothes and I am super pleased she's now sharing them with the world. One time she gave us a dice bag with little Enterprise-Ds on it. She's awesome. Is that coming across? Thanks so much for backing us, friends! Your support is a big deal for us. :) -Angela &amp; Aubrey HELLO NERDS! This project is FUNDED!! You pledged $30,000 in 4 days! Thank you so much! We are overwhelmed with your support. And you have also impressed the Portland Tribune , the Oregonian 's music writer, and the Mary Sue ! You have not impressed this cat, but that's no big surprise, don't feel bad about that. Hooray! Now's the part of the Kickstarter where everyone goes "Where are your stretch goals?" Great question, everyone! We are extremely excited about this album, and we have some more ideas, too, of things we can only do with the help of YOU! Here they are! At $33,000, I will write a playset for the game "Fiasco," which is my very favorite game right now. It's an amazing RPG with lots of room for role playing and SHENANIGANS and DISASTERS and DICE. I highly recommend you check it out at Bully Pulpit Games . The Fiasco playset will be themed around things I like and things that are in Doubleclicks songs. We will need to pick one setting, so it won't include everything from all your favorite Doubleclicks songs—if you need an RPG for that, please check out " Lasers &amp; Feelings " by John Harper—but it WILL be fun. I am very much looking forward to making this happen. The playset will be available as a free PDF to everyone. At $40,000, we will be able to print THE DOUBLECLICKS COLORING BOOK ! The creation of these coloring pages was funded by our Kickstarter last year, but printing the book has been much more expensive than we were hoping. At $40,000 we will be able to fund a first printing of the book. The book will be available as an add-on for all Kickstarter backers, and (space permitting) will be available online &amp; for purchase at shows! The coloring book includes art by: John Kovalic (Dork Tower, Munchkin), Rebecca Hicks (Little Vampires), Molly Lewis and MORE! And then... FUTURE GOALS! NEW ART! We'd like to have a few new pages in the coloring book relating to President Snakes, Our post-apocalyptic turtle from "Now I Am The Fastest," and cats. ELECTRIC CELLO! Aubrey's cello is big. It is expensive to travel with. And electric cellos are cool. With an electric cello, we will have the potential for more touring range and less expensive touring. This would be a game changer. Fingers crossed! Thank you all so so so much for getting us to our goal! This has been a wonderful few days and it just keeps getting better! Let us know via Kickstarter message or comment if you have any questions! -Angela (&amp; Aubrey) PS—Please come see us on tour ! We leave tomorrow! Mwah! HELLO BACKERS! There are over 450 of you, this project is over 75% funded, and we've only been here for 24 hours! How amazing is that?! Livestream Today! If you want to celebrate with us a little, or just hear some music, you can tune into YouTube today at 12pm Pacific for our free live Internet show! We'll be playing some songs from the PRESIDENT SNAKES album, chatting with you and taking questions! It's very fun and it will all happen at: <url>—that is awesome. We can't wait to get this album to you! --Angela &amp; Aubrey Hello wonderful humans! Thank you so much for getting us to 10% in 40 minutes and rapidly approaching 20% of our goal as I write this (edit: WE ARE THERE!! THANK YOU!!)! We are very excited. THIS IS GOING SO FAST! We will be giving you previews of art and music and other album-related goodies in updates as this Kickstarter goes on. We would like to start with... The Track List As with our other albums, this album will have polished-up, final, "canon," definitive versions of songs we've released on YouTube, along with some other goodies. In no final order—here is the current track list for PRESIDENT SNAKES. This could change, and yes, we are hoping to get some more new songs on it! Tiny Paper Elephant (a song about how being weird is good) Really Big Chickens (a song about dinosaurs &amp; growing up) Bad Memories (a song about bullies &amp; moving on) This Is My Jam (a song about the Patriarchy I mean Breakfast) Happy Holidays, Too (a song about airplanes) Now I am The Fastest (a song about a post-apocalyptic turtle) The Middle (cover of Jimmy Eat World's awesome tune) Coming Home To You (another damn touring song) Cats At Parties (CATS AT PARTIES) Portland (new song about our home city!) Thank God It’s Over (the "YOU DID IT!" song) President Snakes (our first female president) We're so excited to be in the middle of this ride with you!!! Thank you team!! xoxo Angela &amp; Aubrey @William---good catch there. the instructions were present for at least a week or two but for some reason they have disappeared, this seems to be a problem on backerkit's side. Here are the missing instructions on what to do with your download code: Copy your eight-digit code and enter it at <url>—Yes, that is the plan! We are planning to have an add-on system post-Kickstarter where you can add on a shirt, tote, coloring book, USB, CD—all of those things. We haven't talked about it yet because we found that the add-on thing confused people in the past, but you WILL get access to the "add on store" in the Kickstarter survey, and—unless something unexpected happens—you will be able to add on your USB/other things at that time! @Eli—Me neither! Those last three shows at Denver Comic Con were a blur, and I'm usually very good about remembering plugs! Thank you so much for finding us! @Jason—it would be a very expensive stretch goal, and with data we've collected, we don't believe the demand would justify production. Consider yourself heard—perhaps we will do a vinyl-exclusive crowdfunding project at some point to see if we can make it work. We're getting a lot of good questions about stretch goals, add-ons and coloring books in our messages. We will be setting up an add-on system and everything and will post an update soon! We are waiting to hear on an updated quote from the printer before we can price everything out exactly. Thanks for your patience. We also have new SNAKE TOTES coming soon, keep an eye out for new reward levels! Getting so close to the first stretch goal! Thank you so much, everyone who's pledged so far!! You're the best around! We did it!! Goal met!! Thank you so much everybody! Look for an update later today! Thanks for the suggestion @Ali! It's a thing we'll keep in mind for the future, but not part of this Kickstarter. @Andrew—yes it will! @gbskimber — great question! I think this will have to be a post-kickstarter determination! Lots are available a la carte on thedoubleclicks.bandcamp.com, so that may be the easiest way to complete your collection. :) @Cary Glenn—HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Thank you so much for your support! Halfway there in 5 hours??! Thank you so much, team! @Chris Mortika - Thank you Chris!! @Michael Kuroda! Good question. Tentative answer: 4GB! @Becca — thank you for backing! This is a good idea, we just don't want to promise anything we can't follow through on. :) @Alex Rosenberg — this is a good question! I think maybe you should send us a message when we're in fulfillment mode and we might accidentally slip an extra button in your package. Seems easier than an add-on system. :) @Christina M — thank you!! @Ryan Spence: we wanted to be ready for you :) @Thomas S Darragh — I am seeing that on your pledge as well, although we have selected all the "no shipping required" and added no shipping cost to that tier. That is very strange, we will look into it! I never got the instructions for redeeming my album code, and the instructions part of backerkit next to the album code are blank. Anyway, after some sleuthing, I found out you have to visit this page and put in the code from backerkit to get the download: <url>"Thank You" for being the only Kickstarter I've backed where I never have to worry about getting my rewards. All the "soft" goods are already so worth my support, and I never have cause to fear that the hard goods will show more or less when promised. Felt like leaving a positive message, since two of my other active kickstarters are (perhaps predictably) behind on deliveries and not forthcoming with updates. Those projects will make me more gunshy about future contributions - but the Doubleclicks will always have my support (and my Axe). Cheers. Is the USB flash drive a kickstarter exclusive? Sing it with me: Angela and Aubrey sure do got what it takes. Fundin' their new album, Called President Snakes! Congratulations!!! Congratulations! We have really enjoyed your Patreon videos! Hooray for funding!! Congrats (you deserve it)! Woot! Congrats! =D I am so excited about this project! I discovered you last year at PAX Prime and since them you guys have kind of become my geek girl heroes. Also, I commend you on a Kickstarter done right, with awesome rewards and stretch goals and really good communication throughout. You guys are amazing and I can't wait to see the finished product! Is it safe to assume that the USB thingiemabobber be available in the add-on system? (I skimmed through the comments and updates and didn't see a specific mention of it and, well, i must have those B-sides :) 45000! Yay! Electric cello! I would also love to get something on vinyl if that is ever an option. Just saying. So excited to see The Doubleclicks coming into the home stretch, with great stretch goals in reach! I can't believe you didn't mention your Kickstarter during your Sunday show at DCC. I'm glad I happened to see it on here :). Any chance of the album on vinyl as a stretch goal? Congrats on the stretch goal! Hopefully we can get Aubrey her electric cello soon! Which, btw, do you know which one you want? I've had a few over the years, so I know how tough it is compromising some of the feel from an acoustic, but you can also do some cool stuff like taking it on a plane without buying another ticket or praying they don't make you check it! ;) Loops and effects pedals are fun, too. Good luck with the rest of the campaign! I informed my boyfriend last night that his vote in the next election should go to President Snakes. His response was to keep going on and on about how snakes can't properly form most consonants, and therefore he wouldn't be able to understand their platform. I was aghast, as *obviously* we should all be voting for President Snakes (duh!). I hope when the song comes out, it further illuminates this point! So happy your new album is funded. Looking forward to seeing you in Austin - my "tween" daughter (and the rest of the family) are big fans. She wanders around the house singing "Cats & Netflix", and of course "Dimetrodon!" Fiasco - being stuck on a music tour when your car breaks down ... with a sibling.... Since I think president snakes lyrics haven't been posted yet, I think we should collect all the president snakes puns we can. - Who has what it takes? / No matter the stakes / You'll never see flakes / He'll clean the great lakes / Supported by fakes / Of Jonathan Frakes / And ancient mandrakes - It's president snakes! AUBREY your beautiful hair what happened (lice?) Who is older or are you twins? Saw your chicago show way to short & comedy opening show way to long. Like your music come back to Chicago or area. Can't wait Seeing the strechgoals, I finally need to buy Fiasco :-) Making the b-sides and bonus songs available as suggested below would be great as I too bought your discography last kickstarter and I think I have pretty much everything that's on the bandcamp site now... VOTE SNAKES Birthday present to me! Please keep writing amazing and witty music. Thanks for visiting Denver this year. Happy to be backing you again. Not at all surprised to see you funded in a day. My husband and I both love your music. Will the design of the shirt be available before the Kickstarter ends? The world needs more Doubleclicks albums! So glad I could help. Hey ladies - got the (then-) complete discography on the last Kickstarter - any chance of a stretch goal/add-on to get digital versions of the B-sides and other bonus songs? The USB is totally cute, but I can't afford to re-buy everything again this time (though I would love to just to help you out). Time to shower you with money again! Kickstarter is bad for my bank account but good for my nerdiness... It's my birthday and I'm giving you a gift! Well I do get the gift of backing an awesome band. I missed the last campaign. Happy to be a part of this one! I'm proud to support you. Thanks for your geeky work. Quick question, how big is the USB drive? Or am I that blind and missed it? I just want to know how much other awesome stuff I can load on it once I get it! Really excited that you're doing a new album! Personally, I'd love to see some additional new songs as a stretch goal. I'm also excited to see whatever else you guys come up with, although the cover of Free Bird from last time will be hard to top! More Doubleclicks! <3 @Thedoubleclicks. As always it is very much appreciated. I'm so excited about this new album! :-) Are add-ons of additional buttons a possibility? I understand not wanting to deal with shipping individual buttons, but my wife and I might have to create elaborate contests to determine who gets to wear the button if we can only get one. The downloads are in FLAC. It is like you knew I was going to support this :) Awesome! Good luck Doubleclicks! I should have said that shipping is being added to the digital order tier. ... Shipping on the digital order. Not sure if that is a mistake or not. I'm happy to pay either way. Enjoyed all your previous albums, so much fun seeing y'all perform live, proud to be a returning backer. I so want to back at a higher level, but don't actually need most of the swag... unless stretch goals change that somehow (or unless I somehow can rationalize the really big rewards -- MUST stay fiscally responsible, sometimes?). Regardless I'm super excited to back more awesome music regardless. Someday I want to see you perform live and in person!! Thank goodness there will be a new Doubleclicks album soon! Can't wait to ensure more great videos and livestream shows as well... right? In the inevitable stretch goals? :D This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.