It all started out so simple. Goofy even. A husband that took up drumming for his belly dancing wife. A couple of friends that wanted to join in the party, drink some beers in the backyard, and maybe, just maybe, make a dancer or two dance a little harder. It crept up on us, gradually and sneaky. Performing live on stage for the dancers at shows and revues. (*GULP*) Going to outdoor festivals and performing for crowds. (All right... That WAS fun!) Playing for parties and haflas. (Check it out! People that we don't know are dancing!) Drumming softly around a campfire in the darkening evening. (Firelight and drums. Yeah.) And then, it happened. Someone asked, "Do you guys have a CD?" We said, "A CD of what?" They meant us. A CD of our drumming. (WHAT!?!) Once we got over the surreal dizzy spell that the question caused us, we thought, "Well, maybe." How hard could it be? We drum, someone else presses a button. A handheld, a laptop, a microphone and home studio program. How hard could it be? We could do this! But, it turns out, we can't. When we tried to it lacked a certain something. And that something was good sound. Without thinking about it, we had created a dynamic. A range of tones, overtones, harmonics, and drones that we sort of organically fell into, simply by buying and playing new drums that sounded good together. A frame drum, a daf, a bendir, a dohola, a doumbek. A flute or a shaker here and there. A couple of hybrid drums that do a lot at of that stuff all at once. We made it up as we went. For quite a while we took it as a great compliment when someone would come up to us after a performance and say, "It sounds like there are more than five of you. How do you do that?" That is a great compliment, and listening to us live, you can really hear a huge range of sounds. But that simple, cheap microphone does a terrible job of being a human ear. It never occurred to us how truly hard it would be to record it to any standard of quality. So, we asked some actual musicians, and they explained that most drums need at least three microphones, each, to be properly recorded. And, the human ear automatically "mixes and masters" a lot of what it hears, so it can pick out the frame drum's drone under the heavy bumping tone of the dohola. But microphones are stupid, and so someone that knows what they are doing needs to set them up in the right places, and turn some dials, and make sure that what you play is captured. And then whatever you record needs to be mixed, again by someone who knows how, so that the cat doesn't run screeching from the room when you play it. And, once it is mixed, it needs to be mastered by, you guessed it, someone who has talent. Or else you get a recording that sounds like it was taken from fifty feet away, through a crowd of people, with a camera phone, underwater. When a bunch of regular guys, nerds and geeks to a man, develop this gradual passion for their silly little hobby something strange happens. They become serious. They begin to think that maybe they are talented, and maybe people really do like to listen to them, and it might just be time to answer that question: "Do you have a CD?" Our Twisted family wants to be able to answer, "Yes, and it is a good one. The best we could make." Thank you for helping us do that. We hope that, in the coming months and years, you enjoy the album many, many times. Hello all! The new album, We Are With The Dancers, has been released. It is available in CD form on CD Baby , and also soon to be on Amazon. You can download it from CD Baby, iTunes, Amazon, and more. If you are one of our incredibly generous backers for this project the Rewards will be on the way this week. Look in your email for the Kickstarter Survey I am sending out to get the correct address and so on for shipping. Please respond to the email, and not here in the public comments. And, of course, you can always grab a CD or the download card at any of Twisted Gypsy's live performances or many classes and workshops. Thanks so much, and talk to you very soon, The Drummers! Oh my goodness! All of this was not a dream, this is really happening. We made an album, with the help of our amazing community of friends, and we have everything in our hands! Nothing else to do but throw a party! What: The Release Party for "We Are With The Dancers" hosted by Twisted Gypsy! Debuting the new album by the Drummers of Twisted Gypsy. A celebration of drumming and dancing, with some truly special guests. Location: The "Onion" at The Sepulveda Unitarian Universalist Society 9550 Haskell Avenue. North Hills, CA 91343 "The Onion" is a wonderful building, perfectly suited for music and drumming. With a central, round stage area, and plenty of parking, we couldn't think of a better place to host this party. Intimate, warm, and a perfect acoustical sound chamber, this is certain to be a special night! Date and Time: Saturday, February 9th. From 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM Doors open to the guests at 6:45 PM for seating. Cost: Tickets are now available! $15.00 in Advance or $20.00 at the Door, Space Permitting. Advance Tickets will be available at all Twisted Gypsy Events, and all Classes, Workshops, and Circles taught or hosted by Jen and Charles. Advance Tickets can also be purchased via PayPal for $16.00 (an additional $1.00 fee) at <email> The Show: We have some wonderful dancers for the party, and each will be performing to a Track from the new album. The Line-Up: Gypsy Sisters Elayssa Faizeh Stevie Lynn McKinley Mandala Danceworks Roxanne Leon Mancilla and, of course, Twisted Gypsy! The Swag: The album, download cards, buttons, patches, and posters will all be available for purchase! The Rewards: We will be handing out Kickstarter Rewards at the Release Party. Any of our wonderful, generous, amazing, and much appreciated backers who cannot attend can expect their Rewards to be arriving in the mail within a week of the Release Party. The Public Release: The album will be available on our website and at our gigs, and also on a wide variety of online and retail stores (CDBaby, Amazon, iTunes) beginning on February 11th, 2013! More Information: Contact Jen ( <email> ) or Charles (<email>) Hello! All of the artwork; all of the text for interior notes, credits, track listings; all of the tracks themselves; ALL have now been uploaded and received by the production house. From this point until our final approval of the proofs and masters we are entirely on the timetable of the production house. So, in some ways the hard part is done, but in others it has just gotten so much more stressful that it is hard to explain. But, we are that much closer to having a finished album! I will update again, very soon. Happy Thanksgiving to all of the great people that we are thankful for: YOU! -Charles The hardest part is knowing when you have got it right. Understanding when to set it down, and let it be. Believing that if you add more salt, or just one more brush stroke, or a final tweak to the bass tones, you are going to overdo it, and screw it up... And, to that end, the drummers are having a sit down with our mixing engineer and producer (Austin) on Saturday, to hear where we are at with the mixes. To this point the process has been simple, and a little secretive. Austin sends us the track, with his initial mix. We all listen to it individually, on whatever medium we use. (Headphones, car stereo, etc...) We make notes, and send them back to our point of contact with Austin, Charles. Charles filters these opinions with his own, and then gets that information back to Austin. That way, we were not overtly influencing each other's opinions, and we were also not bombarding our poor engineer with ten to twenty emails a day for each track. With eight, maybe nine, possibly ten, tracks... well that is quite the amount of communication. On the plus side our recording session was phenomenanally good! We really captured our energy, and the way we interact with each other, and that gave us excellent stuff to work with. The mixes are more about balancing the various tones, and less about removing a bad minute here and splicing around it, and using tape, scissors, bandages, and paint to make things sound good. But, tomorrow is another test. At the "Listening Party" we will all be sitting down to hear the tracks one at a time, in each other's presence for the first time. Deciding what, if any, final tweaks need to be made to the mixes. And, if all is well, choosing a track order for the album. Hard work, and a bit nerve wracking, but there will be sandwiches, so we should make it through! Long story short: We are on schedule, things are sounding great, and we are truly, truly excited. The next update will happen when we send the Mixed Master Tape into the mastering company, and then to the production house. Thanks all, talk to you soon, -Charles The first of our tracks are now in the process of final mixing, before being sent out to be mastered and have reproduction begin. Mixing, essentially, is the step in which all of the individual microphone tracks are brought into balance, to create a great sounding track. Each drummer had two or three microphones dedicated to their drum, and there were two "room" microphones capturing the overall sound. Our mixing engineer sends us the "rough mix" for overall sound. We say things like, "More OOMPH" or "Less TING", or "Make it Sound Like THAT GUY is on the left, and THAT OTHER GUY is right behind me"... and he makes that happen. We can also determine how much warmth, or brightness, softness, or clarity each microphone will get, so that not every track sounds exactly the same, which on an album rapidly becomes boring. Mixing should be finished by mid-October, and then we send everything into the production house for printing. We will try to send out a "bonus" track of a finished mix, before mastering, to all of our Kickstarter backers, so that you can get a small preview. In the meantime, here is a small backyard jam that we did a few weeks ago, with a couple guests. Sombati Further updates soon! Thanks so much, Charles Hello! We have had a lot of questions about the album, and yesterday, and all of that... so here goes... Short answers: The day in the studio was fantastic! We could not have hoped for a more productive session. This is a huge credit to Austin and Bret (our Recording Engineer and Assistant Engineer) and how well they handled all of the technical details, the microphones to capture our sound but not choke us to death, and any flubs or jitters we had. They were outstanding. It also shows that all of the crazy hard work that the drummers put into rehearsal over the last six months paid off. We started at two per week, three hours per rehearsal, and ramped up until our rehearsal last Sunday, which lasted 5 hours, and included the entire planned tracking list. By the time we got into the studio, we were simply happy to be done with the sound and microphone checks, and happy to hit the drums. The studio itself (Studio City Sound) was wonderful, and Tom, Tyler, and everyone else was as professional, and enthusiastic, as you could possibly be. A great space, and very comfortable. We got over our "studio nerves" very quickly, and got into the groove, in no small part to how laid back and homey everything was. Now that Tracking is done, the Mixing process for the tracks will take, estimated, 4 to 6 weeks. Basically each one takes a day or three, and you shouldn't do them all at once or they all start to sound alike. And, I know better than to rush the artist who is doing that work. They have that skill-set and talent... I will let them work. Once mixed (let us call it the first or second week of October) then we ship off the mixed masters to get final mastering and then printed. That process is another week or three. So, the estimate (and I am knocking on wood, and being incredibly patient with the talented mixing artist, and the talented mastering artists) is physical copies in our hands in late October/early November. Not sure how downloads/CDBaby/iTunes/Spotify will work. I hope that they will open all that up on the date we specify, but now I have a great question to write down and ask later when I talk to those folks... Due to other schedules, and holidays, the General Release Party will be a (very, very, VERY) tentative and hopeful December 1st, 2012. The Private Release Party is... well.. Private. : ) Of course, more details will be posted as we get them... and in updates through the Kickstarter. As if we could stop talking about this project... Thanks so much! -Charles Hello all! The Drummers of Twisted Gypsy are in the studio tomorrow! Thanks to you all, we are recording the initial tracking for the album tomorrow. It will be a long day (from 8:00 AM to 7:00 PM) but we are ready! You have done so much already, but please think a good and groovy thought for us tomorrow! Thanks, Charles! We are thrilled, thrilled, THRILLED beyond words. And touched. Indescribably touched by your fantastic support and generosity. So awesome. So much support, so much love, so much muchness! Thank you all! This is the last day, and you have all done so much, but we must ask for one more favor: Please get this out to everyone and anyone you think wants a great, great album over the next day. We are already saving the world! Now we are hoping to make an extra track or two... Even now, every extra pledge, from $1.00 to $1000.00 makes the album that little bit better. And we are absolutely grateful for all of the support! And, for all of those who have been asking... (drum roll please...) The album's title: We are with the Dancers So, so much to talk about! We are nearing our 100th Backer, which is awesome! Thanks so much to everyone who has supported us, pledged to the project, shared the Kickstarter with their family and friends, or simply thought good thoughts for us. It is greatly appreciated. We are about to Save the World! We would dearly, dearly love to have the recycled, and minimalist, Eco-Jackets for the album. In our opinion, they look better, feel better, and even smell better. They are a much nicer medium for the wonderful artwork for the front cover, they protect the CD better than the little dumb plastic ones. (Seriously, how many of those little star tab things have you broken? I have ruined dozens...) And, on top of all of that, they are simply more environmentally friendly, which makes all of us feel better about the whole thing. Annoyingly, they are more expensive. But, we are almost to $4,500, and that would allow us to put our fabulous album into a fantastic jacket. We are thinking about bonus tracks. Essentially, if we can get to $5,000, then a bonus track (or two) is possible. Our list of potential bonus tracks includes: A fourth "performance" set for dancers on the album. A slow piece, featuring didgeridoo and flute. A new fast song, featuring a brand new rhythm. We are beyond thrilled. We are beyond excited. But, after all of the "How many" and "How much" stuff, what this Kickstarter has truly done for us is shown us how much support we have in the community. To see this huge wave of support, to have all of this wonderful praise and encouragement, and to talk to everyone that has been so excited and happy for us, has been amazing beyond words. It is very hard to explain how overwhelming it has been to know that what we are doing is valued by the wonderful people we do it for. To think about how the music we make brings friends and family joy, or comfort, and how they want it enough to support us, is indescribably touching. All of us are proud, and humbled, and grateful. Thank you. -Charles, Chris, Daniel, Nick, and Tim. Can we get to 100 backers ? With your continued support, we can! If we can get to 100 backers in the next five to seven days we will have a chance to be featured on Kickstarter's front page so that everyone who visits Kickstarter sees the project in its last few days, and that is a huge, HUGE thing. Every pledge helps us to make the album that little bit better at this point, and every bit of support we can get is greatly appreciated, so please continue to pass this along to all of your friends and family that you even suspect might be interested. There are 11 days to go to pledge and pre-order a copy of the album. And there are other great rewards as well. The Button, The Patch, The Art Work from Samantha Jorgensen, The Tribal Bling, and even private performances by Twisted Gypsy! But anything helps. That Lucky Dollar from your friend of a friend might be Backer 100, and that might be just what Kickstarter is looking for to feature our project! Thank you for all of your support, and thank you for believing in our dream! -Charles Hi everyone! As of July 5th, and this Update, we are nearing $3,100 in pledges and rewards! And, that is fantastic, amazing, and wickedly exciting! We thank you very, very much, to all who have supported us and believed in our dreams, our project, our music, and our ultimate goal: To make the best possible album. In the FAQS I have talked a bit about the album, and the tracks we are going to be recording, and the drums that we are using, but I haven't talked a lot about the why behind this project. More than anything, the Drummers of Twisted Gypsy are with the Dancers. Our passion for drumming comes directly from our love of American Tribal Style ® Belly Dancing and all of its variations. Our favorite thing is sitting down with our drums, looking out at an empty space, starting to play, and then watching that space fill with happy dancers. Nothing is better than that. The album is absolutely committed to being loved by dancers. From the tracks that feature "Sets" for performances, to each individual track that focuses on the pulse, the groove, and the energy that these artists feed off of as they dance. Seeing a dancer transform our rhythms into moving art inspires us, and that is why we are making this album. We still have a little ways to go to reach our BIG and ULTIMATE FUNDING GOAL of $4,500, so please keep sharing this Kickstarter with your friends, your families, and all of the dancers that you know. Any and all help is greatly appreciated. And, each pledge not only gets some great rewards, but also goes toward making this album everything that we have hoped and dreamed it would be. The kind of album that dancers have in their studios, in their collections, and in their hearts as they dance. Thanks again, for everything! -The Drummers <url>"Ooooh, SHINY!", we now have the Tribal Bling reward level. Perfect for a tribal dancer, or drummer, or even for yourself! Thanks again for all of the amazing support. Have a great weekend! We are all thrilled, and awestruck, and so thankful, that we are barely coherent! Having raised more than $2,000.00 in the first five days of our Kickstarter (WOW!) we have had some folks ask questions about what we will do with any extra money raised. (Wait, WHAT?) We have knocked on wood about a thousand times whenever this gets brought up, because we are not there yet, but despite any superstitions that we might have, it is probably time to talk about it. (Knocks on wood. Hard. Fervently.) What will you do with any extra money raised? ALL MONEY PLEDGED TO THIS PROJECT WILL GO TO THIS PROJECT. That emphasized, the short answer is: Make the album better. The longer, slightly more complicated, answer is that we will have more money for higher levels of production. That means everything from more studio time, to higher mastering quality, to better production values for the album jacket, cover, and interior. As you all know, Kickstarter is an all or nothing fund raising platform, and so the wisest course of action is to simply post the project's bare minimum costs, knowing that if you meet those goals (Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!) you can complete the project, and fulfill your commitments to your wonderful, generous, and all together sexy backers. But, you always hope for that little bit more... If we raise from $2,500 to $3,000: We breath a bit easier. Kickstarter recoups 5% of the fund raising, and Amazon Payments takes another 3-5%. So, at $2,800 we actually raise the $2,500 we were hoping for. The extra (and completely fantastic) couple of hundred dollars would go towards some "cushion" studio time. Right now we are planning on 4 hours of studio time. $200.00 more gives us another hour or two, and that means less pressure, and that means a better album. Some of the extra money would also go towards the little stuff. It isn't sexy, but shipping and handling, license and copyright fees, taxes, and consultations with all of the above folks, add up. And, we have never done this before, so we would breath easier with that little bit of cushion. If we raise from $3,000 to $4,000: Really awesome things happen. We can afford a higher level of mastering. This is a big, big dream for us. Mastering is the process of making everything on the CD sound clean, polished, and even. Basically, as you record, things in the studio change a bit. The tracks recorded in the first hour will have different volume levels than the tracks recorded in the fourth hour. Mastering evens all of that out. Really good mastering is what we have budgeted for. Great mastering is a bit extra and we would be thrilled to be able to afford it. With the type of drums we play, and the style we play them in, great mastering is an awesome thing to be able to afford. If we raise from $4,000 to $4,500: We save the world. This would let us go from simple black and white, plastic CD cases to the super awesome, full color, 4 panel eco-friendly album jackets. And, those jackets would have much more detailed album information, song information, acknowledgments, photos, and so on. It seems like a little thing, but it makes a big difference in how often you will pick it up, show it off, and how much you will enjoy doing so. So, what now? We are almost there! We are grateful for the pledges we have already gotten, and we are very hopeful for continued support on this album! Any and all support is appreciated, even if that is simply sharing the project with friends and family, and wishing us success. Thank you all so much. Words cannot really express our gratitude, and our awe, at your support. -Charles Hello all! We are less than one day into our Kickstarter for the New Album, and we are already at almost half of our goal, and three of our four Twisted Drums have been pledged for. Needless to say, this is amazing and wonderful and stunning. All of us are so thrilled, happy, terrified, and grateful, that it is really hard to express it. Thank you so much. Thank you for your pledges, thank you for sharing our dream and stories, thank you for supporting us in the million ways that you do. None of this would happen if it were not for our friends, our family, and our tribe. We are so touched that this matters to you as much as it matters to us. Thank you. Charles Congrats! John and I are so pleased for you, and so happy that you got so many generous backers! We are looking forward to your first (of many) album! -- Bjo