NOTE TO NEW BACKERS: Be sure to log in & read Update #1! Greetings, internet friends. I'm Jamie Tanner - cartoonist, illustrator, author of The Aviary. At the end of last year, I launched a Kickstarter project to help me make a new graphic novel. The project was successful, the experience was amazing, and since early 2010 I've been pretty much living my dream, spending most of my time working on this new comic book, which has come to be called THE BLACK WELL. Since I started work on this project, I've gotten great responses from people, including many who missed the original Kickstart, but were still interested in seeing what I was working on. So now that my new comic is nearing completion, I'm re-opening the project for just a little while... Up to this point the only people who've been able to read THE BLACK WELL have been the wonderful backers of my first Kickstarter project - they've seen everything that's gone into the making of the book, from my initial ideas, influences and inspirations to research, sketching and writing to planning, penciling, and inking to the final finished comics product. It's been really rewarding to connect with readers new and old, and share the work I care most about with them. In hopes of finding some more people who might be interested in reading my comics, I'm launching this project as sort of an extension of that first one. So for 30 days, I'm re-opening the Kickstarter doors. I'm setting the funding goal of the project super-low: just 50 bucks. So if even one person pledges for a page of art, the project is a go. But that's just a random number, really - there is no specific financial goal for this project. It's just to open the project up for more backers to join, and to hopefully sell some art & comics. Where does the money go? Well, first it goes to the cost of making and / or shipping all your rewards. Then it goes to helping support me while I finish the book - so if you like what you see, please pledge! What's in it for you? Well, anyone who backs the project at any amount will get access to the private website where you can read THE BLACK WELL - the first two parts are already up, and the last part (in progress now) should be up sometime in November. The first update to this project will give you the info for that site, and you can go read the first 88 pages as soon as you like. All backers will also be given access to all the behind-the-scenes stuff. I'll be re-posting all the backers-only updates from my first project, so you can see how the book developed from its very earliest stages all the way to its finished form. And then, of course, there are all the nifty rewards for pledging, like original art, prints, signed copies of my first book, The Aviary, and more. Basically, this project is a mini-storefront for art & comics, and with anything you buy you can read my new book as it's being made. Sound good? I hope so! (I'll include some examples of the available rewards at the bottom of this description…) What's THE BLACK WELL about? It's a sort of horror / comedy / mystery hybrid. But the mystery has no real solution, it's not really scary, and there aren't really any jokes. It's a strange variation on some classic horror themes & archetypes, like werewolves, vampires, zombies, etc. But in a, let's just say, idiosyncratic way. Here are some of the characters you'll meet if you care to come aboard: Want to see more? Click here for sample pages from the book. If it looks like your kinda thing, back this project - that's the only way to read it at the moment, and probably for quite a while. Whatever fate befalls the book, you can read it as soon as it's done. I'm hopeful the book will be published someday, but this project is about creation, not about publication. It's about finding the time to make the work I care about most, and finding & connecting with people who care about it too! Thanks so much for taking the time to consider this, Jamie Tanner ---- (NOTE TO BACKERS OF MY FIRST PROJECT: Don't worry, there won't be anything that you'll miss by not backing this second project. I'll make sure that backers of both projects get access to all the same updates and information. So there's no need to pledge again! Unless you wanted to get additional rewards or something. And speaking of rewards...) Examples of Rewards: (Note: if you'd like multiple rewards, just pledge for the combined amount of the ones you want and send me a message. Also, non-U.S. backers are welcome, but please pledge a little extra for shipping. Thanks!) THE DIARIST: Small blank sketchbook / journal THE AESTHETE: Small original drawing THE READER: Signed copy of The Aviary THE ENTHUSIAST: Small art print THE AFICIONADO: Large art print THE PATRON: Page of original art THE COMMISSIONER: Large original drawing of whatever you'd like THE CONNOISSEUR: Large original watercolor painting of whatever you'd like Hello, friends — been quite a while! Hope this finds you well. This project has been complete for quite some time now. I'm updating today just to let you know what I'm up to, comics-wise. If you enjoyed this project and the resulting graphic novel, stands to reason you might be interested in seeing more, right? Should your answer indeed be "yes", here's the latest news: Yesterday I launched a new Kickstarter project to fund the first issue of a new ongoing series of mini-comics. THE CONSUMPTIVE #1 . Here, take a look: <url>"calling", if you'll forgive a little hyperbole. I had recently discovered Scott McCloud's 24-hour Comic idea / constraint / challenge - basically, one writes and draws a complete 24-page comic from scratch in 24 consecutive hours - and decided to give it a try. If memory serves, when Memorial Day weekend rolled around, I sat down at my drafting table and set to work. As a starting place for inspiration, I grabbed some random photos I had in my tiny "archive" of reference materials (less necessary these days, what with these internets, but still great to have around) and started making up a story. After an hour of making notes, I had a story that would be waaaay too long to finish in 24 hours. Frustrated, I decided to abandon this convoluted mess, grabbed some small scrap illustration board lying near my desk, picked out a handful of different photo reference, and started drawing a new story directly in ink... Those are a few of the random images I was looking at. That dog on the left for some reason became a liquor-loving socialite scientist named Professor Winterbottom, and faux old-timey silliness ensued. I wound up breaking the rules of the 24-Hour Comic by splitting the work into two 12-hour sessions (more or less), but when that weekend was over I was thrilled to have made a new comic. Drawing a large part of it directly in ink without planning made things a little rough - just look at how our title character changed shape over the course of the story: Let's fast-forward a little bit. Over the next few years, I would resort to similar binges of cartooning - a few long weekends a year would be spent cranking out the idea for a new story. The stories were self-contained at first, but then connections started to suggest themselves. Characters from old stories seemed to want to appear in new ones. I began to see that all of these comics I'd been making lived in the same strange little world. Our canine professor and his compatriots turned up in later stories, usually drinking and chatting away. Here they are in a story called Unraveled Bandages : And here they are again in a story toward the end of The Aviary , called Amber (fun fact: Amber was the title of my convoluted, aborted first attempt at that 24-hour comic I mentioned earlier, ideas and characters from which would find their way into various nooks and crannies of The Aviary ...): When I eventually decided to collect all of these connected stories into the one big book that would become The Aviary , I realized that the goofy little comic I had drawn way back in 2001 was in no shape to be included. The characters looked different, the drawing was sloppy, and the original pages were actually drawn smaller than the final book would be. So the only solution was to redraw the whole comic... As you can see, those scraps of paper I'd drawn the first version on were a totally different shape than the final book would be. But I still liked the narrow vertical compositions of the original, so to make the story more at home in the new format but still keep that verticality, I added a little old-timey border around the panels, which fit the tone of the story nicely. Re-drawing gave me the chance to make the characters visually consistent, add the occasional little detail, and just make the whole thing cleaner. Here's a few before-and-afters for ya... Aaaand that'll about do it for now. You can read the whole story in The Aviary , of course. Thanks, everybody! ----- Inside The Aviary, Part 2 - The Call Of The Quiet Bird-Man... "The good thing about writing books is that you can dream while you're awake." -Haruki Murakami "...stories are found things, like fossils in the ground... Stories are relics, part of an undiscovered, pre-existing world." -Stephen King One of the most common questions I've gotten since starting this project is "So, do you have any idea what your new book is gonna be about?" (or some variation on that theme). The answer is "Yes, I have many, many ideas." The answer is also "I have no idea at all." And both are true... To elaborate on those answers, I'd like to talk a little about The Aviary 's main "character" (if you can really call him that), The Quiet Bird-Man. How he came into being, and how he became the strange glue loosely holding together the various stories flapping around inside The Aviary . Some nine months or so after finishing The Social Circle of Professor Winterbottom (see Part 1 if that doesn't ring a bell), I again resorted to a kind of binge cartooning to produce some new comics. I set aside a weekend to make a new story, again grabbed some random images from my "archive" for inspiration, and set about improvising a new comic. At the end of two long days, I had pencilled the 40 pages which now appear as the first story in The Aviary , called (simply enough) The Quiet Bird-Man . The random images I was working from included things like ocean liners, architecture and mermaids, but it was an old advertisement that sparked the first page of the story: Why did that doll became an odd bird-headed man in fancy-dress? I don't exactly know. A simple answer would be that I just felt like drawing it that way. And as simple as that sounds, it hints at why I'm leaving this project so wide open as I dive into making a new book. Making comics isn't just a matter of writing a story and then illustrating it in a series of images. Well, it can be, but those aren't the sort of comics I'm interested in making here. I'm interested in cartooning , where images have room to inform and inspire the narrative, and vice versa. So a simple impulse to draw a bird's head on a doll led to a bird-man in old-fashioned formalwear, which led to the accompanying text calling him a "sterling example of dignified repression", which would inform the course of that whole story. And the way I happened to draw his big round eye gave me the idea for the doll's "blinking-eye mechanism ( "sure to delight" ), which would become the Quiet Bird-man's sole method of communication with the other characters. In that first story, the Bird-man was a doll that would lead its owner on a strange journey... After completing that comic I went on to create a few seemingly unrelated stories. But I continued drawing that Bird-man, and I found myself wanting to draw him into another comic. This time (in Funnyman ) he would appear to one character in dreams, walking like a man, leading that character on an uncomfortable journey into his subconscious... Still later, I found that the Bird-man seemed to work his way into many of the comics I was making, connecting them in a way I hadn't initially imagined. So I sort of followed where he led and began to see a larger shape to the stories that would eventually become The Aviary . Here he is again, appearing to a prisoner of war at a traumatic moment... And here he is again, making a surprise appearance in another improvised comic ( Barry Pago, Crime Scene Photographer , pencilled in one 20-hour session) - a surprise even to me at the time, the idea to have him appear occurring more than halfway into this story's creation - this time as a ghost, urging one character towards a dark fate... The more I thought about the Bird-man (and thought about potential ways of drawing him), the more I was able to explore the world of The Aviary and find things I would not have if I had just sat down and wrote out a story to illustrate. So that's what I'm hoping to do over the course of this project - take the time to explore a new little world in words and pictures, and find a story to tell that I couldn't find any other way. And thanks to you , I'll be able to - I hope you're excited to be along for the ride! ----- Then came the brainstorming period, in which I looked for inspiration and tried to figure out just what kind of story I wanted to tell... ----- Reading List, Inspiration &amp; Early Sketches... Okay, on to the fun stuff. This beginning stage in making a new book is one of getting inspired and brainstorming. One of the main ways I get myself fired up to create is by reading, reading, and re-reading. So today I'll share my current reading (and re-reading) list, and give you a peek at some of the things rattling around inside my head... David Boring , by Daniel Clowes - One of my all-time favorite comics, by one of my very favorite cartoonists. A near-perfect graphic novel. So deceptively simple on the surface - gorgeous, polished art and a great main character make this book so compulsively readable. But under the surface, there's some absolutely masterful cartooning and construction. I find new details every time I read this. Dear Julia , by Brian Biggs - A criminally overlooked gem of a graphic novel from the late 90s. When I read this in college it resonated with me so much. Something about the whimsical yet dark tone of the story and the graceful art inspired me tremendously, and continues to do so. "Jon", by George Saunders, from his short story collection In Persuasion Nation . A story told from the point of view of a boy raised by a corporation to be a product tester and consumer tastemaker. Dark, dark satire that is somehow funny, sad and moving all at once. I don't know how Saunders strikes that tone, but it gets me every time, especially in this story. Once in a while, when I draw a story that has something like a weird reality show or mysterious corporation in it, I feel I'm treading on Saunders territory (in a much lesser way, of course). The World Doesn't End , prose poems by Charles Simic. I'm not much of a poetry reader, but there's something really special about this little book (hey, the Pulitzer people thought so too). These poems are like tiny short story fragments or puzzles with pieces missing, or pieces that don't even exist (which is how I sometimes describe The Aviary ). Here's a short one: We were so poor I had to take the place of the bait in the mousetrap. All alone in the cellar, I could hear them pacing upstairs, tossing and turning in their beds. "These are dark and evil days," the mouse told me as he nibbled my ear. Years passed. My mother wore a cat-fur collar which she stroked until its sparks lit up the cellar. Currently reading: George Sprott , by Seth. Like the aforementioned Clowes book, Seth's elegant, deceptively simple drawings make this feel like a light, fun read. Meanwhile, the narrative and form of the story go off in all sorts of interesting directions and tangents. Makes me feel like so much is possible in comics (because it is!)... So, how does all this reading apply directly to the book I'm starting? Hopefully the next example will demonstrate that a bit: Danse Macabre , by Stephen King. Read this one about a year ago and one passage about certain archetypes of horror fiction stuck with me, so I went back and re-read it. King talks about three classic horror novels - and the monsters in them - as the foundations of the modern horror story. The three archetypes are the Vampire (as in Dracula ), the Werewolf (as in Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde ) and the Thing Without a Name (as in Frankenstein ). He also mentions a sort of hidden fourth archetype, the Ghost (as in The Turn of the Screw ). Now, I'm not setting out to make a horror book, necessarily, but I do like the horror genre. I never set out to tell a story in a specific genre when I sit down to write, but more often than not my comics wind up being an awkward, uncomfortable hybrid of horror and comedy (well, sort of). So when I read that passage about archetypes, it immediately seemed like a great way to organize a graphic novel - in three "acts", if you like, or three chapters / stories, each one centering around one of these archetypal themes or monsters. And in between those three sections, a framing or connective ghost story. Do I have these specific stories in mind yet? No, I don't. But this seems like as good a place as any to start. Will I adhere to this exact structure? Probably not. But again, a good place to start. Chances are one of those sections will take on a life of its own and balloon in length to fill up the whole book. Or maybe it won't - that's part of the fun in making a new book (for me, anyway); seeing where the story takes me. I'll leave you with one element I know will be in the book, a character "based" on a very generous backer of this project. I don't know exactly the role this character will play in the book yet, but I've started doing some sketches to figure out how I'll draw this gentleman, known for now only as the mysterious Blackwell ... ----- Ideas, Images, and an Early Character Sketch... A couple of ideas and images that have been cropping up in my mind lately that may work their way into this book: -A man carrying his severed head under his arms. Walks into a bar, sits down, orders two drinks (one for his head, one for... him?). Just an odd image at this point, may fit into the "vampire" (or, perhaps more accurately, "undead") section. -A disappearing woman. A frequently recurring theme in the books of one of my favorite writers, Haruki Murakami. The search for a missing woman could provide a thread to follow through the book, especially if I wind up adhering to the initial idea of three separate sections, each based on a different horror archetype. Plus I just like that phrase, "a disappearing woman". Hmm, maybe I can even take that literally - a woman who physically disappears (turns invisible? evaporates ?)... And here's a sketch of a character I'm working on. No name for this fellow yet, but I've got a few ideas about how he might fit into the odd story that's a-brewing... ----- That'll just about do it for this update. I'll be posting these every few days until we're caught up to the present stage of work, the final chapter of THE BLACK WELL. Lots more to come, so stay tuned... Thanks, Andreas! Jamie, the print I got last week is awesome! Keep up the great work. this is exciting! I love The Aviary and am looking forward to new work! (and an awesome poster of The Quiet Bird-Man and a Squid with glasses high fiving...everything I've always wanted in a poster) Indeed! Your artwork looks just great. I can't wait to have The Aviary in my hands! My only regret is that I can't pledge more... Good luck, Jamie. Hi Jamie and good luck with Black Well. I missed your fisrt time, but now you're back, so thanks for the opportunity!