Stretch goals: Subway: Achieved We have raised $3,500, and the underground subway system will be added to the cities. Just like the cities, these will also be procedurally generated. This will offer players the option to escape the overrun streets and take their chances in the dark underground. China Town: Achieved We have raised $4,500, and will be adding a second map type. This will offer players the chance to experience a newly styled city. The buildings will have an Asian style architecture, and streets will be more cramped. Map Editor: Achieved We have raised $5,500, and will be adding a map editor to the game. This will allow players to create their own custom cities to survive in. Additional Game Information: Zombies: Most zombies will be slow, but will travel in large herds and migrate throughout the city. There will always be a few special zombies that have the ability to run, to keep you on your toes. The only way to kill a zombie will be to hit/shoot it in the head. One bite(not hit) from a zombie will infect you. You will have to find medicine or you will die. Character Customization: Players will have the ability to create a character and edit gender, cloths, and basic features. If you don't want to create a character, you will have the ability to take over a civilian at the beginning of the match. Game modes: We are working on two main game modes as of right now. The first is "true survival", this is the hardcore mode. Players cannot respawn after dieing, and it will feature hunger and thirst bars, along with other features. The core game mode will allow players to take over any living civilian after dieing. All settings will be editable, so players can create a game mode tailored to them. Everyone that chooses the $25 tier or above, will also receive a free download of the soundtrack when the game launches. The Infection simulation is a multi-player first-person survival simulator. You and sixty-three other players are spawned in a randomly generated city, filled with hundreds of civilians and a single zombie. The infection will spread rapidly and the city will slowly turn to hell. To survive you must scavenge, build, and defend yourself against zombies... and other players. You will have to move through zombie infested buildings to get supplies like food and building materials, so you and your group can survive just a little longer. All players have a hunger bar, so you have to find or hunt all the food you can get. If you want to build, then your going to have to scavenge the materials to do it first. Defend yourself by building your own safe house, traps, and vehicles! Build your own safe house wall by wall. Just make sure nothing can get inside! After you build that nice new safe house, your going to need to defend it. Build lethal traps from trapdoors to flame throwing walls to keep zombies and other players out. There will be over 6 vehicles available to build, from motorcycles to helicopters! Defend yourself while moving throughout the city with heavy armor and lethal custom weapons! One bite from a zombie or one bullet from a player can end everything for you... unless you have heavy armor! Mix and match different weapon parts to create some awesome guns to survive with. We are Falling Island Studios, a small independent game development team. We are a group of guys that love making and playing games. Our goal is to make video games that you can just have fun playing, and be able to stay up all night playing with your best buds. Currently we are developing the game over the internet, because a few of us currently live in different states. We have developed a few small mods for games life Half-Life 2, Unreal Tournament 2004, and games from the Elder Scrolls series. We chose Kickstarter because until now, we have been fully self funded. And as a newly formed team, we don't have some of the tools and resources that are needed to make this game the best it can be. Software: Because we are a newly formed team, we don't have all of the tools and license that are required for a team. Also we need to pay for music license so we can include some sweet music in the game. Hosting: We want to be able to constantly show updates, news, and other items to the community. To do this we are going to need server space. Extra: Any extra money will be used to polish the game, whether it's sound effects, textures, or anything else that can make the game just that much better. The Game: If you pledge $15 or more, you will receive a digital download of the game with early bird access of one week when it is finished. Our expected release date is between September and October, but this is subject to change. The Beta: If you pledge $25 or more, you will receive access to the multi-player beta. We are expecting the beta to take place around June, but this is subject to change. The Poster: If you pledge $45 or more, you will receive an exclusive Kickstarter backer poster. The poster will be 17.30" x 11.25". We will contact you about shipping. These will be shipped out early February. The T-shirt: If you pledge $65, you will receive one of the t-shirt designs. If you pledge $100, you will receive the other design (or the same if you want). We will contact you about design, size, and shipping details. These will be shipped out early February. The Statue: If you pledge $250, you will get you very own statue outside city hall! We will work with you to create something truly epic. The statue will be modeled out and put into the game in April. Please support our Kickstarter! We need your help to keep our project going! Spread the word! We need all the help we can get. Thank you for taking the time to look at our Kickstarter and hopefully pledge. Hello everyone, Well the bi-weekly update is being posted here since our main site is down. Most of the features we have been testing have been been working great, so the site will only be down for a few more days. The last update was all about the alpha and all the details revolving around it. So, this update will outline our schedule before the alpha launch. February: Website: We will be launching the official website for the game. The main site will be the place to find all news and updates surrounding the game. It will also host the forums, member/player profiles, and group pages for the game. Our studio website will also be redesigned. The new site will have our dev blog, and be a place to connect with our developers. This will be happening the later half of February. Content: We will be releasing quite a few pictures of the game along with the official site late February. Our new and very awesome lead artist Momo has been working hard to create some astounding visuals for the game, so we will be showing these off in February. The pictures will be quite close to what everyone will be playing in the alpha. March: Demo: In early march, we will be releasing a small weapons demo for all Kickstarter backers. This demo will allow you to use some of the weapons included in the game, and let you experience the weapon system. This demo will also allow you to see how well the game performs on your system, giving us information to help improve performance in the alpha test. It's not a big demo, but it should give you a taste of what is to come. Videos: In late March, we will be releasing a few gameplay videos. More information on them will come soon. That's the overview for what's coming between now and the alpha test. The alpha test will launch early April. You can find more info on the alpha test on update #28. Also, I know that some of you still don't check our site, so here are two pictures we posted quite a while ago. Contact: We have noticed that a lot of people have been trying to contact us through comments. Unfortunately, we don't receive any kind of notification when you leave comments, so here is how you can better contact us. If you have a short question, or need an answer in a jiffy, then just tweet us @RedWinterGames. If you have a longer question or would like to have a better conversation with us, then either use the "Contact us" form on the main site, or email us at "<email>". Lastly, I wanted to write a bit of a personal note. I will be leaving the team due to some unfortunate circumstances. It would probably be better if I went off quietly, but I wanted to write this so I could thank everyone for their support. You backers have made that little idea I had in my head into reality. I truly want to thank everyone that has supported the project. Even though the Kickstarter was small, it really got the game rolling and helped me grow an entire team of developers, and lead the team into better situations. So all in all thank you. Also, don't worry about the studio. The team size will still be at eight wonderful devs, and I have recently been in and out due to personal reasons, and the team has always performed well even when I wasn't at the helm. Nick and Kris will now be taking over that helm. Nick will now be writing the updates, and Kris will be taking over the role of twitter master. I hope that in future I will have a chance to re-join the team, and play this amazing game with you all. Thanks, -Micah Hi everyone, Well now that the new kickstarter has ended, we are finally ready to reveal the details for the alpha. We are also sorry for being a bit quiet the past few weeks. We were able to attract a private investor and a new artist, which meant that we had to design an entirely new schedule. So, now on to the alpha. We will begin alpha testing in early April. Alpha testing will come before the public alpha, and will be exclusive to Kickstarter backers. The alpha test will be broken into these three stages: - Stage One: Base systems and functions. This stage will include city generation and the infection simulation within the city. Most weapons will be available. -Stage Two: Extended features. This stage will include weapon and item crafting, construction features, vehicles, and terrain generation for exploration outside the city. -Stage Three: Customization features. This stage will include limited character customization, map editor, and various options to customize. This stage will also add features based on feedback from previous stages. The alpha will start with stage one and when we feel it is solid, we will move onto the next stages. We are doing this so that we can test our base game, because we don't want to start piling on more features if the base game is no good. If we don't feel a stage is performing well, we will have the ability to hold off on the next stage(s), so that we can fix it. So when can you start to play? - All backers that pledged $25 or more will be able to start playing on stage one. -All backers that pledged $15 or more will be able to play on stage two. If stage one needs work, and we are forced to delay stage two, we will allow $15 backers to start at a later time on stage one. - On stage three, all backers of our new kickstarter will have the ability to purchase a copy of the game, and gain access to the alpha test. We are expecting the alpha test to last a total of two months. After this time, the game will officially enter its alpha stage, and will be available for the public to purchase. Well, that's all we have to share about it for now. We will continue to release details in our biweekly Infection Simulation Saturday updates. Lastly, we want to answer a question we know will be receiving. Why April for the alpha? We know that it's a bit far, but we want to deliver the game we have promising, and that game takes time to develop. With a new artist and investor, we now have the time and talent to really take the game to a new level. We also don't want to follow the recent trend of alphas, which only have "promised features" and terrible performance. Thanks, -The Red Winter Team Well it’s been around a year since we first started development, and with the new Kickstarter launching in a few days we thought it would be a good idea to post a dev update. Almost all of the team has gathered to talk about the past year, and pool some of our thoughts into this update. Now I apologize in advance for the format and organization of this post. I thought it would be better idea just to write down all our thoughts as we go, instead of having to edit out a ton of stuff and make it “proper”(insert British accent). So lets start this thing. We know that the past year hasn’t been the greatest for the community. Delays have definitely been plentiful, and we haven’t shown very much of the game. The biggest reasons for this has been the game’s growth, and us trying to run the studio like a triple-A studio. When we launched the Kickstarter, the game was quite small and had a few main concepts. We were originally planning to have the first testing early this year. However, when we started getting close to the those dates, we started noticing that a few of the game’s main concepts were falling apart or were just plain boring. Our artist had also deserted us shortly after, which also meant the game wasn’t too pretty. The game was simply boring, buggy, and ugly when we reached the testing date. As you probably know, this isn’t a good thing. We certainly had the option to release the game in pre-alpha and ride the “it sucks only because it’s in pre-alpha” bandwagon that we are starting to see all too often, but we decided it would be better to delay it until the summer. We decided to start the game in a new direction, and began developing many new and larger concepts. The team also expanded to 5-8 people. With the new direction and a larger team, we were doing great. The game was finally starting to take true shape, and most importantly, it was fun. The good times did not last long unfortunately. We were coming close to the summer testing dates, and the game was nowhere near the state we wanted it to be. As we had already delayed it once, Nick and I made the decision to rush the game to get it ready for launch. Not a good idea. We started programming, programming, and programming to get the game ready for the summer release. As some of you might remember, we did a small test with a few members of the community. The game was a buggy mess from the rushed coding, and we had to pull the plug on testing. At that point Nick and I had to sit down, and really look at the studio’s performance. We faced the facts, and had to stop trying to run the studio like a triple-A studio. We needed a more versatile team that could adapt to certain things when we needed them to. We needed engineers to be able to drift towards design and art, and have our designers to work more with the engineers and have a larger focus on art. We also knew that we couldn’t promise release dates or big reveals anymore, as development is going to be somewhat unpredictable. Most of our problems this year seemed to be caused by our inexperience. As our first commercial game, we had a lot to learn. We had a few moments where we thought we were too deep in the hole with the game, and felt the studio was going down. However, we have finally made it out of the hole we were in for a while, and development is going a whole lot better. We now have a bigger and better game than we originally set out to make, and a studio that isn’t going anywhere for a long time. We know that this doesn’t make us look the best, but we want to be honest about how development has been and how it is now. We most importantly want to make it clear that the worst is (hopefully) behind us, and development is now going very smoothly now. Now to talk about the new Kickstarter. We never expected to be launching another Kickstarter, but we feel that it’s the best choice for the game. Here are some of the reasons broken down: Funding- This is the biggest reason for the Kickstarter. while we have most necessities covered, we need funding to pay for artists, music, hardware, and software. A lot people seemed worried that if the Kickstarter failed, we would shut down. This is not the case at all. The funding is to speed up development, and have a better game. We will NOT shut down without this funding. Publicity- Kickstarter is a great way to get in front of tons of people, and a bigger community will definitely benefit the game. It will help “kickstart” the community(pun intended), and will help with getting the game on services like Steam. A second chance- The first Kickstarter was ill planned and conducted, so we would like this Kickstarter to be what the first one should have been. We would love to be able to get backers proper rewards, and set all the info straight on the game. We truly thank everyone that has stuck with us this past year. We read every e-mail we receive, and it really means a lot to us when we receive feedback and e-mails from the community. We hope that the Kickstarter goes great, and we are looking forward to this coming year. Thanks! -The Red Winter Team Hello everyone, I just posted a new update on our main website, you can check it out here: <url>’ll be seeing in the gameplay trailer on the 31st. This first image shows two models from the military aspect of the game. As the infection worsens, you will see the military start to take action inside the city. Tanks will try to take control of chaotic situations. The tents will host military personal or will be used medical tents for infected. These are two common weapons that can be found in the game. The first is a stand Colt 1911, and the second is a M16. The 1911 can be found just about anywhere, while the M16 is primarily found on dead military personal and military bases. Both weapons can be used with the oil can suppressor we showed off a few weeks ago. I know this image is a little old, however I don’t believe many people actually saw it on the old website. This was the early version of our map editor, since then it has advanced greatly. So, this image shows the terrain development, and the size at which maps can be created. We added a standard size shipping container on the map so you can see how expansive the map really is. Since we have a bit of extra time on the kickstarter, we will be adding a video of the map editor at work in the gameplay trailer. So now to the kickstarter rewards. These rewards will be given to all original backers if the new kickstarter is funded. Higher tier backers get everything below them. $15 – Extra copy of the game $25 – Digital soundtrack + TIS art &amp; strategy PDF $35 – Additional copy of game $45 – New Poster (28 x 22 in) $65 – New t-shirt choice $100 – Additional t-shirt $250 – Signed physical copy of game + Name business We hope these get everyone excited for the kickstarter. The poster and t-shirts designs will be shown next week. One of our close friends is opening a t-shirt business, and has volunteered to help us with the t-shirt designs and printing. So we are very excited to reveal those. Now I know what your thinking, where is the video? Well I’m going to be completely honest with you about the video. I recorded it last night, however it ended up being about 40 min. of me rambling about nothing and same “umm” a lot. Nick and Kris both told me to re-do the video, so I decided that I’m going to make three parts for the video. I’ll release the first part on Monday, which I’ll talk about what’s been happening with the game since the first kickstarter. These videos really mean a lot to the team, so I want to do them right. I’m sorry, and hope everyone understands. I hope that everyone likes this update, and I’ll have the video and a bit more info on Monday. Thanks! Hello everyone! Yesterday we celebrated finishing the kickstarter and greenlight pages, by watching the Perseid meteor shower with some good cigars. Unfortunately, we woke up today only to find that there’s a problem with the payment information on the kickstarter page. We are being told it could take up to 30th for everything to be approved. So right now we will be moving the kickstarter and greenlight to the 31st. However, if we are approved earlier, we will release it earlier. The sneak peek was suppose to be released today, but it will now be moved to the 15th. We are just as frustrated as you, but we hope everyone can hold on a bit longer. For the sneak peek, we will be showing a few models you will see in the trailer for the kickstarter. In addition, I will be making a quick video explaining a few things about the game, kickstarter, and future plans. We will also be releasing info on the kickstarter rewards that original backers may receive. Lastly, we want to ask for volunteers to become moderators for the site. The traffic to the site will be increasing as kickstarter and greenlight launch, so we would like to keep the site nice and spiffy. So please contact us if you are interested. Just remember, “With great power, comes great responsibility”. Get some fresh air and watch the Perseids. See everyone on the 15th! -Micah I haven't posted an update in a while, so I wanted to let everyone know that we are still alive and working hard. We are still on schedule for the big events on August 15, and also have some sneak peeks coming before it. For the past week, we have been working hard on getting the trailers and pictures done for the kickstarter and greenlight. Recently we announced we were going to be doing some dev diaries, and while we have some ideas of our own, we wanted to get a few of yours. So, if you have some ideas you would like us to talk about in the videos, just leave us a comment or shoot us a message. Thanks, -Micah Just wanted to let everyone know that the new website is up. You can find it at <url>"can o' beans"? Well farming might be the thing for you! Players will be able to find seeds and tools in the rural areas. The farming system will work very similarly to the systems in Harvest Moon and Minecraft. You will have to use a hoe to till a block of land, then plant the seeds and water them. Farming can be a great way to keep survivors alive. However, farms can easily fail if you don't keep good care of them. Farms also seems to attract bandits and other scavengers. Survivors in the city will have a chance to find "farming pods", which will allow them to grow food inside the city. We will talk about the "farming pods" and the different plant levels when in the RPG update. Hunting: Been eating potatoes for the last two months? Well hunting might be the thing for you! Most animals will not be affected by the infection, which means you can eat them. So far we have five different animals to hunt, with more on the way. We are putting a fair amount of time into the animal a.i. and the hunting system. This means that animal will move around the map and react to noise. A deer will bolt if it sees and, and a squirrel will scurry up a tree. Hunting will take patience and stealth. Zombies will also be a huge concern while hunting. They will be after animals and you. We will talk about the crafting materials in the RPG update. Energy: Sick of having to start a fire everyday? Well energy harvesting might be the thing for you! The power will go out soon after the infection starts. Players will be able to find generators, solar panels, and small wind turbines to generate power. This power can be used to power lights, electrify fences, or power any other devices you might find. At first you will be having to find wood and start fires. However, if you work hard enough you will be able to generate power and harvest the many benefits. We will talk more about the power system in the RPG update. The rural areas will be procedurally generated just like the main city. The area will also feature many different terrains. The area will be populated with farms, small towns, forests, ponds, and many other things. Players will have a chance to take advantage of the building system and create the perfect farm, safe house, bandit hideout, or any other place you want. Vehicles will also be major assets in the area. Just be careful though, large groups of zombies will migrate around the map. Sorry, but we don't have much to show in this update. Lately we haven't had much time to work on the visuals, as we are working out bugs and trying to get everything up and running so we can start testing soon. We have also started on the map editor. Originally we planned to start it in the beta, but we just couldn't resist working on it. The map editor should make its way into the alpha. Well that's all we have for this week's update. The next few updates may be a little short as we are trying to get ready for testing, greenlight, and the trailers. However, you might have noticed the RPG update mentioned above. There will be RPG elements in the game, and we want to have an update featuring them soon. We will give more info very soon. If you have any questions about the features we talked about in the update, please post them in the forums. See everyone next week! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone! Last week we asked everyone to submit their questions to us and now it is time for the answers. 1. How large will each city be? The main city will be around 1000m x 1000m. The smaller cities can range from 200m x 200m to 500m x 500m. These are not exact measurements and can be much bigger or smaller, since the cities/towns will be randomly generated. We will be including information on populations in the near future. 2. Can you win the game by killing all of the zombies? Yes and no. There will be an option to turn off zombie spawns. This will give a more realistic and "hardcore" experience. However, zombie spawns will be a part of the standard game mode. 3. Do all players spawn in proximity to one another? All players will spawn in the main city. From there, you will have to find you friends and make groups with other players before the city starts spiraling into chaos. 4. What will the alpha tests contain and when will they start? The alpha tests will be focusing on multiplayer. The main things we want to focus on is squashing bugs, balancing, and network performance. The first alpha tests will be starting late June. We will have more information on them in the coming weeks. Well those are the only questions we received (minus the multiple similar questions). We hope that this update answered some of the questions you had. We will do another Q&amp;A update closer to release. Later today we will be opening up an alpha test sign-up page for anyone interested in testing the game. Kickstarter members will have access to alpha tests, so they will not be required to sign-up. The sign up page will be inside the "game" section. We are truly excited about next weeks update. The update will talk about the new art style and the new features we have been working on for the game. Sneak peak: huge rural area outside city to explore. Farming. Electricity. That's all we are going to tell you right now. Please come back next Wednesday to check out the new features and some of the concept art we have done for them. See everyone next week! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone! It is finally Wednesday, and the start of the weekly updates. In this update we wanted to talk about the art style of the game, alpha testing, and spraypaints. So lets get started. Recently we have been working on the visuals for the game. However, we have been struggling to define the unique and pleasing art style we set off to design. Last week we had shown the "placeholder" assets as a result of the struggle with the visuals. Unfortunately, this weekend we had to make the very hard decision of scrapping the visuals and starting over with a new concept. Having to start over on something is always hard, but we feel it is necessary to create a better game. The original style we had been working on was for a modern city. However, it just made the city feel average, like any other zombie game. While this of course will cause a delay, it won't be a big delay at all thanks to the city generation system. We are currently working on completely fleshing out the new concept, and will start working on the new assets soon. The new city style and design will take the game to a new level, and will provide the game with a unique look and feel. Now onto Alpha testing. We are working towards having the game submitted to Steam's greenlight service at the end of June. While we are waiting for the communities vote on the game, we would love to have closed alpha tests. These tests would help fix some of the bugs and balance issues in the multiplayer before releasing the game. Next week we will have an alpha sign-up page for anyone interested. Kickstarter backers will automatically be entered into the tests. Well that's all we have for this week. While this weeks update lacked the pictures, we promise to have all concept art and pictures of the new assets starting on the 22nd. As for next weeks update, we wanted to do a Q&amp;A update to answer some of the questions that have been coming up. Please submit any questions you want to be in the update through the form on the homepage. Some info on the new city style will also be a part of next weeks update. Lastly, we received a suggestion for sprays so the groups can mark territory. We just added the feature, and are looking forward to seeing the groups grow. We are still be asked about where the website is, you can find it here: <url>"in the dark development", meaning we will not be posting anything of the game yet. However, starting in April we will begin to unveil the game. That means we will start showing screenshots and gameplay(maybe even some cool trailers). This will continue until the alpha is released in June/July. The year will then be rounded out with the beta in the winter. April: unveil. June/July: Alpha release. Winter: Beta release. While we originally had planned for small alpha/beta tests and then the official launch later this year, we feel the new plan will work better. The game will able to be pre-purchased in June/July, to receive instant access to the alpha. The alpha will then turn into the beta this winter. This will enable us to get the game into your hands much faster, and also allow us to develop the game with the community. The game will be put onto Steam's green light service in June so we can have the alpha on steam. We are happy with the new schedule, and excited to start playing the alpha with everyone! Lastly we wanted to give a quick update on the Kick starter rewards. We received the t-shirts and posters, but unfortunately the company did an absolutely terrible job with the designs. So we decided to just order new ones. We want everyone to look great when they are wearing them! They should be shipped to everyone next week. Since we have changed the release of the game, we will be giving everyone that received tiers with beta and alpha access extra free copies of the game, and extra free goodies. Well that is all we have to share right now, but we cannot wait to share more soon. We would appreciate everyone liking our Facebook page and following us on Twitter so we can give quick updates, and notify you when we do have updates. Thanks! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone, The website has finally arrived! We are sorry for the long wait. We have also changed our name to Red Winter Games. From now on we will be posting all updates on the website. We are looking forward to talking to some of you on the forums. To go onto the forums, you will have to register an account on the site. Thank you for being patient, and we are happy to have a place to connect with you. Thanks! -The Red Winter team <url>"everything you have, you must find in game" policy, or will you be based on a freemium model? A. The game will NOT be based on a freenium model. If you buy the game you get everything included in it. We will not be selling items or anything similar for the game. Q. What will you do to avoid what happens in many other games like this one, for example, day z or the war z, this unfortunate events include but are not limited to: 1.Hacking 2.Players just going around shooting everything 3.Players just shooting you on sight 4.Game breaking lag A. 1&amp;2. The game will have dedicated servers, which will give admins the power to keep most hackers and trolls out of severs. 3. There will be nothing stopping people from shooting on sight. Though, in the beginning of the game, if you start hitting/shooting people the police and other civilians will try to kill you. Later in the game if you start killing, you will be labeled as a "bandit" and other players and a.i. will be able to see this. We want to discourage it in a way but not stop it. 4. We are constantly optimizing the game as best as we can, and will keep out as much lag as possible. Q. How how rpg or action oriented is the infection simulation going to be, is it going to be full on rpg like project Zomboid, for example, will it be a mix like Fallout 3, or will it be almost completely action based like Deus ex or a regular FPS? A. The game is definitely a mix of action and rpg. You're able to smash zombie heads in and shoot other players in the face, but your also able to build, craft, and progress your character. We are constantly trying to balance between a first person action game and an rpg. We want players to have those great blood pumping action moments, but also have to think and plan with the rpg elements. Q. Will the game have single player or LAN? A. Yes! The game will have an offline mode where you can play alone or start a LAN party with your friends. Q. How varied and complex will the city generation be? A. The cities will be very varied(couldn't resist). The cities layouts are completely randomized, so every map will feel different. In addition, the game will also feature "china town" which will be a second type of city for you to try to survive in. Beneath the cities will be an underground metro which will also have a random layout. Q. Will this game be released on steam? A. We are hoping to have the game released on steam, but that is going to require us to go through steam greenlight ahve have the community vote on it. We will have the game on steam greenlight once the it reaches the alpha stage. We hope we answered you questions well. We didn't want to make the update too long, so we left out a few questions for a future update. If you felt we didn't quite go in-depth enough on a question. Just leave us a comment and we will try to be more thorough. So what have we been up to? The last two weeks Zack has been working on the civilian and zombie a.i. Civilians are better at forming groups and building together now. The zombies now respond to sounds and bright lights. Aaron has been doing a lot of tweaking on the standard city, and has started on the generation of china town. Micah and Bret have on started textures and have been tweaking the lighting and the day/night systems. Lastly, Matt has been been working on the networking and website. We know you aren't quite familiar with the team yet, so we will be doing more introductions when we get the website up. So when's the website coming? The website will be up at the end of this month. We will be posting more updates of the game and what we are doing on the site when it launches. We have sent out the surveys for the rewards, and we thank everyone who has responded to them. We also have been reading some of the responses and they gave us a good laugh. We can't wait to put the messages in the credits! We will be ordering t-shirts and posters next week, so if you haven't responded to the survey yet please do by Monday. We hope everyone had a great new year, because this year is the start of the apocalypse! We will be posting a second Q&amp;A update next Friday so we can answer all the questions we missed. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have been successfully funded! You guys are great, and helped us reach 376% of our funding goal! We are so thankful for all the support and ideas you have given us. We will now be able to fully develop the game, and polish it to a shimmering gleam thanks to the extra support. The next few months will be a lot of work for us, but we are ready and very excited to get you playing the game soon. Since we did not put a final stretch goal, anyone that has access to the beta will also gain access to the alpha. We want to get you into the game as soon as possible so we can develop the game with you. Whats next? Website: The first thing will be doing is getting the website up and going in January. We have been slowly re-designing the site, but we have been spending so much time on the game that we haven't been working much on the site. We will be posting all updates to the site after it is up and running. Updates: We will be posting updates on the website that describe what we are doing, and where we are in development. There will not be many pictures and videos until we get close to the alpha. We are doing this because the next few months leading up to the alpha will be the hardest so we want to focus all our time on development, so that we can get you into the alpha as soon as possible. We want to do a special Q&amp;A update in a week so that everyone can ask their questions and get a better sense of what the game will be like. So if you have a question just send us a message on kickstarter or e-mail us at <email>. We will then post an update will the questions and answers. Rewards: We will be contacting everyone about their rewards throughout the next few days. If you have any questions about the rewards just send us a message on kickstarter or e-mail us at <email>. Jobs: We do not currently have any open positions available at this time, but we appreciate everyone interested in the project. However, we are currently looking for a music composer to make some sweet tunes for the game. If you are interested you can e-mail us at <email>. Again, we want to thank everyone for supporting our project and we are looking foward to playing with you. We will be posting more updates throughout the week on anything we missed in this one since half of our team hasn't made it back from Christmas due to the weather. We hope that everyone had a great holiday, and we hope you enjoy the last few days of this year(because the apocalypse starts next year!). Thanks! -The Falling Island team We have reached our final stretch goal of $5,500! Thank you for your support, and for helping us with that final push to the last stretch goal. We will now be adding a map editor to the game that will allow players to create their very own cities to survive in. We can't wait to see the awesome and crazy scenarios and cities you guys put together. We will not be adding another stretch goal due to the amount of time left on the project and Christmas. We hope everyone has a fantastic and safe holiday. See you in the apocalypse! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have officially reached our second stretch goal of $4,500! So get ready to take those zombie survival skills to chinatown. Chinatown will offer players the chance to survive in new scenery, and get more up close and personal with the zombies. We want to thank everyone for their support, and for giving us the opportunity to get this game in your hands. We still have time left to make one final push for the last stretch goal, so keep spreading word about the project. Lastly, we hope that everyone has a fantastic and safe holiday! Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have officially met our first stretch goal of $3,500! Thank you so much for your support, and for helping make this game so much better. Next stop... apocalypse! The underground subway will now be added to the game. We are very excited about this, and we hope you are too. The subway will give players the option to escape the overrun streets, and climb into the dark tunnels to their chances at survival down there. We have been getting a lot of requests for additional pictures of the game, so we will be adding a few more pictures showing some gameplay on Monday. Again, we want to thank everyone for helping us achieve our goal, and we can't wait to take on the apocalypse with you. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello Everyone, First off, we want to thank everyone that has supported our project so far! We have blown the goal away thanks to your support. In this update we want to first cover the stretch goals we hope to achieve, and secondly explain a bit more of the features the game will have. Stretch goals Subway: If we raise $3,500, we will add an underground subway system to the cities. Just like the cities, these would also be procedurally generated. This would offer players the option to escape the overrun streets and take their chances in the dark underground. China Town: If we raise $4,500, we will add a second map type. This would offer players the chance to experience a newly styled city. The building would have an Asian style architecture, and streets would be more cramped. Map Editor: If we are able to raise $5,500, we will add a map editor to the game. This would allow players to create their own custom cities to survive in. Game Information Zombies: Most zombies will be slow, but will travel in large herds and migrate throughout the city. There will always be a few special zombies that have the ability to run, to keep you on your toes. The only way to kill a zombie will be to hit/shoot it in the head. One bite(not hit) from a zombie will infect you. You will have to find medicine or you will die. Character Customization: Players will have the ability to create a character and edit gender, cloths, and basic features. If you don't want to create a character, you will have the ability to take over a civilian at the beginning of the match. Game modes: We are working on two main game modes as of right now. The first is "true survival", this is the hardcore mode. Players cannot respawn after dieing, and it will feature hunger and thirst bars, along with other features. The core game mode will allow players to take over any living civilian after dieing. All settings will be editable, so players can create a game mode tailored to them . We are excited to share more details about the game, and we are looking forward to showing more of the game in the future. We are extremely thankful for our backers support, and with your help we know the stretch goals can be achieved. Remember to tell friends and family about the project! Thanks! -The Falling Island team The infection simulation has officially met its kickstarter goal! The zombie apocalypse can now become a reality. We are very excited to continue developing this game, and we can't wait to have you guys experience it! We want to truly thank everyone for your support of the project! Your support is making this game a reality. The only way we can truly show how thankful we are, is to give you a free gift. So everyone that pledges $25 or more will receive a free digital download of the soundtrack for the game when it launches. Just to make sure you don't miss it we'll print it in bold. Anyone that chooses the $25 tier or higher, will receive a free download of the soundtrack for the game when it launches. Just because we met our goal, doesn't mean we're done. We will be posting new updates very soon, showcasing some more pictures of the game and our stretch goals for the kickstarter. Again, thank you for your support, and be prepared for the apocalypse. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello Everyone, The project has officially reached the 25% mark in only four days! Thank you so much for your support! Every tier will be receiving a free desktop wallpaper, because of how awesome you guys are! While we have raised 25% of our goal, we still have a ways to go in order to reach our target. Keeping spreading the word! Thanks for your help, and lets get this zombie apocalypse kickstarted! Thanks! The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We just wanted to give you a quick update. The dispute with our studio name has been a long and annoying process, but it is finally coming to an end. The final details will be worked out next week. So we are happy to announce that the website will be launching on the 22nd no matter what happens. We will post an update next week if our studio name changes. We are sorry for the ridiculous delay, and we are looking forward to talking to some of you on the forums. -The Falling Island team @Ashton The website has already been developed. Although, can't launch the website, because a larger company is having an issue with our studio name. This is almost all worked out, but launching a website while we are figuring this out wouldn't be the best idea. We are sorry for the delays and we will try to get the site up as soon as possible. - Micah Hello everyone, We just wanted to give you a quick update. We are sorry to say the website is being delayed until next week due to some small legal disputes over domain and company names. Almost everything has been worked out, but we don't want to launch the site until everything has been completely settled. We received the t-shirts and posters this week, and will be sending them out soon. We have gotten a few requests for the team to sign them, so if you would like us to sign your t-shirt or poster just send us a message. We are sorry for the delays, and we will have the next update on the site next week. Thanks, -The Falling Island team Hey Robin, the website will be up on January 30. The site will have forums so people can post and discuss ideas, and we will be able to read and discuss them with you. We decided to delay the second Q&A update until the 30th, so we can have our first update on the new site. Hello everyone! We will be releasing the Q&A update on Thursday. So if you have any questions you want us to answer, you still have some time to shoot us a message. The update will also talk about the rewards and what we've been up to. We are looking forward to Thursday! Thanks! -The Falling Island team @ Robin There will generators in the game that you can connect to lights, doors, electric traps, etc. Your going to want to find one in the first few days, because the city lights will turn off. While you do gain access to new things with generators, you will have to watch out for other players trying to steal them. @Gereth We have no idea where all this money came from, but we are very thankful for it. We will be discussing how everything will be handled in an update today. Thank you for the support and ideas guys. You made this Kickstarter a great experience, and we can't wait to play the game with you. @Jarno The infection will not work like the walking dead. The only way you become a zombie is to be bitten by one. We will have a setting that allows you to "win" by killing all zombies, or you can play an endless mode. If you try to kill civilians at the start, you will run into trouble. Police officers, military and other civilians will try to kill you if you start slaughtering people. @Robin Players that choose to kill others will be labeled as "bandits". Players and civilians will see this. All civilian groups will become hostile towards bandits. @Robin Civilians will naturally group up and try to survive together, or try to join your group. At launch, civilians will most likely just move around the city until they find a place that is "safe" and will start to build there. Civilian groups will be either be friendly or hostile, so you will not always be able to just walk into there groups. For the government, we will have the police and s.w.a.t. teams as the first defense, and later the military will come in. The military will create structures and try to control the outbreak. They will set up things like medical tents, checkpoints, towers, barriers, fences, etc. They will also try to fight the outbreak, but they will fail(or it wouldn't be much fun). We love the ideas and we have had similar ideas also, but we don't have enough development time to cover them all at launch. We hope this answered your questions. -The Falling Island team @Robin If you are injured, you will heal slowly overtime if you are well fed and hydrated. Bandages and meds will quicken the healing process. If you are badly injured(broken limbs) you will not heal until bandages are used. If you are bleeding, you will have to use bandages or you will bleed out. If you are infected you will have to inject yourself with a vaccine or you will die. There will be no scars, but characters will have different animations for broken bones. Overall, we don't want players to instantly heal from items, they will have to recover slowly. @Thomas We would love for it to be released on steam, but for the game to be released on steam we would have to go through steam greenlight, and have the community vote for it. So we have no guarantee it will be released on steam. @Gereth Yes zombies will generally be reliant on vision. However, zombies will also be attracted to loud noises(gunshots, vehicles, sirens, explosions). We like the idea of zombies having the ability to hear you also, but they won't be too sensitive to footsteps or similar things. Sneaking past behind them is something you can do. Hello everyone, We have posted our first gameplay screenshot, and a picture of a new weapon on the main page. Unfortunately, we are in the process of redeveloping our zombies(animations, path finding, detection, etc.) so we can't show screenshots of them quite yet. We are working hard, and will try to get more screenshots out before the funding period ends. We are thankful for your support, and can't wait to reach that next stretch goal! If you have any questions or ideas, just leave us a comment. Thanks! -The Falling Island team @Robin We will defiantly be adding a map to the game. Our idea was to have maps split up into different sections, and if you want a full map you will have to explore to find other pieces or work with other players to form a complete map. You will be able to draw on the map so you can mark whatever you want. Radio towers and radios for communication is a very interesting idea. That is something we will defiantly discuss. Thank you for the ideas, and we would love to hear your feedback on the map. @Thomas The police are something we had in mind since concept. In the beginning of the game police officers will be patrolling the streets. Their gunshots will tell you how close the infection is when it starts, and When they die you can pick up their pistol. You will also be able to break into police cars and hopefully find a shotgun. After the infection has spread to a certain percent, S.W.A.T. teams will make their way into the city. This will give the player a save haven for a bit, but you don't want to stay near them too long. We will also be adding a military, and they will start to set up tents, barriers, and towers. @Gareth Zombies will try to eat/hit you until your dead, and then your dead body will keep them occupied for 1-2 minutes. If your only bitten and you escape, you will have ten minutes to receive medicine. After ten minutes without treatment you will start to die, and will have one minute to do as you please until you die. The last minute will give you the chance to save teammates by distracting zombies, trying to kill another player, or just getting yourself farther away from others. @Robin NPCs(if they survive) will start to form very basic safehouses, and will try to fight zombies. You can add them to your group, and have them follow you. We know it would be very cool for the NPCs to be able to survive, scavenge, build, and steal. However, we are very limited on time and won't have super smart NPCs at launch. We will continue to add to them in future patches. Lastly, we know we had pictures planned for Monday, but they will have to be delayed until Wednesday. We are very sorry about this. We are still in the process of getting people moved and setting up our new workspace. We hope we answered your questions, and we are excited to show you the pictures on Wednesday. Thanks! -The Falling Island team @Robin That is a very cool idea, an we will defiantly talk about it, and see what we can do with it. With some refining, it could possibly make its way into a future patch. Thanks for contributing, and we would love to hear other ideas you might have. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, Thank you for all the support and ideas you have been contributing recently, we really appreciate it. We agree that the level of attention is low, and up to now our level of PR has been low. We have starting posting on forums, contacting youtube channels, and contacting Unity Technologies. Hopefully this will gain us more attention. Sorry for not responding quickly. Both of our programmers are in the process of moving right now, so things have been a little crazy. @J.L. We do have some great stretchy goals planned. They will be announced in the update on monday. Thanks for all your support guys! We can't wait to get the zombie apocalypse started! @Gareth Baker Thanks for the support Gareth! We would love to see the goal smashed, and have some pizza(and Mt. Dew of course). @Sam First of all We want to thank you for supporting our project. You would be right in saying $2,000 isn't all that much for game development. We set the goal based only on what we absolutely need to get this game going and finished. We will not be paid personally, which means we will have to keep our side jobs. Even though we have to keep side jobs, we can guarantee that this project will come before any other jobs. Indeed, the game is a huge project, and we knew this when we started and we feel entirely confident we can get it done. We have already begun development on the game, and have already spent a few months on it already. A lot of work has been put into the game so far, including the procedurally generation city and 3d assets(as you can see from the pictures). So for a general schedule, we are expecting the alpha stage early 2013(February - March), then on to the Beta stage summer 2013(June - August), and lastly the final release late 2013(September - November). The development time is slightly short, because for the final release we just want to have the basic gameplay elements perfected. We don't want to spend so much time on polish and other small elements, that will force the game down one "path". Ultimately we want to realease the game in a way that is "open-ended" so that we can continue building the game based off what the community wants and feels the game needs(hope that makes sense). As far as platforms, we would love to see the game on steam. The only problem with this, is that it has to go through steam greenlight, which makes it unpredictable whether or not it will make it. We would also love to release the game on other platformsincluding Desura and GamersGate. We hope We've answered most of your questions and concerns. Again thank you for supporting our project, and we can't wait to have you play the game! Thanks! -The Falling Island team @Alexander Tostowaryk: Probably never. :) Sooooooo, when am I getting my refund?!?!?! <url>#.U8jP3PldXTo Spread the word. Can we actually sue for this? Hello? Hello? Hello? Is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone at home? Come on now I hear you're feeling down. Well I can ease your pain Get you on your feet again. Relax. I'll need some information first. Just the basic facts. Can you show me where it hurts? sorry .....but this is funny... <url>… I feel bad for those who contributed $250 Thank god. Maby this will remove projects like this. <url>#.U2LtBfldUXl <url>· Last login Mar 10 2014 · yea hope this is good news Falling Island Studios Chicago, IL · Last login Feb 7 2014 · <url>’ll record my point of view with my commentary. -Alpha release. So that is currently the schedule. I’ll be posting more specific dates when we are 100% sure we can fulfill that date. That’s pretty much all I have to post this week. The updates are suppose to be bi-weekly, but I might just break that and post another update next Saturday, outlining those new website features. Lastly, most of us are big fans of Squad and there game Kerbal Space Program, and they do weekly updates with everyone on the team having to give a sentence on what they are working on. So, I thought I’d borrow(steal) that idea and use it with our team. Now i’m posting this rather late so I didn’t get the time to talk with everyone, so we’ll try it next Infection Simulation Saturday. Hope everyone has a great week, and I hope to see you here next week for the next update. Posted by: Nick // Uncategorized, Weekly Update // February 8, 2014 Annnnnd we’re back. It’s been a while, but we finally have the site back up. We have been working on and testing most of the future features we will be adding to the website once the alpha is up and running. Everything is looking great, and everyone is looking forward to seeing the community use these tools. Not much for my first update as “head of updates”, but I promise i’ll make it up with this week’s Infection Simulation Saturday. On Saturday i’ll be giving a full run down on what we have and will be working on. I’ll also be posting a whole lot more information on everything we’ve planned from now until the alpha release in April. Posted by: Nick // Uncategorized, update // February 4, 2014 Still waiting for my $70 T-Shirt..... the website is back up and... we are getting a update on Saturday :_) What a bunch of Scum bags these people are.. Scum bag trash.. They have taken our money and we will never get what we payed for. Thank god they wasn't able to steal more money from people. What I have learned from this is to be verry carefull before I invest money in a project. If something gives you a bad wibe, stay away. Read comments, look at their project history and its comments. The big red flagg in this project was the low funding goal. Someone pointed that out, but It did not stop us from backing. Its irritating, but a lesson learnt :( Why a new Kickstart??????????WT$%$%$% I thought this game was already Kickstarted and Funded???? What is the latest???? When is this game coming out?????? <url>’ll be posting a new update for the kickstarter that includes some pictures of inside the buildings. We will also be doing an art contest next week, so get your creativity flowing now. We really appreciate everyone that backs the project, because you are truly helping us build this fantastic game. If you can’t back us and still want to help, please spread the word of the Kickstarter. If anyone has any questions, please feel free to use the contact form on the site, or you can contact us on Kickstarter. <url>’ll be launching it tomorrow. Thank you for being patient with us. Unfortunately these delays have been out of our control, so it’s been increasingly frustration for us too. We have also decided to include a picture, so as to show that we are confident it will launch tomorrow. Nick, Kris, and I will all be focusing mainly on the kickstarter for the next few days, so if you have any questions that the kickstarter doesn’t answer, then the next few days will be the best time to ask them. See everyone tomorrow!KS vd1 pc23 Posted by: Micah // kickstarter, Uncategorized, update // November 7, 2013 Infection Simulation Saturday 11/2 Hello everyone! We hope that everyone had an awesome and safe Halloween. Thank you to everyone that sent pictures of their costumes, they were quite awesome. Well we were aiming to get the Kickstarter done for Halloween, but unfortunately we had a nasty virus sweep through the studio this week. We had almost everyone in the studio gone for a day or two at some point, so it was pretty hard to get it done on time. However, we finished it today and it has been submitted! Since it’s the weekend, the kickstarter most likely won’t actually launch until Monday or Tuesday. We’ll be posting the trailer and images on the original kickstarter page for backers, and everyone else will be able to find the content on the new kickstarter or this site. We’ll be posting a link to the kickstarter on this site and on twitter, so start checking on Monday. We don’t really know what happened this week with zombies, but we received over twenty emails asking if we were putting zombie children into our game. The answer to that question is yes. We have already added zombie children into the game. We really want to add a true sense of realism when it comes to the spreading infection, and children live in these cities and can therefore be infected. It also adds a test of morality when you’re faced with the decision of killing them or not. However, you can also try and save these children, just like you can with older civilians. It’s crazy how different people react so differently to them. We know some of you wrote about your disapproval of them, but we have made the decision to add them and that decision will stand no matter what. If anyone knows of the source to the sudden increase in zombie children questions, please feel free to leave a comment. Please check back on the site on Monday and Tuesday for all the new content we’ll be posting. Either Nick or I will be posting a short update on the kickstarter tomorrow for the original backers, and we hope everyone has a great weekend. Posted by: Micah // kickstarter, Uncategorized, Weekly Update // November 2, 2013 Infection Simulation Saturday 10/26 Hello Everyone! Well I got back a bit earlier than expected, so Nick had me write the update. The trip went better than expected, and I was able to finally solve the problems that kept us from showing some content and launching the Kickstarter. So now that everything is finally back on track, we will be launching the Kickstarter next week and will also have the first trailer for the game posted on the original kickstarter page. Everything will most likely be launched between wednesday and Saturday. This due to us having to record a new Kickstarter video and recording some new footage for the trailer. Recording some new footage will be cool, as we’ll be able to show off some new shaders and effects that have been put into the game since we recorded the original trailer. Now I just wanted to answer some questions that we get e-mailed almost every other day. What game engine are we using? -We are still using Unity 3d to develop the game. Do you use GameDraw to help develop your game? -Yes we do. Unity lacks any bsp support, so GameDraw and Probuilder give us some really cool bsp-style tools. What 3d modeling program do you use to develop your game? -We currently use 3ds Max to create the models and animations, and we also use Zbrush to add any details or work on anything organic. Now I hope this answers those questions. If anyone has any questions for us, we will certainly answer them(Just can’t promise it will be immediately). Well the next weekly update should be talking about the trailer and how well the Kickstarter is going. If it isn’t launched by the 31st(we are shooting for this day), then we wish everyone a happy halloween! Since all of us are are mostly programming on the 31st, feel free to send us some pictures of your costume for our entertainment. There might just be some prizes ;) sorry wrong update.. Weekly update 9/27/13 Hello everyone, It feels good to be getting back to weekly updates. However, we are actually going to be changing it from Fridays to Infection Simulation Saturdays. Well, the first thing I wanted to get to with this update is the basic schedule for the next few weeks. October 12 – Sneak peek images of the game. October 16 – Kickstarter will launch with gameplay trailer and pictures. Website will launch for the game. October 20 – Community art contest will begin. November 1 – The game will be launched on steam greenlight. These are just the larger items. We will still have weekly updates, live Q&A’s, and contests throughout the next few weeks also. So what have we been up to this week? Well since we have a little while since the kickstarter, we decided to re-do the kickstarter video. The original one was a little boring(like the video for the first KS) so we decided to make it a little more interesting. As for the game, Nick has mainly been working on the networking, and little bit on the map editor. He actually came in Monday with multiplayer on the map editor, which was extremely awesome. Kris has been fixing bugs and cleaning up code for some of the base systems for the past two weeks. I have mostly been working on concepts and models for the more futuristic parts in the downtown areas of the cities. I have also been working a little with Kris on the bug fixing. Next week’s update will be a bit bigger than this one. I’ll be talking all about the big dates I listed earlier. I’ll also be showing a few of the thumbnails and maybe some models. I don’t know how much in-depth everyone wants me to be with what we are working on, so feedback is appreciated. If you want us to talk about something in one of the weekly updates, then just leave a comment or send us a message. See everyone next Saturday! copy and paste,,,from there web site Weekly update 10/14 Hello everyone! First off, we are all sorry for very late update. Kris, Nick, and I took a trip to Texas last week to visit some old friends, who have actually started their own game studio. Their project lead actually helped me build the original Infection Simulation prototype. It was a very cool experience to share some tips and see how another studio is handling some things. We are back now, ready to get this kickstarter launched and let everyone see what’s been happening this past year. Originally we had planned to have some concept art and pictures of some of the in-game buildings. However, I couldn’t get the in-game pictures due to some problems with our Unity access. I’ll try and post them tomorrow if Unity support gives us access tomorrow. Concept art: cafe crn concept store3 road barrier cn These are a few pieces of concept for the newer assets. You will actually get to see all three in the trailer. Since we are all mostly programmers or computer engineers, we don’t have much quality drawn concept art. We do most of our concepts in sketchup, because even some of the guys that can only draw stick figures, can make some pretty great models in sketchup. We probably have over two-hundred concept models, so nick was thinking of throwing together a video or slideshow of the models sometime during the Kickstarter. We would love feedback on if or how everyone wants to see them. This week will most likely have quite a few updates coming since the Kickstarter will be launching. On Tuesday/Wednesday I will be posting a development update that most of the team(6/8) wrote together. The update talks about the past year of development, and goes a bit behind the scenes with the game and team. Now we originally thought the KS was launching on Wednesday, but it seems we will only be submitting it then. So we are told it will launch Saturday/Sunday. We will keep everyone updated on the status of it on twitter. I’d love to write more for this update, but everything is going to be covered in the updates this week or by the KS. copy and paste,,,from there web site Infection Simulation Saturday 10/5/13 Hello Everyone! Welcome to the first of many Infection Simulation Saturdays. The big thing I had to write about today was the concept art. However, after Nick and Kris took a look at my first draft, they told me to release the art with next week’s update. So next week instead of just showing pictures of the game, I will also be posting comparison pictures. I will also be posting the new logo for the studio, as we don’t exactly have one now (we just miss the falling island studios logo). Next week will definitely be something to look forward to. What have we been working on this past week? Well we finished most of the bug fixing, so we decided to finally get started on the development of the new melee system. We have put a ton of work and depth into the guns in the game. Things like bullet physics and the ability to load individual bullets into magazines. However, our melee system has consisted of just spamming the left mouse to kill things. It got boring fast and was terrible in pvp. So we have been looking at some melee games that we love to play here at the studio. Mount&Blade, Chivalry, and War of the Roses are some of the games we looked at the most. We know that it’s a bit weird that we are looking at game in the medieval era, while our game is a semi-futuristic infection simulation, and doesn’t include many swords or Brian Blessed. However, these games all have great melee combat that we feel could be used to inspire melee combat in our game. We have been working on a 3-way swing and block system. This system will allow you to have more control on where you attack zombies, and will allow you to have actual duels with other players. Nick has been working hard on getting each item to feel different and have different health, so that someone with a 2×4 is going to be swinging slower than a baseball bat but will have more health. I’ll most likely be posting some of the concept art of the melee animations with the others next week. Well that’s all I have for this week. Next week we’ll have the pictures posted and the week after that is the Kickstarter, so the next few weeks should be pretty awesome(and hectic). All of us here hope that everyone has a great weekend, and we’ll see you next week. copy and paste,,,from there web site Weekly update 9/27/13 Hello everyone, It feels good to be getting back to weekly updates. However, we are actually going to be changing it from Fridays to Infection Simulation Saturdays. Well, the first thing I wanted to get to with this update is the basic schedule for the next few weeks. October 12 – Sneak peek images of the game. October 16 – Kickstarter will launch with gameplay trailer and pictures. Website will launch for the game. October 20 – Community art contest will begin. November 1 – The game will be launched on steam greenlight. These are just the larger items. We will still have weekly updates, live Q&A’s, and contests throughout the next few weeks also. So what have we been up to this week? Well since we have a little while since the kickstarter, we decided to re-do the kickstarter video. The original one was a little boring(like the video for the first KS) so we decided to make it a little more interesting. As for the game, Nick has mainly been working on the networking, and little bit on the map editor. He actually came in Monday with multiplayer on the map editor, which was extremely awesome. Kris has been fixing bugs and cleaning up code for some of the base systems for the past two weeks. I have mostly been working on concepts and models for the more futuristic parts in the downtown areas of the cities. I have also been working a little with Kris on the bug fixing. Next week’s update will be a bit bigger than this one. I’ll be talking all about the big dates I listed earlier. I’ll also be showing a few of the thumbnails and maybe some models. I don’t know how much in-depth everyone wants me to be with what we are working on, so feedback is appreciated. If you want us to talk about something in one of the weekly updates, then just leave a comment or send us a message. See everyone next Saturday! How is everything coming along? Just wondering since no update has been posted anytime lately? When do you expect the game finished? Will you guys be posting design team or development videos? when are we getting the t-shirts? Hey guys, I am a member of the survival group, "The Society" we have made a post on the RWG forums for recruiting so if you are interested in joining please, let us know because so far, it is me and 2 other people so the sooner you join, the more likely you are to receive a seat of power so please, join the first survival group of TIS ever, The Society now! Hello! Hope development is coming by well! I'm excited for this game! Now, in your post, it says people will receive extra copies of the alpha + beta since it was delayed. Does this mean I will receive two copies of the alpha onwards (I paid $25)? Good news. (c: Yes, forums! Where we can continue to spread the infection, er, word. Looking forward to it. Ah, yes! Glad to see you guys got everything worked out. Any news on the website? Any ETA? :3 Hopefully you will have something nice to post for us by the time the website goes up then, right? (c8 The website still coming up this week? It's almost over and the websites still being made? :( Patience is a virtue, but it is not easy when you look forward to something. I suppose that is what makes it a virtue, eh? (c; So, uhm, maybe I should play some patience... .c8 Damn. Ah well... I know, most do I guess, that you're a small team and it's a slow ever evolving project, patience is important from the side of the supporters. I guess that most of us are happy to see some development and something to bite into eventually. Sweet. Looking forward to the forum also. ^^ Looking forward to the forum, for starters. (c: Hi, guys. Hope everything is going well. Quick question: when might we expect to see that website of yours to be up? Would be nice to see the game being presented and perhaps a forum to spam with countless thoughts about how über this game might be. Are the tshirts coming first or should we expect everything to come out at once? Thanks can't wait to play this Falling Island Studios: Just wondering, do you guys have a goal set for when you are going to release the alpha? Thanks! @ Falling Island Studios any updates? Forum? Would be nice to hear something from you guys! From personal experience, I believe that the most important thing to get right, at least initially, is melee combat. A lot of other games don't get it right, especially in 3rd person, but an example of a game which makes it fun, viable and useful, even if it does arguably get a lot of other things wrong is Dead Island. Most of the combat in the game is melee, and whilst a lot of the RPG elements in the game would be undesirable in this context, and the damage system would definitely need better balancing, the melee was still fun and useful. I'd like to think that during the apocalypse, it would be relatively easy for me to wield a melee weapon and achieve some sort of head hit without getting hit myself. Another important feature in a system such as this is the visual feedback, as you can see the head taking damage which means even if you don't get a clean kill, you can still see that you are having some effect. A big cheer for a successful found raising! Sweet. I really hoped for something like that about generators and it will be fun to see an update about how they work and so on. Good luck with your project. I can't wait to play this game! Great project. Cant wait to see what its like in testing! yay it's done ^^ Spend the money on making a solid game and as polished as possible. (c: If you find spare time, maybe more outfit customisation so we can spot our friends (and foes?) by the way they dress... (c; Really looking forward to beta test this thing, never been there in time for the end to start before, heh! Wow where did all this money come from lol. I wonder if it will get to $8k by the end? Just another quick question for Falling Island- how can we see how development is going? Will there be something on your website about it? @Robin Wemmenlöv I actually think that would be really sweet, if for example engineers could hack panels or power up areas so that his/her group could gain access to better shelter/equipment. Nice to see that influx of money for your game just before the end. As usual I arrive with another question that would be fun to get an answer on. Will you add features such as the ability to power up machinery, doors and various things in the game? Will one have the ability to hock up a generator wherever you wish and connect cables to it to connect to whatever? Will you feature batteries in the game? It would be sweet to actually be able to hook up a small battery to, lets say, a electronic code lock so you can hack it. Has anyone played Atom Zombie Smasher (<url>"win" if you wipe the map of all zombies (!) or is it "until death tears you apart" kind of thing? (c; I, as a fellow developer, find it incredible that you could make such an massive game for such a small amount of money. Won't expect the next Crysis exactly, but I'm sending you 25 bucks in the hopes that you can make something :) Less than $150 more for China Town! Lets get it! you die.... Your next character has full health!! LOL I see that you guys will be doing a lot of works in the near future, all those stretch goals not to mention the work on the AI, performance, graphics etc. :P. I wonder if there's a possibility to heal others in this game? Also is it possible to be seeing something as scars, broken arms/legs/whatever, random diseases in this game? What is the overall vision of healing and recovering in this game? Always prefer a steam release and well frankly if FTL can get green light this should be a cinch. Good news about zombie intelligence. Was hoping you'd say they'd b attracted to loud noises The Steam community loves Zombie and Horror games, so you should give it a try ;) Question: Will this be released on Steam? Just wondering. Thanks! Promising. :P Looking good guys! Cant wait to see it with all the correct textures and lighting on there! Just another quick question. Will the zombies generally be reliant on vision? (eg u can sneak past behind them) Or have u something else in mind? Well I was wrong about an over night update. Let's hope we see one today. $250 more to get the second city type too Gareth: Damn! I so wish to see some material from their game, it would be nice to see some work to have something to relate to. A well... have to wait until tomorrow. @Timme i'm assuming it will be when us europeans are in bed. (evening time in america) hmm... where are the pictures ;) Pictures and videos are always good to get new backers :) Less than $400 until China Town! :D Guys, you worry too much. Get your shotgun ready and wait for the zombie apocalypse ;-) and I have to admit leigh wicks, I have kind of the same worries ;) have to say even though ive backed this project im worried that your not asking for alot of money so i have some fears about the generally quality of the game. Update day! Can't wait to see what they have for us :-) I guess that zooming isn't such a good idea or even necessary to be useful, I thought that since large maps are hard to read and some zooming should perhaps be a good thing. Also I guess that taging/painting a building or whatever could be done by hardcoded text applied to the surface aimed on. Perhaps one could enter some kind of edit-mode where you enter your text and only a certain amount because there's only a certain amount of paint etc. Other then that I do not how to do it better, I guess that someone got a better idea on this issue. Other than that I do like their idea how maps works in the game. @robin im liking the idea of the "minecraft" map. Which im assuming is that it will draw the map as you explore the city. so the bits of the city you havent touched remain blank. A bit like populous for older boys n girls. That way you'd have to explore but you'd have a reminder of where the good stuff was As for signs, here's a thought (no idea how plausible, as I am no coder); spray cans, being able to spray either pre-set letters from a font or (possibly too tricky?) "free spray" meaning you could do symbols that other groups (for those playing big games against other survivors) that held meaning only to your own group... The latter would allow you to leave fake symbols too confuse anyone else... Maps -- I would like the idea of it being static (i.e., no zoom) and actual item(s) (i.e., keep maps safe, don't lose or let fall into any "enemy" hands). "Handmade" with notes scribbled either on the back or in the margin. Or is it a bad idea? Q: This game is intended as a random generated city, right? How big are the cities and how would the maps work in such cities if they're extremely large? How much area covers each map? Can you zoom in on the maps? Do players have the ability to put up Tiny/small/medium/large/huge signs? Can they tag buildings and/or the environment with paint etc? Sorry, for the barrage of questions but I thought that perhaps I could spit out a random number of questions so to limit my posts. I agree Gareth, I think that not having a map would promote exploration. It would make the game all the more exciting because you never know what you would stumble upon on a scavenging mission or hospital raid. That's true but I wonder if maps should work as in minecraft, you create them yourself so to say. @robin. I thought that the game might need a map. But then I thought that itd be better not to know. I think it would make players go out and explore more. You'd always wonder if the hospital or police station was round the corner Sorry, for another post so close on the one before but I have another question: how will you deal with the issue of navigation in the game? Will you do it as in DayZ or as In the War Z? Will players have the ability to write down information on the map just as in Dayz? How will you deal with communication? Will you use radios and the ability to switch to different channels/frequencies too make it difficult to tap into your channels? Will you give us the possibility to set up or power up radio towers? Will you give us the possibility to broadcast over multiple channels and/or repeat a message for all those that might be listening? Sorry for the flood of questions but these are just something I came to think of when I suddenly thought of DayZ. Epic! These answers is raising the anticipation for this game! At last a zombie survival that doesn't just leave you confused and wondering what kind of party you've just been to because you don't remember a shit of what happened. I was thinking that the complexity of the AI will have to be developed in stages to gain a proper level of complexity. I guessed that you would be forced to develop the AI in stages because it's quite a difficult task to program an AI that's complex enough to follow certain goals and needs. Also to add a functioning pathing that doesn't have them wandering into a wall and getting stuck all the time. Seeing that this project will become a labour of love for you we, the pledgers/supporters, must show some understanding that this will take some time. You don't exactly run a full developing team with twenty or so programmers, concept artists, sound crew etc. etc. Also will you add physics to the game? Will you add destructible environment? Perhaps too complex but I thought that it would be nice to see where your ambitions lies for the game overall. Perfect answers falling island team! This game is gonna be freakin awesome. Looks like i'll be keeping an eye on the police at the start. Im gonna be gettin me a service revolver! :-D Sounds... delightful, Falling Island! Also the adding to post-release, always neat. (c: Thomas: Yeah, I'm quite bad at making clear suggestions because more then not I seem to miss half my point along the way and because of that those that posts about my suggestion doesn't like my ideas. But I agree with you that what we really do not wish to see is a map full of L4D special zombies or zombies that's just as specialized in their given, ehum, expertise. It might seem that I'm contradicting myself here but I myself wouldn't like to see is exactly the same types of special zombies as in L4D because they're ridiculously out of proportion in their abilities. The smoker being ridiculous because it can extend it tongue billions of miles but if it could extent the same tongue at most two meters then it would be more believable. I do recognize that the smoker's ridiculous length of the tongue is because to provide a heighten danger towards the survivors. To any extent it all comes down to balance and how it merges with what the developers had in mind for the game. Gareth: Yes, if this suggestion of mine sits well with them they might actually add a variation of it in the final product. It is quite a terrifying experience to be trapped in a city completely overtaken by hordes of zombies and that should be the main experience of the game. It would be lovely, heh, to see NPCs catching on that something is happening and starting to organize a survival attempt. The military shouldn't be called in straight off the bat when the outbreak occurs but later when the situation is exploding and the police and government is alarming. When everything is going to hell so to say. My question is then how can the player interact with all these parties? In what ways and to what extent should players be interacting with the NPCs? Can you form groups with the NPCs? Can you ask for help and then leave? Not been around for the last couple of days n looks like I missed plenty. Robin - some interesting ideas my friend but I agree with falling island studios. We have to see how the game plays. It might need the special zombies but we just dont know. Personally a thousand hungry zombies roaming the map and a few humans looking to protect themselves and their possessions is more than enough to keep you on your toes. It might be that by beta testing they realise the game needs a little kick so special zombies might be needed. I just think the unique selling point of this game is that its all about the infection spreading. Thomas- liking the idea of the police or military showing up. A zombie with a riot helmet on would be pretty hard to kill. Obviously friendly fire could be a problem as the last few soldiers panic and shoot anything that moves. @ falling island. whats ur thought on how quickly humans will be infected? Is it as soon as they are bitten? Or does it take 5 - 10 mins. personally I would like to see zombies devour people if they cant get away. If the human cant get away then 10 zombies are on the body in a freezing frenzy. The infected are those that got bit and got away. Just wouldnt wanna see a zombie bite n then just let go Falling Island: Have you thought how you are going to handle the military/police? It would seem unlikely that the government would just give up on a city infected with zombies. Maybe you could have the military come in when the population is around half infected, kill a few zombies, and then get infected themselves. This would allow the players to pick up weapons and supplies dropped by the military. This would draw groups to the same locations: makeshift army bases, or abandoned police stations. That could be a great way of encouraging interaction between the groups. This could disrupt players plans, putting them in the open and keeping them on their toes. Robin: I think I might have misunderstood your original idea. What I thought you were suggesting was when a human player gets bitten, they would turn into one of these special zombies. I understand now that you mean NPCs getting bitten and turning into a special zombie. I agree with you: we should have a small number of varied zombies with different abilities. I do not think it should end up being a L4D2 type game, where there are many special infected with game-changing abilities. I hope I don't sound like I'm comparing these two games, but I feel like I should put that out there. I do like your idea of bandits/looters! That would definitely make it feel all the more realistic. Thomas: Well these features shouldn't be all that fancy just something that livens up the entire experience. This wouldn't counteract the group experience in this game but emphasize it even more since they would have yet another goal to stay together and keep hostilities down towards each others. This should be at a minimal at best, perhaps 1/1000 zombies are unique, in order to keep this mentioned arcade feel at bay. If we look at a zombie simulator I would imagine a large sprawling city with thousands and thousands of civilians and at some point an outbreak occurs. Peoples are trying to protect themselves and their loved ones, barrage their doors and, if able, scavenge for food. Eventually to make a try for it to leave the city. Most zombies are of the same type: slow, can withstand loads of damage and some that are fast to keep the experience somewhat valid. Then we got the elements that's unknown: such as bandits, surviving labs or the probability that there's something much worse then these 'ordinary' zombies. More unique and perhaps even more dangerous then the usual ones that doesn't suspend belief of the event. An arcade feel would be if the zombies would jump 100 ft, smash down a building whilst throwing a car at you not a zombie that just might be able to run a little faster or, if unlucky, slower then other zombies. This system comes down to changes in the average zombie and sometimes, if that's the outcome of the role, even take a step further away from the average zombie. Like my suggestion about being able to see heat - it would be hardly noticeable because you wouldn't know about the ability until you would actually examine this particular zombie; also this means that one are able to do such examinations. Overall this really would lend to the survivability of the game and keep us wanting for more. It all comes down to how such a system is implemented and merged with the overall game and the intentions of the developers. I disagree with you Robin. It seemes as though the whole point of this game is a huge emphasis on survival and working as a group, against the zombies and other groups. Adding the feature you suggested might make it seem more arcade-like, instead of a real zombie simulation. I do understand that this could increase replayability, but I think it counteracts the atmosphere that Falling Island is trying to create. Anyways, can't wait until Monday to see the videos/screenshots! Shockingly enough I've been thinking of suggestion an idea or so. I've been thinking about how most zombie games usually loses the fun after a couple of hours of playing, it gets too repetitive and frankly very predictable. You sooner or later learns everything about the game in the first five hours or so and then there's hardly anything else to be bothered with to explore or do. Even though that zombie games like L4D are still being played and new maps are being created all the times they still are quite boring because of how little content there really are in the game. Because of this my suggestion(s) would surely be something to be added in future patches, perhaps even used as stretch goals if it/they're that good. I'm going to suggest that you should add a system that will mutate a victim into a zombie with random abilities. When a person is bitten there's this chance of being infected and if the victim is infected the game should simply decide what kind of zombie this person will mutate into. Of course I do hope for the more classic types of zombies, the fast and the slow ones, that are believable and not for a game filled with boss types of zombies instead. But still there should be zombies that stands out from the crowd, heh, and will give you the creeps. Now when the games decide what kind of zombie the person will become it simply rolls a dice and picks the result. But lets say that there is this unique result that will open up a second table for the game to randomly choice abilities/traits from. So the game hits the unique-zombie table and makes a random number of rolls on that table and choices a the random number of abilities/traits it landed on; then the zombie is 'born'. Of course most abilities/traits should be believable but they should absolutely be used to create that extra danger of running into such a foe. One ability might be the trait to see heat, like a snake, from within a short distance or perhaps the trait to climb walls and ceilings. The list could be made quite extensively and ridiculous in it's length but still this would add some replayability of the game. I'm working on other random suggestions but this will do for now because I shouldn't write walls of text. Hope we can get to some kung-fu fighting in chinatown now. Woohoo! Subways! This was a triumph... Thanks to all the new backers that have helped to get to the subway goal! @Robin I totally agree! I think the best way to get more people aware of this project is to tease people with some short videos or screenshots. That might be the best way to get our China Town! Q; will you show us some footages and, perhaps, a video showing some more of your work? Perhaps show us a tasty sneak peak on the game or whatever - just to raise the bar of our anticipation for your next update :P. I can smell the subway! ... O_o Nearly got our tickets for the subway ;-) It would also be awesome to be able to use a generator to get that micro started so you can get that pirog warm enough. The pirog is totally worth the risk when the micro starts off like a jet engine - tasty tasty. Yes, one can go under in the subway, ha! (c; Oh, also, I hope the ladies get sensible outfits, like Zoey in L4D, not silly, skimpy outfits ill suited for the Zombie Apocalypse! Just a thought here, it'd be neat if you could either scavenge store for clothing and craft make-shift armour or something. Nothing essential but thought I'd mention it. (c: @J.L I agree the subway is a must have! The second town would be nice too. I think I could live without the map editor though. Subways above all else! Figuratively speaking, of course. (c: Lol zombie cows Thought we might be nearer to 3.5k by now. I want the subway lol I wanna see a map taking place in India! Forget China town. You want cramped, multiple zombies? Slumdog Zombie Rush! Zombified Sacred Cows! Woo! Getting attention for the KS is, it seems, a really tricky thing. But I hope more come to see this and that this will give us all a new approach to zombie games. Never been there before when it has gone down, only ever seen it from post-outbreak! (c; @robin I agree about the low level of attention this is gettin. Was gonna mention it on some day z & other zombie game forums. Will try and get that going in the next few days. Some big youtube channels like their zombies so might drop them a message. Could do with a trailer for this J.L: True that. As usual one can wait for an answer until they got some time over; do do have to attend to their jobs after all. One Thing I'm concern about is that there seems to be quite a low level of PR done either by them or us, even by both parties to be honest. Perhaps I'm overly concern about this project not getting a higher level of attention - it looks damn sweet therefore my concern :P. @Gareth Yes, the subway went under the radar, heh. (c; @Robin I believe (based on what I have read and asked about in messages) that they are after the software cost and the music licensing, they will not get paid (having jobs or studying). But hopefully they can shed more light on this question. (c: Well we nearly guessed the stretch goals guys. The subway evaded us. Good idea though Nearly $3k and hoping for an update later. Lets hope for another 100 backers for a great total Concern: Despite my lack of insight in how game projects costs and their various problems I do find it hard to believe that a budget of $ 2000 would suffice to bring this vision to fruition. It's quite a project you got there and it would be awesome to play this game but still what's your main features in this game and how are you going to succeed to produce those? I can only wish you well with this undertaking and do wish to see a playable product in a year or so. Perhaps a map/scenario creator tool? @sam good shout on the non infected AI. I never thought of that. They should be able to defend their own buoldings & possession's. Will the AI join you to help u out? Etc @J.L i'm with you on the zombies. Single zombies have never been scary. It's when there are dozens after you. Really looking forward to this game! I'd love to see options for these things, "head-shot only", "slow/fast zombies" toggles and that, but if not, then, well, head-shot and slow zombie, because the latter is not used but dangerous when it's big herds and of course sheer force of a huge crowd breaking through most anything... (c: And always head damage, all other damage should just impair the zombies... I'm hoping that seeing as it is a simulator, there'll be loads of pre-set scenarios with different speeds of zombie and types of zombies, as well as loads of other settings including location and the like. The other thing I really like the idea of is weather, as that could affect viability, chance of caching diseases or colds, which could be dangerous if you sneeze around and form of the undead, and a variety of other things :) I wonder how complex the AI for the NPC's is going to be, are they going to be able to set up their own defences and form little groups of their own?? Has anyone thought to what type of zombie they want. I'm really hoping for the classic slow moving zombie as this game is all about the mass numbers of the horde. If they base the zombie world on the book "How to survive a zombie attack" by Max Brooks they can't go wrong. Love Day Z but sprinting zombies!? How about a hardcore mode where zombies can only be killed with head damage? Rather than the usual video game notion where if u just kill em if u hit them enough Customised clothing is a good shout! Was thinking more architectural difference. Assuming the initial city would be an american style city, the additional city could be more European or Asian in appearance City style could be interesting! More urban or more suburb, for instance, or simply architecture style. Clothes too, of course. And same style for the lads and the gals, no magically morphing outfits please. (c; Can always scavenge clothing stores, eh? Weapons too, of course, question is how much is in already. Vehicles, possibly, perhaps variations on the theme, i.e., style of vehicle but still same function? (c: Weapons and Vehicles would definitely be nice, so long as they fit in the city. Maybe a nice new set of clothes for those on Kickstarter, I would love to fight off the zombie hordes in a tail coat and top hat ;) I was thinking more weapons & vehicles? Another city style on release? An xbox arcade version? Wow its hard to think. I'm sure they will think of something cool Smell-o-play? Smell the Zombies! (c8 ...or maybe not... .c: Hope it benefits everyone, those are the best goals. As for what, er, no, dare not. How about you, Gareth? Oooh stretch goals! Any guesses guys? Sounds zombietastic. (c: Oh, wuddya lookit at, well past $2000 now! So, got any stretchy goals? (c: Congratulations on meeting your goal! This game is going to be so cool! :D Congrats on gettin this game funded guys! I look forward to killing all of you trying to get in my safe house! What? Life revolves around sci-fi, zombies and what not, right? .c: @J.L Perhaps not everyone is a sci-fi geek like me and u ;0) Almost there, almost there...! Surely you all know where that's from. (c; $2000 nearly there!! This game looks awesome, can't wait to see more. Really looking forward to this!! Thank you for all that, everything seems a lot clearer now. I'm certain you guys will succeed, and I look forward to following the development of the game at every stage. Thank you for making the game I've always wanted :D @Falling Island Studios. Let's hope the 2k goal gets smashed so u guys can make the game you want and maybe still have a bit left over for a pizza Also, in terms of exposure, have you considered contacting Sandswept/The Indie Stone for some publicity or something, they seem to have communities who would probably be willing to donate to this too. @Gareth My sentiments exactly, I saw the Kickstarter description and was instantly prepared to donate because it perfectly described the game I have always wanted to play/make if no one else did, and again I will continue to support the project however long it takes. @Sam it's a very ambitious project. Like you, i think it's gonna be a tough task to be done for September. Wouldnt mind if it's a bit late though. Since I saw the Day Z mod for Arma 2 i've been waiting for a truely urban zombie/survival game. With the "infection simulation" twist this is ticking every box Also, there is no tier for alpha access which seems like a shame because it's always fun to play the very first few iterations of a game, and also, do you have any comments on a release platform such as Steam or Desura?? That would probably get a few extra backers. I look forward to your reply. $2000 doesn't seem like much to make full game complete with procedurally generated worlds, 64-player servers and simulation of an entire city. Especially seeing as you've set fulfilment dates to mid next year. Before anyone says anything, I have already backed the game, and I also know that you've said that the $2000 is for equipment and start-up costs, but does this mean you're not getting paid personally?? This seems like a massive undertaking if this is the case, and I'm not sure whether to admire your sheer balls, or to start worrying about my investment. Would you be able to comment more on a general (not expecting exact dates, maybe months or quarters) schedule for the project, whether you've started the project yet and if so what you've already been working on, and anything else about the development. Even if not, I'm really looking forward to the way this project turns out and will continue to support it. This gonna be awesome! Watching the world end from my fortified penthouse Here's hoping to see the end of the world! ...and live to tell about it... (c; this is gunna be sick