Hello Kickstarters! Join our quest for the perfect cup of coffee! Uncrate: "Get all the flavor of a french press with none of the grit by brewing your coffee with an Espro Press." Gizmodo: "A new press pot design...could solve all our gritty, muddy, dirty, French press problems." Wired: "Espro Press, a French Press That Works." Gear Patrol: "Im-press-ive." The Espro Press is a precision coffee brewer, similar to a french press, but with a patent-pending two-stage micro-filter that preserves all of the freshly brewed flavors and aromas, while keeping sediment out of your cup. Last year we launched the single cup press shown below, and received an overwhelming response by the coffee community, who keep asking us for a larger version! And by being the first to own a large Espro Press, you save money too! The retail price is $99, so you save 14% when you buy a large press. And you save 33% when you buy a case. Our project is to scale up this single cup press, to one that makes about 30 oz of coffee, so you can enjoy more than one cup, or share with your friends. The design is ready, and the prototypes are complete. Our next step is to start production! THE ESPRO MICRO-FILTER KEEPS IT CLEAN French press coffee can be incredible! The only problem is the grit and grinds that get in your cup. The Espro Micro-Filter is the solution - this is the pre-production unit. We will make these filters here in North America at a fantastic shop - we are very proud of them. There are two nested filters that work together to block the grinds, and let through great coffee. THE ESPRO PRESS MAKES ABOUT 4 CUPS OF COFFEE Labels on french presses describe the volume of the container (filled to the brim), not the amount of coffee they make. The large Espro Press holds 1.25 liters, and is about 25% bigger than other “8 cup” french presses on the market. It makes about 30 oz of press coffee, without the grit! This is about four 8 oz cups (or eight 4 oz cups). THE VACUUM INSULATED CONTAINER KEEPS IT HOT The stainless steel vacuum insulated container maintains water temperature during the brew, for more precise flavors. Changing the brew temperature can bring out new and different flavors. After brewing, your coffee stays hot longer, so your second and third cups are hot too. HOW IT WORKS The process is the same as a typical French Press, but the Espro micro-filter does a great job of separating the grinds from the coffee! Preheat the container, add coffee and water, stir, wait 3 to 4 minutes, press, and serve. You can use more coffee and time if you want stronger coffee. This is a great video by Will Smith at tested.com, showing the single serving version. Our kickstarter version is about 4 times bigger. WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY ABOUT THE SINGLE SERVING VERSION “Mercy, this is as fine a presentation of coffee as I know. The nuances and flavors are so clear compared to a conventional press pot. It remains a heavy bodied cup like a press pot but the mouthfeel is cleaner, the body a bit more buttery on the the Espro Press. Less silt, more butter. Oils without the grit.” “The Espro delivers the cleaner cup than your conventional press pots. Absolutely no comparison. Night and day.” “Cleanup. Piece of cake.” “I am in love with it, all shiny and stainless. It reminds me of those lovely shiny presses you encounter every now and again in restaurants, except this one produces a spectacularly clean cup and with the right coffee is downright mouth-watering.” “The Espro Press avoids all this with an excellent vacuum insulation that does a great job at maintaining temp. I find my coffee much more consistently mellow and balanced with the Espro Press. The design preserves the oils and they are visible and flavorful.” TO LEARN MORE ABOUT ESPRO The Espro Inc. website will give you a good understanding about us and our existing products. <url>#!). Mark Prince! For the awesome photos of the single serving version. (www.coffeegeek.com) The Espro Team! For making this project happen and continuing to pursue the perfect cup of coffee. *(global patents pending) Hello to all our previous backers and widespread ESPRO community, We have some seriously exciting news for you! Yesterday we launched a brand new Kickstarter Campaign, the ESPRO Ultralight. Because YOU were our original supporters we wanted to give you the heads up to get ahead of the game and be some of the first to get your hands on the Ultralight at early bird prices. The ESPRO Ultralight has been designed to be the LIGHTEST coffee press and hydration bottle in the WORLD. The loop functioning lid lets you tie the press onto any backpack and with its slim body can fit into any standard cup holder of a car. The Ultralight comes in three sleek colors - Gunmetal Grey, Matte Black and Brushed Stainless, so whatever your preference be sure to head on over to our new Kickstarter and check out the early bird offers!! With the Christmas Season upon us and the new ESPRO Travel Press definitely coming to life, there's lots to be thankful for! We have made a lot of progress on the new Travel Press. There is just about 48 hours left on the KICKSTARTER campaign to preorder! Here's a first look at the new filter set which are nearly complete! <url>… Hello all! This may be our final post for this campaign. Never say never, but it could be time to move the party over to our new campaign for the Medium 18 oz Espro® Press… TWO (MICHELIN) STAR COFFEE Recently, we heard some exciting news involving the Large Espro® Press, which we would like to share. In most things, two stars are not that great. I've stayed in a few two star hotels – they were adequate, but nothing out of the ordinary. However, in the world of great restaurants, getting two Michelin stars is AWESOME! In 2012, Geranium Restaurant in Denmark adopted the Espro® Press for their coffee service. They were also named the 49th best restaurant in the world. In the 2013 Michelin guide they earned their coveted 2nd Michelin Star. So, your large press makes two (MICHELIN) star coffee! THE MEDIUM ESPRO® PRESS CAMPAIGN IS ALMOST OVER! Many of you have already supported our second Kickstarter campaign – thank you! It has been wonderful to see so many of you again. If you were still thinking about picking up a Medium Espro® Press, there are only 3 days left in our Kickstarter campaign, so please don’t delay! It is the perfect size for sharing with another person, and is great at delivering hot coffee for hours of increased productivity – it has certainly helped me! Here's the link to the new campaign. In the updates for this campaign we are sharing more of the process of launching a new product – from design, to trade shows, to manufacturing. Should be an interesting experience! <url>™ Press! It is EASILY the most asked-for product in our history - making 2 Cups (18 oz) of perfect ESPRO™ Press coffee. With your help, we launched the LARGE ESPRO™ Press here last year. Since then, it was raved about in Popular Science, Wired, Time Magazine, and the New York Times. Thanks to you, it has shipped across the globe, entered Michelin starred restaurants, and gone on many coffee shop menus. We truly appreciate the start we received from you, our Kickstarter supporters. We also received a lot of great feedback from you, and this new size is in response to your feedback! It has been under development for over a year, and required difficult advancements to achieve the design we wanted, in the size you and our other customers have asked for most. It will serve enough to share, and enough to serve on bar in a coffee shop or restaurant. We would love your support! Preorder, tell your friends, tweet, facebook, and pin the attached pic to your Pinterest page! We truly appreciate your help in getting the word out! This is the direct link: <url>– other than you receiving them! This marks the end of many months of hard work by everyone on the Espro Team, and I want to thank them all for their dedication. If you haven’t received an email with your tracking number, send us an email (<email>) and we will get it to you. FEEDBACK FROM KICKSTARTER BACKERS The proof is in the cup, and it is great to hear your comments. Here are a few! Wow! It's a completely different tasting coffee. Rich bold full of flavor and. No grit. …this press makes me want to have coffee 24x7. It's that good. Got my kickstarter reward for the Espro Press today. The double filtration really delivers a nice cup! I used my new @esproblog espro press this morning to make amazing coffee. So good. Made my first batch of coffee today, and fell in love. Great product, and CDN to boot! Just got my new Espro coffee press via @kickstarter and it is fantastic - brilliant Canadian design. Wer übrigens mal richtig leckeren Kaffee trinken will, sollte sich dieses Ding hier kaufen - der Hammer! I'm enjoying a cuppa from our new espro press right now. WHOOT WHOOT! Got mine yesterday, perfect coffee maker! I got my Espro Press last week! All I can say is wow! The build quality is beyond anything I've seen in any coffeepress and it makes the best coffee I've ever had. This is the best coffee maker I have ever purchased and I'm serious when I say I don't want any other press. Well done Espro! Received my Espro press late last week, and I have to say I couldn't be happier with the product. Excellent design. Exceptional materials and construction. Really nice to see such a professional and innovative product designed in Vancouver! TESTING THE GOODS REVIEW IN POPULAR SCIENCE In April, we were honored to be in the print issue of Popular Science Magazine . Popular Science has completed a rigorous test of the large press, and has posted a “Testing the Goods” article. Their verdict: I like the press a lot! It's a great-looking press pot to have on your counter, or to impress guests, or to medicate several hungover guests from the night before. The thermal insulating works pretty well, and the construction is solid and impressive. The coffee it makes is very good--it definitely achieves its goal to bring a press-pot cup of coffee without the grit, although since it's noticeably lighter and cleaner I'm almost tempted to put it in its own category, as a non-French press. But either way, it makes delicious, non-gritty coffee. It is quite expensive, but given its construction, it seems like it'll last a lot longer than my oh-so-breakable Bodums (plural, sadly, intended), so if you look at it as a long-term machine, it's not really that much to spend. You can read the full article here . Now that Popular Science is Espro Press powered, expect more great content! SCAA 2012 Every year, experts and consumers gather at the Specialty Coffee Association of America Symposium and Exposition. This year it was held in Portland, Oregon. We met a lot of great people, saw some old friends, and drank a lot of coffee! It was a fantastic experience. Here are the before and after photos of our booth. From start to end, the booth was crammed with people. This is a shot of Chris serving up coffee to the folks from Stumptown – a must visit in Portland. People loved the design of the large press, and the coffee it made. We brought a few large presses to the show, and they were sold out by the half-way point. On the last day, people camped out in our booth to buy the presses we used to make coffee during the show, including the one I was using at home! We also had an excellent visit from Will and Norm at Tested.com . Will is a big coffee fan – we featured his review of the small press in our Kickstarter campaign. This is a shot of Bruce serving up some coffee from the large Espro press. This is Chris, Bruce and David Makin, who was 2nd in the World Barista Championships 2008. He uses our Espro Calibrated tamper, and has a café and roastery in Melbourne, Australia called Axil Coffee Roasters. This is a rare photo of most of Team Espro (especially rare that we are all stationary)! We had guest brewers as well. Lalo Perez-Varona (who competed in the SW Regional Brewers Cup with the Espro Press) made coffee in the booth for a few hours, and taught us some new techniques. He will be opening up a roastery and café in Mexico City. Jordan Barber (below), NW Regional Brewers Cup winner and USBC competitor, dropped by to check our BIG Press. Jordan has been using the single-serve press in competition this year. And below is Matt Lewin (Roaster at Axil Coffee in Melbourne, Australia) serving up some gorgeous latte art. The kind folks at Rancilio loaned us a sweet espresso machine for people to try out our tampers and pitchers. We framed and posted our goal on top of it: Our goal is to take care of the science of making coffee and espresso so that you can focus on the art. CONTINUE TO SEND US YOUR FEEDBACK! Thank you all so much. Please continue to send us your feedback on the press - it is truly appreciated. Best Regards, Chris, Bruce, and the entire Espro Team SHIPPING BEGAN MARCH 29/12, ENDING APRIL 20/12 Presses head out to Kickstarter backers almost every day! We have shipped out 162 already, and our plan is to ship the rest by April 20. We appreciate your patience, as we work hard to get these presses out to you. So here’s what this should mean for each of you… 1. You should expect your press to be sent by April 20th, maybe sooner! 2. Depending on where you live, it could take a week (within North America) or more (international) after that for you to receive your press. 3. If you have not received your press by May 1st (in North America) or May 15th (International) please contact us directly (<email>). We realize that each of you is anxious to receive your press. We can’t blame you – the coffee from it is really good (as some of you have already found out). Rest assured – while we cannot reasonably tell each of you precisely when you will receive your press, it will be very soon! SO – YOU HAVE RECEIVED YOUR PRESS IN THE MAIL. NOW WHAT? STEP 1. UNBOX The box contains an Espro Press and an instruction manual. Wash the press in warm soapy water before using. This is how the micro-filter assembles. Wet the o-ring to ease re-assembly. <url>~1000 ml of water. A 3/4 pot (bottom fill line) uses about 38 - 45 g coffee, and ~750 ml of water. <url>’t control grind size, so every brew will be different. Grinding just before brewing is best. STEP 4. HEAT WATER Coffee brewed with boiling water is bitter, and brewed with cool water is sour. Use some of the water to preheat the press, and let the kettle sit for a minute or two. Ideal brew temperature is 195 – 205 °F (91 – 96 °C). STEP 5. BREW Start a timer for 4 minutes, put the coffee into the press, and fill with water to the appropriate line. We like to give the grinds a slight stir (or swirl) half-way through, to mix the floating grinds. Insert the filter and lid (don’t press down yet!) to keep in the heat. <url>’RE DONE, IT’S TIME TO CLEAN UP Remove the filter (carefully, as it may be hot). Pour out the grinds, and wash the container with a soapy cloth. Clear out the sink – the press won’t break, but glasses in in the sink might! There are three options for cleaning the filter. 1. Separate the top and bottom filter, and clean with a soft bristle brush 2. Dishwasher, top rack only 3. Fill press with soapy water and press filter up and down, rinse Assemble the top and bottom filter when wet, to ease assembly of the o-ring. INSTRUCTION MANUAL For those that would like a sneak peak at the instruction manual, you can see it here . Let us know your thoughts (<email>)! Best Regards, Chris, Bruce, and the entire Espro Team POPULAR SCIENCE We are incredible excited to be featured in the April issue of Popular Science! We were interviewed a few months ago, and we have been waiting (very impatiently) for the magazine to come out. Pick one up and check out pages 12 and 13. There is a great photo of the press and filter. Both Bruce and I (Chris) are big science geeks, and have read Popular Science since we were kids, so this is a career highlight. You can also check it out on line here . WRAPPING UP PRODUCTION Our last update covered the lip seal and o-ring. This time we are updating you on the container and the top (secondary) filter. The Container Containers are complete and in our warehouse. We are extremely happy with them, and we think you will be too. Most common French Presses are made of single wall glass, which is easily broken, and loses temperature quickly. There are some double wall stainless steel presses, but they are typically not vacuum insulated. The Espro Press is double wall stainless steel with vacuum insulation. This has three benefits. First, the brew temperature stays very consistent during the brew process, which means you can extract a very precise flavour profile. As you vary the brew temperature, different flavours are emphasized, and you can tune the temperature for the optimal flavour. Second, the coffee pours hot, and stays hot. Please be careful when you pour, and let the coffee cool slightly before your first sip. The double filter also isolates the grounds from the coffee, so there is less extraction after filtering. This means you can leave the coffee in the press longer than with a common French Press. Third, this container will be around for a long time! They are incredibly durable. Each press weighs 2.6 lb (1.2 kg) total. This means no more glass to clean up and replace. Here are the presses stacked up and ready for packaging. And here they are ready to ship to our warehouse. The Top (Secondary) Filter Top filters were molded last Thursday, and the lip seal and o-ring assembled to them. Here is a picture of the first batch. The top filter is your second line of defence against grinds in your cup. It also holds the lip seal, o-ring, and the nut that the handle screws into. There is a lot going on in this part! Many thanks to our Vancouver vendor - they have worked very hard to get this part right for you. Next Steps The bottom (primary) filters will be molded on Monday March 26, and the brace will be molded on Tuesday March 27. Wednesday March 28 we complete assembly by putting the filters into the presses. The first units are scheduled to ship on March 29! We won't be able to get them all out in March, so please be patient with us, as we work hard to get them out as soon as we can. SURVEYS Surveys are out! We need your shipping information so we can get your press out as soon as it is ready. Thanks for your support! Best Regards, Chris, Bruce, and the entire Espro Team A PRIMER ON THE SEALS IN YOUR ESPRO PRESS Common French Presses allow coffee grinds through in two ways: through the filter mesh (which has holes many times greater than the Espro), and along the walls (metal against glass makes a relatively poor seal). In a typical French Press, we've seen instances where grinds can bypass this type of seal. Early on in our design process we knew we couldn't just fix the filter, we needed a better seal! So we created a custom solution: a lip seal with two lips that conform to the inner wall of the press and provide double sealing. This prevents grinds from passing around the seal and getting in your cup. Why are we writing an update about seals? Well, the full production run of seals was received today. The lip seal is a custom FDA approved silicone seal, made by a company in Quebec, Canada. The other seal, which keeps coffee from passing between the filters without going through the filters, is the o-ring. This is also an FDA material, by a US company. You can see both seals (fitted to the last pre-production filter) below. The rest of the parts are in production. We will update you soon, as we will be visiting the factory for final inspection of the container and lid. AND THE WINNER IS! We would like to congratulate Jordan Barber (Third Rail Coffee in NY, NY), who won the US North East Regional Brewers Cup Championship! His brew method was the Single Serve Espro Press. The competitors make 9 cups of coffee in three services. The coffee is evaluated on aroma, flavor, aftertaste, acidity, body, and balance. The competitors are evaluated on how they describe the taste of the coffee, their customer service, and the overall impression they give. Jordan will next compete at the US Brewers Cup Championships in Portland, Oregon (during the SCAA tradeshow). You can read the full article from Sprudge . PORTLAND, HERE WE COME The Specialty Coffee Association of America (SCAA) hosts a yearly tradeshow and symposium. This year it is in Portland, Oregon. If you are in the neighborhood, drop by for a cup of coffee (made with an Espro Press of course)! You can find us in booth 3095 from April 19-22. Event details are here ( <url>’re excited and many of you are asking about the shipping date. We will announce it shortly. Stay tuned! We’ll be sending the survey soon, so we have your current shipping address. Cheers, Chris and Bruce Hello all - We wanted to provide a quick status update, to let you know how production is going! All week we ran countless tests to optimize filtration, and drank phenomenal coffee using the pre-production prototypes. We have also gone back and forth with our vendors to ensure the pre-production units are up to our exacting quality standards. The coffee we have been having on the press tastes incredible! Bruce's favorite so far is a Ugandan Peaberry ( <url>"Manage Your Pledge" next to our video on the Espro Kickstarter page, then follow the steps to adjust your pledge. Best Regards, Chris. THANKS! We are excited and humbled by the amazing response over the last week - 340% funded! Thank you very much. The message of press coffee without the grit is definitely resonating with people who love coffee! A big thanks to Kristen Philipkoski at Gizmodo for her article "This New Press Pot Could Solve..." As we get closer to the end of this phase of our Kickstarter project (12 days to go!), we ask that you pass on the message to anyone who loves great coffee. THE ESPRO HANDLE We would also like to invite you into the product development process, by focusing on one part of the design: the Espro handle! We wanted this to be more than your average plastic button. So, we are casting and plating it! The first shot here is both presses together, showing the relative size. The large handle hasn't been plated, so it doesn't shine yet. This prototype is to make sure that we are happy with the detail in the mold. The second photo shows a top view of the two handles again. The large one is 45 mm (1.77") in diameter and weighs 66.5 g (2.34 oz) unplated. It is hefty! The third photo is a front view. The large one is 21.5 mm (0.85") tall. We think you are going to be proud to put this out on the table for guests! Cheers, Chris. Thanks to all our supporters, as of tonight this project's a go! Each of you has voted with your pocketbook for a better cup of coffee. We are thrilled and humbled and look forward to many exciting announcements in the weeks to come. While our team is busy at work getting this product completed, shipped and delivered to each of you, here are four ways you can continue your efforts as a member of our extended product-launch team! 1. Tell your friends about our project - they can officially PREORDER a large Espro Press with certainty that they will receive one of the first production run, as soon as humanly possible! 2. Tell your local coffee shop and home goods store that you want them to sell the Espro Press, and that we would love to hear from them (based on our initial discussions, we already know this product is going to be sold in the four corners of the world - from North America to Brazil, Europe to Russia, Africa, Australia, Singapore and beyond). 3. Tell us who we should be selling through in your region (sometimes they don't immediately respond to consumer suggestions); we will work over the coming months to reach out to each and every one of them as we expand distribution. 4. Tell us which blogs should be talking about this product. Ask them to do so! We will too. Thanks again for all your support. And a HAPPY NEW YEAR from the team at Espro. You all have certainly made our New Year's Eve special. Bruce, Chris and the team at Espro ps. Want to talk directly to us? Email us at <email> Know someone who loves coffee? Let them be the first to receive the gift of great coffee from an Espro Press! By giving the Espro Press, you and the person receiving the gift become a critical part of this innovation. And, you can download a gift printout here . Have a great Holiday! Chris and the entire Espro Team. 75% FUNDED Just a few days ago we were at 50%, and now we are at 75%! A big thanks to everyone who backed us, and passed on the news to friends and family. If you know anyone who loves great coffee, please let them know we need their help. Wired Gadget Lab: "Espro Press, a French Press That Works" Gear Patrol: "Im-press-ive" @CoffeeKevin: "I rarely distribute press releases but the Espro press is so good." FIRST STAINLESS STEEL PROTOTYPE We received our first vacuum insulated stainless steel prototype yesterday! I made the first brew this morning, and the coffee is still hot 90 minutes later! For a first prototype, I am really impressed with their work. Here is a shot of the press in front of the tree. Happy Holidays, Chris, Bruce, and the entire Espro Team Half Way There! A big thanks to our backers - we are humbled, and appreciate your support! And Getting Noticed! Thanks also to our friends and supporters in the coffee and tech communities for getting the word out. Coolest-Gadgets Geeky Gadgets Blogue de Geek TimeRobots.ru ROASTe.com CoffeeForums @CoffeeGeek - Sweet... @esproblog has a new kickstarter program to get us a larger Espro Press - you can buy in on this early on @jasondominy - Help them make a larger Espro Press! I dig the smaller one for taste! @WilliamRoy55 - Coffee LOVERS need this: The Espro Press takes a new approach to coffee-making @vkamutzki - The Espro Press might just be my new camp coffee maker. There's only so far from civilization I'm willing to go. Retail Price Set - You Save Money by Being First The retail price is set at $99, so the Kickstarter price saves you $14 (14%). And shipping in the continental US and Canada is free, saving you even more! Retailer Support is Growing We now have three retailer backers, who will be the first to sell the large Espro Press. Chris Coffee (www.chriscoffee.com) was first, followed by Hickory Hills (www.hickoryhillscoffee.com) and Venia Coffee (www.veniacoffee.com). We are recognizing them in the retailers section of our site (www.espro.ca/usa/). Pre-Production Filters are Here Our filters will be molded right here in Vancouver, at a fantastic shop. Below is a photo of a pre-production unit - I am really proud of these guys. The filter you see is the primary filter, which does the first round of separation. The secondary filter nested inside is finer still, and removes even more grinds. The double silicone lip seal stops grinds from getting around the filter. There is also an engineered o-ring seal inside that makes it easy to take the filter apart for cleaning. The spider web part is a brace that keeps everything sturdy. Let's Continue to Grow! If you know of anyone who could back us or spread the word, please send them our way. Thanks! Chris, Bruce, and the entire Espro Team Hello everyone, and thank you so much for your support! We are well on our way to launching our large Espro Press on Kickstarter. There are two things we would like to share with you. The first is our press release. We will be sending this out to raise awareness for our Kickstarter Project. If you know anyone who could help by spreading the word, please send it on to them. There are Microsoft Word and PDF versions. The second is our draft box design. We will make a few updates, but this is getting very close. It looks great, and we thank our fantastic graphic artist Lisa Perlman. There is a bigger version here . If you have any questions, please drop us a line! Thanks, Chris. Thanks Stuart - we really appreciate the feedback, and the referrals! Cheers, Chris. Thank you all for the kind words and the great link! @Steve Schaffer - thanks - you made our day! And I have been using my small press every day for well over a year, and the fiter is holding out well. These big filters are even more beefy, so will last a long time. Cheers, Chris. @Al Byrne - emailed to you. Cheers, Chris. @Leo Hsu - you are brewing close to the amount we would use in a single serve press (300 g water with ~18-20 g coffee). The large press is really made for larger volumes. With the large press, the smallest amount I would brew is about 600 g water with ~36 g coffee. Cheers, Chris. Thanks @David Lustig! @Steven Kalz - definitely something we have heard before! The small press is sold at a lot of retailers in the US. You can see them here: <url>#12 on Kickstarter page for tips on brewing and we are working on more tips/brewing instructions etc that we will post on the Espro website shortly. Feedback welcome on this! @Steve Schaffer - Great news! Let us know how you go?! @Steve Schaffer - you will get a notification/tracking number from our shipping partner who are tirelessly working their way through all the rewards. We appreciate your patience and sorry for any confusion! @Steve Schaffer and @Steven Kalz - typically Canada Post within Canada, UPS within the US, and TNT internationally. Our shipping company has committed to this Friday, so you should be seeing your presses shortly! Cheers, Chris. @Tip Harte - let us know if our last update didn't answer your question! Cheers, Chris. @Brett Cruickshank - we plan to get everything out within a few weeks! @Mark Goodman - we started shipping them out March 29! We are working hard to get them all out as soon as we can. Cheers, Chris. @Steve: we are definitely going to provide as much helpful information and some tips to make sure you have every chance of enjoying the perfect cup! That's what Espro is all about! The packaging will have step by step instructions for optimum brewing and maintenance and we will provide another project update with some handy hints once we start shipping shortly. In the meantime, take a look at the FAQs on the project page for some answers on recommended grinds, water temperature, brew time and our favourite origins etc. @Chad we just posted a new update (#12) over the weekend and as it says, we are nearing the end of the first production run and expect to start shipping this week! Not long now..... @Chae - that is correct. Just pledge $170 in the "Pledge $85 or more" category. Best Regards, Chris. @Fjola, there is no polycarbonate in the filters. The polymer is an FDA approved polypropylene. We buy the polymer from the US, and mold in Canada, so we have complete control over the material. @JulieY - hi there. I expect that for most people, the filter will last the life of the carafe. The small press has been on the market for over a year, and we haven't had to offer replacement filters for sale yet! We will be setting up the ability to buy replacement filters this year though. It can all go in the dishwasher, but I would keep the filter on the top rack. Washing by hand might extend the life of the filter if your diswasher is rough on things. Cheers, Chris. @Gene - thanks, that is true about the double wall. And as we have vacuum insulation between the walls, our temperature drop will stay even more consistent! And it keeps it hot after brewing as well. Cheers, Chis @Dean - thanks for backing us - we really appreciate it! A land line would have been good. I'll make a note to send this idea to Kickstarter at the end of the campaign. If Amazon can take other payments by phone, maybe they could do it here too. Cheers, Chris. @Al, you are right - we will put together something shortly to make it clear. I'll check into your specific example and email you. Cheers, Chris. @Yusuke Sakata - I'll send you an email with the details. Cheers, Chris. @Harry - More math for you! Let's say that 7 g/tablespoon is the high end for density. 5 g/tablespoon is the low end for density. That would be 3.5 tablespoons for 18 g, and 12 tablespoons for 60 g. Once you get into the ballpark, adjust up or down to taste! Cheers, Chris. @Harry - One tablespoon is about 7 g of coffee. So about 2 1/2 tablespoons, 8 teaspoons, or 38 ml will get you 18 g of coffee. This is fairly rough - darker roasts will be much different than lighter roasts. Also note that for a liter of water in the big press, you will want about 60 g of coffee. That is somewhere around 9 or 10 tablespoons. Cheers, Chris EOM (end of math). @Atpro - for optimal filtering, we recommend using a minimum of 600 g water with 36 g coffee with the large press - this makes about two cups. For a single cup of coffee, we recommend using the single serve version. Cheers, Chris. We made it! We posted an update to officially thank everyone. Cheers, Chris. Hi Soren, we've had a lot of comments back about the small version being much easier to clean than a typical french press, so I think you will be pleased! Cheers, Chris. I have been using my Espro Press for a little over a month now and I must say this pot makes one of the very best cups of coffee - smooth,flavorful, with no bitterness or acidity in fact so good that I have stopped adding cream so that I can enjoy the coffee to full effect. Excellent product, well made, easy to clean and produces wonderful coffee. I recommend to all my friends and colleges. Did you guys see this? Congrats on some good "press!" <url>— and best of all, is easy to keep clean. I can't be happier, and am telling all my friends about it. Thanks! This user's account has been deleted. Hi folks, I've now received my 2 x large (and 2 x small, also) Espro Presses, courtesy of the Kickstarter campaign, and couldn't be happier. Great coffee! Is there a link available to allow me to download *.pdf versions of the instruction sheets that were included with each of the presses? Like lots of people, I'm trying to lead a paperless life to the maximum extent possible, so I've scanned the originals and recycled the paper. The quality of the scans will, however, never be as good as an original *pdf file. Can you help me out, please? Best regards... The press is perfect. Remember all to experiment with the amount of beans and the grinds. Whatever the instructions recommends on the gram weight just do it and it will be perfect. I also add about 5 more grams to give it a little "kick" I have 4 of your presses and probably going to get 5. This is the best press ever if I need to show off to my friends its the Espro press. My brand new Espros came in the other day. I followed the instructions as written... and WOW! That is some awesome coffee! Thanks so much for your creativity and work! Good luck with future endeavors. When I try to make a smaller amount, it seems like a lot is wasted? I put in 385g of water and 26g coffee, this usually gives me 3 cups of coffee with other presses, but when I do this for the Espro, I only get 1 cup. And then when I clean out the Press there's a bunch of liquid/coffee still left below the filter that's wasted. What's the deal? Bruce - thank you!!! My press arrived the other day and it is beautiful - additionally it makes the best coffee ever. Even more impressive is how easy the press cleans up and is ready for the next pot. My wife doesn't understand why I needed another French Press - I told her this is the "ONLY" Espro Press we have all the others will soon appear at the neighborhood ARC Thrift Store A great THANKS! This has been one of the best cups of coffee my wife and I have ever had! Now that we have the Cadillac device for making coffee, we would love if you can either e-mail us or post some of the best beans you have tried today. We now want to explore some great beans, but would like to know where to buy and what to buy! Again Thanks and we hope to spread word to all of our local coffee and Chocolate shops for them to Buy The Espro Presses for their customers to enjoy! As a self-professed coffee snot (not connoisseur but appreciator), and in love with the ritual of making good coffee, the Espro Press is a wonderful addition to the ritual. It has taken its place in line up of the temperature-controlled kettle, burr girder, and my coffee cup. And the coffee ... Divine! ... and worthy of a second cup. I shall wish the experience upon everyone. Thank-you1 I need a nice 24oz coffee cup!! You gotta make one please!!! I'll give you 10,000 pennies! Plus I need to buy the small press as well for when I need to make espro pressed coffee in the morning for myself before work.. Where can I buy it? I've had my large Espro Press for a week and I am more than happy with it. I do a coarse grind, and as long as I don't go over the top line with both water and coffee, I get a perfect brew every time, no grounds. I pour half into my 20 oz mug, and the rest goes into my preheated dual-walled Klean Kanteen which keeps it hot for hours. Yo Bruce, you need to make a sweet S.S. dual-walled vacuumed coffee cup for me!!!! I'll back that! Thanks Again Will Smooth...that is the best way to describe the Espro press. I used medium roast beans from Costa Rica and the end product was excellent. I've had 14 cups of coffee in the last 36 hours. Not really but this press makes me want to have coffee 24x7. It's that good. I got my espro today.. I love it.. I just need to add more beans next time.. Woohoo! Just picked up my package from TNT (AU, NSW South Coast). This is looking VERY good. Time to make a test brew..... Can't wait! Tomorrow is the day I get my EsPro!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Cleaning question: do I just need to take the 2 baskets apart from each other to clean? I couldn't disassemble the smaller basket--didn't want to try 'too' hard! @EsproPress Is there a website you recommend or can you release an update that gives us the best grind to water and coffe bean total for the perfect cup of coffe for the large Espro Press? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Yup, Carson International is also what I had on my UPS as well. Yes me too! From CARSON INTERNATIONAL. I think I just got a tracking Id for the Espro Press.. It's coming via UPS. This user's account has been deleted. so all the espro will be shipped out by this friday? I am so ANXIOUS to get this Espro Press! I cannot wait to have my coffee pressed from this espro. I've used this press at least once a day since I've gotten it and so far the best setting on my Baratza Marstro Plus is 30 on the dial. I'm using an Ethiopian blend coffe I got from Cost Co. Was not a big fan of it when i used it on my drop coffee. But when I pressed it (12 tbsp) at this setting. Wow! It's a completely different tasting coffee. Rich bold full of flavor and. No grit. There's some very fine dust at the bottom but definitely not sludgy. One word of warning for those eager to clean their pot right after pouring the last contents of pressed coffee beware the handle gets really hot! I read it on the manual so i was aware of it. I guess that's one drawback of an all stainless steel construction... It conducts heat really well. That's good news ArcNerd. I cannot wait to receive my Espro Press.. I have a french pressed coffee every morning before I head into work.. I got my Espro Press last week! All I can say is wow! The build quality is beyond anything I've seen in any coffeepress and it makes the best coffee I've ever had. This is the best coffee maker I have ever purchased and I'm serious when I say I don't want any other press. Well done Espro! Got my Espro Press!! Can't wait to start using this. One thing to note, the double filter on this press is different from the original personal sized espro press. This one has more of a dual vertical filter design, the top part of the press is wide open and no micro screens there. I can't wait to try this. BTW I'm in Toronto, Canada. Just got my burr grinder from Amazon, now patiently waiting for my Espro Press. Can't wait Hope I'm one of the lucky ones who gets mine this week or next! Received my Espro press late last week, and I have to say I couldn't be happier with the product. Excellent design. Exceptional materials and construction. Really nice to see such a professional and innovative product designed in Vancouver! Great job to all involved. Have not received anything other than an email requesting my address. Please provide me with a shipping date. Thank you. My package just arrived and it looks awesome, can't wait to brew my first cup! Bruce When will you be shipping my six units to Australia ? @Bruce Constantine: Is there any way to tell if mine was included in the first shipment? I'm in Iowa, zip is 52402. Literally wanting to plan an event with people coming over to try it out, so I'd like to know in advance if possible :) How are they being shipped - USPS or UPS/FedEx? Thanks in advance! Just got mine! I can't wait to use it this long weekend. Just got mine in the mail today! Yay! Has the product started shipping? This user's account has been deleted. Are we getting any closer to delivery? I just realized that it's late March already...would appreciate an update. Can I name my future child Espro? Just to clarify...to be rewarded 2 large presses I should increase my pledge amount to $170? When I do that it states, "Pledge=$170,Reward=$85". Is that all I need to do to receive 2 large presses? What kind of plastic is used in the filters? Does it have any polycarbonate in it? Please confirm it does not and I will raise my pledge to get one of your awsome Espro Press :-) Thanks Bruce, hello and a couple of questions: -- Should the filters last for the life of the carafe, or do they need to be replaced periodically (every "x"vcups, yearly, etc)? -- Also, can the carafe and/or filters go in the dishwasher? (Heresay, I know, but such is modern life.) Thanks. Looking forward to delivery!! @Barry The insulating double wall actually helps make the coffee better. The reason is the insulation helps maintain the water temperature at 200 degrees so you get optimal extraction and balance of flavors. I have a Frieling double wall stainless pot and i can tell you it makes superior coffee to the regular glass pots. I pre-heat the Frieling so that there is no temperature drop below 197 during brewing. You will be blown away by the quality of your brew when these Espro's arrive. A phone number to call to order securely over land line would've been nice.. with the advent of hackers gaining credit card information from data warehouses, I almost didn't back the project. I did it for my wife, I'm positive she'll love the coffee this makes! Bruce/Chris - many thanks for the recent update... Bruce - the FAQ really needs to address the 'seeking multiple examples' case. I need to manage my pledge to cover 2 x large Espro Press, shipped to AU. Is $240 correct?. Thanks for what will be, I'm certain, a great product! I am really looking forward to getting the Espro Press. Well, is it possible to get 2 single-serve Espro Press? If it possible, please let me know the price that I should add to my pledge. I see that the filter housing is made out of plastic. What is the mesh made out of? Also, is there any health concern about using plastic with boiling water? Just want to make sure :) Thanks! Stupid question, but will this be dishwasher friendly? Chris, wunderbar and thank you! I look forward with even greater anticipation to the first exquisite sip. No more Timmies for me! Ok,call me old fashioned. How much in units of a teaspoon or millilitre does the volumetric equivalent of 18 grams come out to? I like the slight uncertainty this can provide in my coffee tasting adventures. Mathematical proof welcome ;-) Awesome thanks for the quick response. good to know. where would be a good place/ best price to pick one up as I live in vancouver? Thanks What are people's thoughts using this larger sized press for single servings. 18 g's do you think it will affect the taste compared to using the smaller espro press or produce the same outcome? Just wanted to make sure before I buy the larger one as it will be nice to use this when the guests are around. Thanks CONGRATULATIONS! ~I'll drink a good cup-o-joe to that... in the morning, that is! Happy New Years to you and the Espro Team! yayyyy its funded!!!! @Evan Heckert: You could upgrade your pledge to $150 which would get you one large Espro press along with the small single user one. ;-) Whoops, I mean $230. 123 backers so far, just need 2 more coffee-loving persons! $130 to go! Good deal. Is it safe to assume I'll be able to make single servings even with the large version? Most of the time I just make a cup or two for myself. Or perhaps open up the pledges to just a small one? Thanks! @Evan Heckert: If you look at the pledge area, estimated delivery is March 2012, assuming no unforseen issues. For those who have pledged, when do you expect that we'll receive our first Espro Press? I'm debating on whether to get a cheap french press before then. I'm dyin' to try something that's not a drip-through-paper-filter cup of coffee. Any suggestions on something to tide me over? Thanks! @Barry Spital: settle down... The real celebration will be achieving the goal and eventually having a good cup of coffee to toast Chris, Bruce and the rest of Team Espro. 95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!! Whats important is we can have more then one cup of Joe with this new gadget. I personally have 3 Espro presses and it will be nice to have a big one! I don't care about the double wall thingie, because there is one thing you do when you make a good french press is you drink it immediately! You want that cup of java nice and hot and fresh. Just my 2 cents. I can't wait to get this bad boy funded and get my large press!!! I might buy a second larger press if I get more friends hahhahhaa This is going to go great with my coffee joules, hope you guys get the rest of the funding soon The concept with a double filter (easy to clean, hopefully) is a neat idea! Good luck!