ELEMENTS, by ALIEN INK Earth: Some of the wildest things in life, have been pollinated by many sources of inspiration. Seeds of ideas grow creating something that could only exist in its moment by pulling from the strengths of what came before. Fire: Early animation from Disney inspires Osamu Tezuka to make Astro Boy. Astro Boy inspires artists to create and develop anime. Their ideas spread like wildfire through the imaginations of filmmakers and something as unique as the Matrix is created, igniting the imagination of the world and changing the game forever. Air: This deck started as a subtle breeze. Influences whispered in youth playing Magic the Gathering with friends; imagining the elements were at our command. It draws subtle style from the Magic the Gathering artists like Quentin Hoover, and the comics I started collecting when I was a kid. Water: All of this inspiration has flooded my mind, swirling within my imagination and now, formed from the solvent of all of these influences the Elements Deck is here. Jacks: Having recently acquired their power, they are quick to use it and are their element incarnate. Unrestrained and brash, their raw power shapes them. Queens: More refined, they personify the elegance and flow of their element's form. Nurturing of their powers and confident in their refined abilities. Kings: Noble and powerful, they have honed their powers and rule over their element with strength and force. "One-eyed-Jacks" and "Suicide-King" are included within the design. The Pips A lot of thought went into how to keep a strong resemblance to the standard pips so the deck is easy and intuitive. At the same time we wanted to craft them into a totally fresh experience following the theme of their element. Add Ons To make things simple you can combine any reward levels, (except limited rewards) together to create your own custom pledge. If you have any questions please feel free to ask and we're happy to help. In addition to combining rewards, you can add these amounts to your pledge to get these rewards. Mini Decks: $9 (+$1 Extra for Int. Shipping) Plastic Decks: $24 (+$5 Extra for Int. Shipping) Hangers: 5" x 7" Mini Metal Poster Add $4 for a hanger 11" x 17" Metal Poster Add $7 for a hanger 21" x 25" Metal Uncut Sheets Add $21 for a hanger The number cards For our previous deck, Galaxy Cards Infinity Edition we researched the function and form of a UI, (User Interface) a way of guiding the eye and helping make the visual experience clear and quick. GC:Infinity Edition Applied to this deck, these designs carry over as a subtle UI on the faces of the Elements cards. It also looks amazing in a fan and adds to the tribal feel of the deck. If you can manage a cardspin you're in for a treat. New Proposed Index Coloring! The Tuckbox With a subtle visual cue taken from the time-worn pages of spellbooks, the Elements tuckbox personifies the age and scale of the elemental beings that inhabit it. The front is our first Joker, the cardback opposite that, and the remaining 4 sides feature windows showcasing the 4 elements within. Bursting with color and style, this one is not to be missed. The Artist The style of this deck was extremely important. We wanted to capture the flow and line work inherent to each elemental style, (flowing lines for water, aggressive lines for fire etc.) while staying true to the original visual style idea. Since 2012 the search has been on to find the artist with the right inherent style and the moment I saw the sketches of our newest artist, I knew that he could bring it to life exactly as I had imagined it. With an extensive background in graphic design, Daniel Walker studies at SF Academy of Arts and is a welcome addition to the Alien Ink artists roster. His art has been featured on album covers, smartphone games and much more. The Printer This deck is a 500 deck print with Conjuring Arts / EPCC. They are well known for printing excellent decks with a cardistry and magic-ready slippery finish, including the 'EXQUISITE' deck. I have been in close communication with the owner, and we're ready to print. I support their goals and their decks are exceptional, with careful attention to making them cardistry and magic ready. The Stretch Reach Initial Goal: 500 Deck print! Reach 8k: 2nd Joker Revealed! To us, Jokers are no laughing matter. You won't find any dancing identical Jokers in an Alien Ink deck. Just unique captivating art cards that beg to be posters and explode off the page. You'll find an excuse to include them in your games and performances when you see them. The Metal Posters / Mini Prints / Metal Uncuts The metal posters are made of professional grade aluminum, and the printing process infuses special dyes into metal sheets. This means that the image is dyed IN the metal and not on it, making it incredibly durable, scratch resistant and the strong bright colors will not fade. The edges are smooth and safe. ALL Posters will feature Metallic Ink. You can add-on a hanger to your poster if you would like to (at a small extra cost, which is listed in the add on section above) and it does not need glass in front of it to protect the image when on display. The hanger is a fitting affixed to the back of the poster permanently, that will very slightly elevate the poster out from the wall, and provides a slot for the head of a nail to fit for easy hanging. LIMITED EDITION Royalty Print Thank You Thanks so much for even checking out this project! We work hard day and night to make this a fun and engaging experience, we know there are a lot of decks out there and we appreciate the time you've taken checking us out. We do our best to bring something special and unique to the world of playing cards and we hope you'll support that. So what do you think? I hope you ready to capture the ELEMENTS for yourself! This is our best deck yet so go and pledge for yours! Dedicated: I had imagined and designed this deck in 2012, and it's been a long journey to make it a reality. I've designed and printed 5 deck designs in the last 2 years, and I met the right artist for this deck only late last year. When this deck was finally finished, I decided to look up Quinton Hoover to let him know his great influence on my early artistic life and on the visual style of this deck. Sadly, on April 20, 2013 Quentin hoover passed away, and my heart sank when I learned that. I really wish I could have shown him what he had by proxy created with me. I'd like to dedicate this deck to him. There will be a special dedication thanking him for his contributions to games and art. This one's for you Mr. Hoover. Hey everyone, So I know it's been a long haul here... Many of you may feel that this project would never get delivered, and if it did, how could it possibly live up to such a long delay? How could I possibly make this up to you? As you know, much of the delay has been due to me moving to So Cal, changing jobs, and having to get acclimated and settled. Well that time has come, and it's better than I had hoped. As you know I wanted more flexibility to do what I wanted with Alien Ink and these projects; to be able to make them how I would like, regardless of their funding goals. That time is here, and I've decided to make it up you all by printing this deck with the USPCC. It will cost me another 10-12k over and above the project's funding goal, but I can now do that, and it will allow me to print them with the quality and pedigree they deserve. You can look forward to this being the start of that trend with our decks. Beyond that, this projects sold nowhere close to 5k decks, which means... I'll have lots of extras to send out with your rewards in addition to what you've all pledged for, and that's exactly what I'll be doing. I hope this will go a long way to showing you all that things have changed here, and there is much more behind Alien Ink than ever before. There is much more to do, and I'll update as things progress. I would like to have these in your hands by the holidays, and you'll all know if that will be possible very soon as I dig a little deeper. I'm making this update public , as I'm sure the community outside of KS has had a few choice words about this project and A.I. in general and I want it to be clear to everyone interested in Alien Ink to know our next move to repay you all for having to wait so long. I'm much more settled, so please ask any questions you may have and I'm happy to converse. I have had a few of you ask what to do, since you have moved since the project funded, and I will send out an APB to anyone that needs their address changed right as I'm about to ship out the rewards. Thanks again for waiting, and I hope this comes across as me doing my best to make things up to you all for waiting after supporting this project when so few on KS did, and helping me realize my vision. Please let me know what you think, and also keep in mind that something along the lines of metallic ink is also on my mind so any ideas from you in that regard are welcome. Graciously yours, -Alien Ink Hey Everyone! Just wanted to let you all know that I'm still here and things are going well. Things are tapering off as I acclimate to my new job and I'm moving closer to my work soon, as well as changing my role there so I'll have more hours in my day. This means more free time to start moving this all forward finally. I wish I could design cards as career, and pay all my bills with my passion but I've got to make this job work for the moment. I think it will be good for the company in the long run to have this full-time job, as there won't be as much pressure and I can really pursue it on a personal level. I'm sorry that I had to make that transition during this project. I also wanted to let you know that the website www.alieninkcards.com is still mine, I'm simply in the process of updating it, and possibly changing style hosting providers. I'm not in any way disappearing, and you can all still reach me at any time you wish through KS. I'm very much looking forward to finally getting these printed, as I'm sure you're looking forward to getting them. That's all for now, but please know that things are getting better and moving closer to delivery, and I'm always around. You will of course be kept up to date as things change and develop closer to a quick print and ship. -Alien Ink Backers!! First of all, thanks so much for being a part of this project. We have more backers on this deck project than any in the past and it feels great to have such validation for a project concept that I've been dreaming of for so long. Thanks. We are 3 days away from the end here, and I am setting up the Backerkit for this project. I've used the service before in projects I've backed and I'm confident in how easy it will make surveys and add ons for everyone. If you've used it before you're already familiar with it, and if this is your first time, you're in for a treat. It's almost ready and I'll explain more when survey time comes around. In a recent conversation with one of my long time backers, they expressed how they like to take their time with Backerkit, and like that they can organize and add on rewards even after the project is over. If you have made add ons here already, leave them as they are, as Backerkit doesn't change a thing in that regard. If you have any questions at any time always feel free to ask. I love to help. I know you'll all enjoy the experience. I may even have some exclusive and limited rewards on the Backerkit as well as opportunities to get previous decks. I'll keep you posted. Thanks again for supporting Alien Ink by being a part of this project and and I'm happy to have you all here! Please continue to spread the word so everyone that would love the deck gets to see it before the end of the project. Thanks so much! -Alien Ink In the immortal words of Bruce Lee, I prefer to 'be like water'. Always looking for ways to improve the designs of our decks up to the moment of print, I really enjoyed the feedback I got on our last project, the Wine deck regarding the numbered cards and their design. That tradition continues here with the promised comparison between the current black indexes (numbers and letters) and the proposed blue indexes. Please vote below if you like, with a simple A or B. A is for the black indexes on the numbers of the club and spade, and B is for the blue indexes on the numbers of the club and spade. PLEASE note that index placement and size, and pip placement and size are not final. This is a quick showcase to decide coloring only. Thanks so much for taking the time to vote and I hope you enjoy having a say in the design of a deck that will travel around the world and will most likely be featured on the Roller Casino App as well!! -Alien Ink p.s. Without sounding in any way, or at all bias, I'm ridiculously partial to the blue indexes ;-) When Alien Ink launched it's first deck Galaxy Cards 1st Edition we told you that this... was only the beginning. We meant it, and in the last 2 years we've been hard at work designing, drawing, researching, printing, delivering and imagining decks that are unlike anything ever seen before in the world of cards. Just in case you missed it... Here is a quick showcase of what we've done with our pips in our first 2 years. And this... is only the beginning... Thanks for being here. Or does Art imitate Life? I think it's a bit of both. I'm always surprised by the way that my projects reach out and touch my daily life. It makes me wonder, if I made a project about purple elephants would I suddenly see them in real life? :-) This was at a bar that I went to for an open mic jam session of my friends. Very cool. I prefer the King of Clubs in the Elements deck to this though. ;-) We have 15 days left on the project. We've had surges of people and it's been a fun 15 days so far. I am on a road trip currently and I'll have some time to get a few more updates in before the end of the project hopefully coming up this week. I love that I can imagine something and if I put enough work into it, there will be amazing people like you that see the value in it and help me to make it possible. Not a day goes by that I'm not working on making Alien Ink more visible and more viable as a career for myself. These are humble beginnings, but aren't those the best? Thanks again for your support, we've clearly funded this deck, and you can look forward to more from... -Alien Ink! Add Ons I'm making standard posters available NOW as add-ons. These will be 11" x 17" paper Posters printed on a CMYK Professional Printer using high quality Matte paper to cut glare. You can choose your choice of card in the deck, including the card back. The Royalty print is also available as one of these paper posters. See below for pricing. To make things simple you can combine any reward levels together , (except limited rewards) to create your own custom pledge. If you have any questions please feel free to ask and I'm happy to help. In addition to combining rewards, you can add these amounts to your pledge to get these rewards. Paper Poster of Any Card in the Deck: $20 for 1, or $30 for 2 (+$10 Extra for Int. Shipping regardless of quantity) Paper Poster of the Royalty Print: $25 for 1, or $40 for 2 (+$10 Extra for Int. Shipping regardless of quantity) Mini Decks : $9 (+$1 Extra for Int. Shipping) Plastic Decks: $24 (+$5 Extra for Int. Shipping) Our plastic and mini decks are well known for being the best of the best. The minis are cardistry and magic ready and are slippery and durable. The plastic decks fan incredibly well and feel incredible. You won't want to stop shuffling them! Both the plastic and mini decks come with a full color tuckbox! Minis with color tucks are near impossible to find, and we have the best of the best. Minis use the same artwork as the full sized deck but I make small modifications to the sizing of the pips and numbers to they are easy to see and use. Their application in magic with the minis is infinite, and imagine the surprise when the card someone has chosen shows up shrunk to half the size, and in their pocket!! (I've done it, and it's well worth the effort) Anyone that has received a plastic or mini deck from us in the past please feel free to comment here with your experience with them, and if anyone has any questions please ask away. I will have an update soon with the numbers and letters, (values) of the deck in red and blue as opposed to its current red and black. We can then put it to a vote. I'm happy to see the project still gradually getting closer to the funding goal, and as always it is incredibly helpful if you can push the like button on the project and share the link on your facebook to help show others the amazing deck you're supporting! Thanks so much everyone, I hope the start of your week was amazing and I'm always here if you need me! Let's keep getting the word out about the project! -Jeremiah You're not here for an Elements deck because this deck is like all the rest. You're here because Alien Ink breaks tradition. We DEFY it. We recognize the value of tradition, but it does not define us like it does so many others. Complexity for the sake of complexity is cyclical, and that just means you're going to go in circles forever. That's just not my thing. From the moment Alien Ink made its first deck it was designed to take you somewhere you had never been, and show you something you had never seen. That's why you're here, and that's why we'll never stop doing what we do. We polarized the playing card community the moment we arrived, becoming both famous and infamous in the same moment. To many people the idea of breaking tradition is terrifying and many people will walk away from the opportunity to experience something new in favor of something familiar and comforting. Let them have it. But that's not you is it? It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. Thank you for being here. You do more for the world of playing cards and its future by supporting new and creative ideas than by supporting those that refuse to break tradition and ask you to walk the same path every time. I'm sure you've pledged for many decks, but it takes a certain kind of person to include Alien Ink in their collection, and I'm proud to know every single one of you. We don't walk paths, we forge them. Sumo wrestling is steeped in tradition. Check out the link below and watch some of the best Sumo wrestling you will ever see, by a man that refuses to play the game the way it has been played for all time before him. And watch him win with style. Watch him dominate like no one before him. Tradition is a shackle, and when you break free and don't let anything slow you down... The universe is your playground. SHATTER TRADITION -Alien Ink Hi! Thanks for checking us out and being a part of this project. It is very close to my heart, and I've been a bit more nervous than usual pushing that 'launch' button for the project. I appreciate everyone here. This is a 30 day project and slow and steady wins the race, but I truly appreciate you coming out early to show your support. Sharing the project is extremely helpful. Our project was mentioned on the Games of Berkeley facebook page, and their twitter and maybe a few of you saw it and found your way here that way! So please if you haven't already, click that 'share' button under the video on the project and help us get the word out. Thanks so much!! -Jeremiah @John: "Not a single tangible update since the project closed. Just lots of "fluff"" I'm sorry but if you're going to spout forth nonsense then I have a very hard time taking you seriously and writing inflammatory comments is the last way to get respect from a project creator who has clearly spelled out answers to your questions and updates already, on what is happening with the project and what phase it is in. If you have questions, they are already in the updates that you clearly have not read. And I mean CLEARLY have not read. When I have an ETA you'll know (already said this in an update) The proofs are final (already said this in an update) I have a complete and final prototype (already said this in an update). The rest, everyone will know the second they happen because I do keep you informed and I've... you guess it (said this already in an update.) Understand that when I say a reward amount it's abstract and doesn't apply to anyone in particular. (I can't believe I have to explain this... ) Honestly... I make these decks because I'm passionate about them and I love to design. This is Kickstarter, and things happen in the life of someone trying to start a business from nothing. These projects haven't funded for 100k. They funded for just enough for me to print, ship and pay my artists, in pretty much every case, and so I have to work a job to pay my bills. I don't know how many times I can apologize and make it clear that these decks will go out to you indefinitely. Posting on BB or complaining all about how this sucks? (I know that its only a few ppl but its the vocal few so if this doesn't apply then pls ignore it) I get it, but if you not getting your $20 reward on time is enough for you to do your best to ruin any future of the company that created a deck that you liked enough to want in your collection, by running around yelling about getting scammed, which is nowhere near the case, than honestly I would be sending you your cash back as a reward instead of your decks anyways. These decks WILL go out. Period. If you're interested in the future of a company that makes decks unlike anything else on the planet, I assure you that your decks will arrive for your enjoyment. Stick around because I always make up for my mistakes and delays to my backers and this is gonna be my best yet :-) I know I messed up on the delivery time and I will be making it up to you. YOU are the reason I make these decks, and my goal isn't complete until you've enjoyed these in whatever way you see fit in your own hands. If you're waiting with bated breath because you know these will be awesome, thank you for your patience, and I promise they will be worth the wait and more. If you want a refund, message me and I'll be so much more than happy to get it right out to you. Thanks so much. Sorry I missed your comment, John! Overall design of the deck is finished. Unfortunately shipping for this deck won't be starting this month as planned. I'll be posting another update soon with a sample deck showcase. Thanks for your patience. The update mentions that delivery will start next month. The 5th Element project, (the sister project to this one) is finishing up it's backerkit, and when that's done we'll start shipping out Elements all together. The Backerkit for ELEMENTS is currently in for review and will go out to everyone as soon as it's been approved. I'll have an update out to let you know when that happens very soon. @ John GT: Awesomeness :-) @J. Helfer: Glad to hear you're on board for a couple decks, and I'm happy to hear you like the balance we reached for this deck. There is a list of add-ons on the project page below but I will make an update with just the add-ons for easy reference. @Dr. Kraven: If we hit 24k we will print with the USPCC, but have no reservations about the quality of the printer we are using. They are exceptional. I'm a die-hard magician and cardist, and I insist on my decks supporting those hobbies as well as being game-ready. I will be working on a project for dice and poker chips that relate to my decks and this deck design will be included. Thanks for your recommendation of a Zodiac deck. I appreciate your faith in me. It's in the works actually, but I have a few decks I'll be releasing first. There's still plenty to come from Alien Ink. @John Great question. The metal posters are aluminum so they are very light. You almost can't feel their weight when holding them. They are approximately 4 playing cards thick, and hanging them with a magnet would be very easy. You won't need a turbo magnet or anything. Glad you are enjoying the artwork for this deck. Everyone I've shown the royalty sample print to has been floored by the image quality and precision of the print. I hope you can grab one. Welcome to the project. @Random The font is not final, and I will definitely look into and consider you recommendations for font that may fit the deck more appropriately. I appreciate your suggestions! Your observation on the color of the values being black as opposed to blue is quite observant. This deck seeks to strike a balance between familiar and novel. Keeping the values black and red was something that developed close to launch and I had originally intended the values to reflect the coloring of the suits, being red and blue. I'd be more than happy to put it to a vote, and honestly would like to see the values blue and red myself. Thanks for bringing it up, and I'll have some images up in an update soon! You are perfectly correct about the function of the Infinity Edition side pips. The pips fading off the edge of the number cards on the Elements deck are there to add to the tribal feel of the deck. The Infinity Edition was also a very limited edition and I wanted to include that concept in a more available deck. I intend to use this deck in cardistry and magic and I feel that it adds a lot to the forward facing fans and card spins look just amazing with pips on the edges like that. Your questions were more than constructive, they were insightful and they are exactly what I've come to expect from my brilliant backers. (I have the best of the bunch you know). I'll look forward to you being just as vocal should anything else cross your mind, and I'm really enjoying the feedback I've received on this deck. It shows great interest in the deck and I couldn't ask for more. Thanks so much and welcome to the project. Much appreciated! Welcome to the Elements!! I didn't forget his name, Jeremiah DesLonde <url>"I would just like to let you know that the person you are pictured with in your photo pretty much stole approximately $7600 from various people on Kickstarter projects: <url>" Maybe this will finally get him to own up. Well this guy ran off with $6,000 @John Anthony.... Good Idea. I tried leaving a message on his FB but he just banned me and deleted it. Almost tempted to Facebook message his friends to force him to own up on his debts. Especially ones he has photos with. @Terri Connor... Don't let asshats like this guy keep you from the many honest and hard working card designers on Kickstarter. As for refunds... good luck. I've asked for one several times and he's ignored every one. Makes me not want to use kickstarter either. need some way of making sure projects are completed and sent. I agree with Peter, refunds are in order Happy new year everyone... Another year of excuses and lies awaits us.... It's Dec 23rd and still no sign of any deck, and no update since August. I'm now wary of backing projects on Kickstarter. I think a refund is in order. Aug 22 "Lets make this right...."... yeah sure, just another thief... This is an absolute joke now!!!!! How about a refund if you aren't going to make the cards News? And another 2 months rolls by without a word. He hasn't bothered to log in for over 3 weeks. Does anyone really believe he cares about this project or the other 3 that are also unfulfilled? You stated twice before that if I asked for a refund it would be given. Over the last year I have asked 5 (now 6) times. If your next "update" consists of more empty promises and BS claims that your decks are groundbreaking and worth the wait.... Don't bother. Well, we are up to nearly 4 months between excuses. I am done. This is my 5th request for a refund. I am sure it will be ignored like the others. Well, it's been 3 months... isn't it time for a new excuse? Since the creator can't be bothered to give an update, I will. I got a formal letter from the California Attorney General today stating that they tried several times to contact Alien Ink and Mr. Deslonde and received no reply no surprise there) so they are moving to the next phase. Get with it Mr. Deslonde. Do the right thing and fulfill your obligations.... @John... I commented on the Alien Ink FB page but he blocked me and removed my comment. He also sent one of his typical rude replies. I'm not surprised. I sent a FB message to the artist who actually did the art. I won't repeat our conversation but suffice to say I was not surprised by that either. Wine Deck.... Partially fulfilled but a lot of people still complaining about not getting their decks The 5th Element... No rewards sent Flowers Infinity Edition... No decks sent Elements... No rewards sent Mr. Deslonde has no honor. <url>"<url>". His personal facebook page is located here: <url>"promise" to get the product completed. I have also provided a message to his facebook account in attempts to receive a refund, but no response was provided. We have contacted Kickstarter to resolve, but no assistance was provided. We have also filed complaints through the California Attorney General, but we were informed that only a letter was provided to the owner, which provided no resolution to our issue. I and many other are looking for refunds for our pledges. Ok, folks. I sent a complaint to the FTC. Below is a link you can follow to do the same. <url>#crnt Ok, folks. It is clear that the creator could care less about fulfilling his obligation or refunding our money. It is equally clear that the CA Attorney General could care less because our "little" amount of $$ doesn't get them enough headlines. But, on the news yesterday it was reported that the FTC is going after Kickstarter crooks like Alien Stink. They prosecuted the first and are looking for more. I will be lodging my complaint today and will include a link here when I have one. Another month gone with nothing. It's now been a year since Alien Stink took our money and all we have to show for it are hollow excuses and empty promises. I just posted the following to Jeremiah's "Other" message box on Facebook: Jeremiah, I don't know when you'll receive this, but it looks like you're leaving all of us Kickstarter folks no other option than to turn you in to Kamala D. Harris, Attorney General, in the State of California Department of Justice Office of the Attorney General. Good luck with your legal troubles. You have no one to blame but yourself. Will Hart 3 months for an update and this is it? This is the same update you posted in January. It doesn't seem that the CA AG cares so I am looking into starting a FB page to gather backers for a class action lawsuit. Enough is enough. The excuses are old. Thanks for today's update. I remain hopeful to one day receive decks from this and your other as-yet unfulfilled projects. @John Anthony A. Gorospe... I'll do the same but this time I'll try the phone instead of e-mail. I have also thought about reaching out to the artist he used. Haven't received any word from the man that stole all our money. I'll contact the California Attorney General in about a weeks time, giving it about a month's time since I first reached out. @John Anthony A. Gorospe... Thanks for the update. I got an e-mail back from the California Attorney General stating they were aware of complaints and were looking into the matter. I am hoping all of this lights a fire under Mr. Deslonde and wakes him up to the reality of the situation. Just come clean and be honest and most of all keep us updated. I have had more than one KS campaign late and in trouble. I am more than happy to wait and be patient as long as I don't feel cheated or like I am being strung along. Mr. Deslonde; It has been over 3 months now, a quarter of a year, since you have bothered to update the 231 backers who trusted you with their hard earned money and believed in you. Many of us see that you are active on Facebook and have time for that on nearly a daily basis but haven't even bothered to log onto KS in over 2 months (Jan 27th) Pay us at least enough respect to drop in here at least once a week and let us know what is going on. Well as an update, I got a letter back from the Department of Justice stating that they forwarded my letter with an inquiry from their office to the company in question. We shall wait and see if we get any response. Karma, my friends. Karma. @John Anthony A. Gorospe.... Thanks. I sent another complaint and used yours as a template as it was better written. Lets get behind this folks. If we let one creator get away with abandoning his campaign and backers it just makes it easier for others, including the outright scammers. @ all backers, feel free to copy the text from the last comment and paste it/edit it to your liking. And I just want to re-paste the link provided by John Heifer below: <url>"maintenance" in the history of the web Updates his FB page regularly, hasn't signed on here since 1/27. Guess the UnitedCardists folks were right about not backing him. Any updates for us yet? @Mike Kabala... Sad to say it looks like he has gone over the hills and far away with our money. It's been over two months. What is the status of ths project? @all backers... I have contacted the California state Attorney General but I am only one voice. I've provided a link below to the complaint form on the Attorney General's web site. Make your voice heard. <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: •they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; •they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; •they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; •they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and •they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." @Justin Ly... Sadly no. I sent an e-mail to the Attorney General in CA but to date haven't heard back. Maybe you could add your voice? Sept...gone Oct...gone Nov...gone Dec...gone Jan...gone And what do we have? Excuses, rude replies when you get them and mostly silence. I feel like this is a lost cause... is there anything else we can do about this other than "report to kickstarter" ? Yet another "update" with no information. Still no answers to the most basic of questions. Have you signed the contract with the printer? Are the cards being printed or in the queue to be printed? What is the ETA or approximate ETA? It has been 7 and a half months since the campaign ended and 7 months since you collected money from the backers. The answers to these questions should be easy. Your continued excuses and avoidance of these basic questions tells the real story. You haven't signed the contract. The cards aren't being printed or even in the queue to be printed and that's why you have no ETA and make excuses instead of fulfill your promises and responsibility to the backers. I am now receiving decks that funded three months, a quarter year, after your project. And most of those creators work full time jobs as well. Enough excuses. Pay us the respect of real answers and some honesty. @Mike Kabala, With his spotty update schedule I can't tell if he's gone silent or just hasn't bothered to update us. It is sad that I have to chase down the creator just to get two decks of mediocre cards. @John Helfer, what upsets me is how AlienInk responded to legitimate requests for information. Now it appears that he has gone silent after running out of funds. I'm not sure that this was intentional on his part, but he should at least come clean with his backers and let us know what really happened. Sadly, he appears to have chosen to go silent. I'd be willing to forgive him if he admitted to his failure to deliver the rewards, but I don't like being abandoned by him just because I want to know what happened. @Mike Kabala... I saw that earlier when sbznpoe posted. If the hosting fees weren't paid then the chances he has the funds to ship rewards doesn't look good. If he took the site down it could be the first sign he is headed over the hills and far away. I have hesitated contacting the Attorney General in California because I didn't want to hurt any chances that the other backers get their rewards. I think it's time to do just that. I encourage others do the same as well as clicking the " report this project to Kickstarter" link at the bottom of the project page. Not that Kickstarter will do anything besides suspend his account. If you do report it be sure to add that he has two accounts that he runs projects through. (Another no-no on KS) The other, if you don't know it, is "Alien Slink" Sad that it has come to this. I wish I had known better when I pledged. The warning signs were plentiful. I was just too new at KS to know better. @Alienink... I am formally requesting a refund. You have failed to deliver the rewards(s) promised for the money I pledged, nor have you provided any update or information that said reward(s) will be delivered. THe domain is registered through February, 2015 through GoDaddy. Either the creator brought the site down or is behind on payment of his hosting fees. Whois Server Version 2.0 Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered with many different competing registrars. Go to <url>"I have been in close communication with the owner, and we're ready to print." This was in the project description at launch in April. Six + months later we get a comment that the "overall" design is done. Again... Are these in the queue at the printer? If not, why? If so, what is the ETA given by the printer? Saying the backers are great and the reason you do this means nothing. Words are hollow and cheap. Actions tell the real story. Waiting months between updates and berating backers that are concerned about the lack of communication and updates tells the real story. The sporadic updates and hostile comments could not be more disrespectful. Alien Ink; John Heifer’s sentiment is completely understandable. The key issue here as he mentioned in his Nov 15 comment “The delays and late fulfillment are not the reason for my ire. The lack of transparency and communication are.” Concerning the updates for this project: Jul 13, 21, 22 & Aug 10, 16, 20 – Backer Kit updates Sep 6 – Update mentioned delivery of elements planned for next month (Oct). Also mentioned working prototype to be shared with backers (no update with prototype provided till Dec 10) Sep 17 – (under comments) “The update mentions that delivery will start next month” Oct 28 – (under comments) “Unfortunately shipping for this deck won't be starting this month as planned.” No ETA provided. Nov 19 – Design done, too busy due to new job Dec 10 – Final prototype was provided. Concerning the lack of transparency comment on Nov 15, the only official update previously was Sep 6, which was about 2 ½ months. His concern at this point is very valid. Also the update on the 19th mentioned the design was finished, but no photos were provided up until about a month later. Concerning the questions in John’s comments on Nov 15 and Dec 11: - What is the status of the artwork? Is it finished? (Nov 15) - Sent to the printer? (Nov 15) - What is the printer's ETA? (Nov 15, Dec 11) - What is a realistic and honest ETA for fulfillment? (Nov 15) - Is the deck in the queue at the printer? (Dec 11) - Has the contract been signed? (Dec 11) - Have you approved the prototype/proofs? (Dec 11) Technically, your updates only provided a solid answer to one of his seven questions (the very first one listed above). While some of the questions are similar, they are not exactly the same question. And saying that there will be an ETA is not exactly providing an ETA. Simple “yes” or “no” answers for questions concerning the printer should suffice; however, this was never answered. If you reread your comments from the last few days, your comments are very aggressive and can be easily interpreted as lashing out to the few who provided comments (although I am sure there are more out there with the same concern). The length of this comment is to ensure that you understand the concern of the backers, and hope that in the future your future updates/comments don’t lash out at the few commenters who probably voice the concern of the many. Berating your backers and making them out to be whiny and ungrateful is unprofessional and rude. Your backers have every right to be angry... and vocal. Weeks and months go by without a word from you and when you do finally get around to posting an "update" there is no information whatsoever on what's going on with the deck. Is the deck in the queue at the printer? Has the contract been signed? Have you approved the prototype/proofs? Has the printer given you an ETA? Mentioning the amount someone pledged is also unprofessional and rude. Whether a backer pledged $20 or $200 makes no difference. They worked hard for that money and you owe them at least the courtesy of regular, substantive updates. Show us some respect and answer the questions I asked above. I feel like a total idiot for backing this. Not only did I put $65 in for the 6 pack of cards, I put an additional $24 in the backer kit for a plastic version of this deck. And all we get is updates with empty promises. @Mike Kabala... That sums it up for me. Not a single tangible update since the project closed. Just lots of "fluff" about how great his company is doing and all their other outside projects. More troubling is the running of campaigns under different names. He ran a campaign late October for signed decks that he already has. That project has a delivery date after the new year. Why? These are decks he already has and just needs to sign and ship. From the outside it looks like he needed money for shipping so he just put up another campaign under another name. Either way I am tired of waiting, endless excuses and lack of real updates. I have sent an e-mail to the Attorney General of California and the San Fransisco Better Business Bureau. @John Helfer, I'm feeling the same way. During the funding period the Creator's attitude was, "You people are awesome. I'm really grateful to have your support for this important project." However, as soon as the campaign ended, the updates are sounding more like, "Stop bugging me already! I have more important things going on in my life than fulfilling backer rewards. You'll get them when you get them, alright?" That's it? Your update is basically that you are too busy to fulfill your pledges? You weren't too busy to run and complete another campaign last month. Perhaps that's why you ran it under a different account name? You've collected nearly $8,000 for this campaign and it sister campaign, The Fifth Element. It's time to start offering refunds, not excuses. sorry to advertise another project in here but this project I really hope gets funded its pretty much a must for card collectors as it allows you to display all your decks in a cool way <url>"Overall" usually means "not yet". The statement was made that these were ready to print at the start of the campaign. That was back in April. 7 months ago. Questions that need answering in the next update, provided there is a next update. What is the status of the artwork? Is it finished? Sent to the printer? What is the printer's ETA? What is a realistic and honest ETA for fulfillment? The delays and late fulfillment are not the reason for my ire. The lack of transparency and communication are. Has this deck even been printed yet? When you say "Overall design of the deck is finished," it sounds like you haven't even sent the final artwork to the printer yet. Is that true? Is there even a remote chance that rewards will be shipped before the end of the year? Please answer Daniel Leonard. Nearly six months since this was funded. Over two months since the last update. I am now receiving multiple decks I pledged for that funded months after this campaign. What the heck is going on with this? Please respond to John Helfer's question. six and a half weeks since the last update and we are entering the last week of October. Is this still on for October or is there another delay? The last update was a bit ambiguous. When are these supposed to ship? The end of September is fast approaching. When does shipping start? When does shipping start? I haven't received a survey either? any news? everything going ok ? havent been sent anything about the backer kits? Any chance we can get an update? Excellent :-) Congrats! I came back to up my pledge for the Royalty Print (plus a plastic deck) and BLAM! Pledge goal achieved! First time I ever did that. Yay! Dice addon! 4 dice...4 elements. Would be perfect!!! O and please make a nice Zodiac deck soon! Check out 1z playing cards theyre awesome. Yours could be a more colourful style compared to his elegant minimalistic feel. Any chance of upgrade card stock stretch goal? Or exclusive KS card SG ? Ok, I'm in for a pair. I like that these aren't complex for complexity's sake. While it is true that less can be more, it is equally true that more can be less. Striking the balance between the two can be the devil. You've struck a good balance IMHO. Just one question. Are you planning add ons? How heavy is a mini metal poster (5x7)? I'm not fond of nail holes in my house, but I got a fridge that could use some color. I just need to know how powerful a magnet I need to keep ______ pounds aloft. LOVE this artwork, AlieN InK!!! @AlieN InK Thanks for your answer, it's pleasure to have feedback - For the font, I have just made a fast research. Maybe other fonts are most appropriate, but your answer is cool :) - For the side pips, I'm afraid to don't understand the "tribal feel" concept, but why not. It will be more clear with another preview :) . The most annoying for me is maybe the gradient effect (because this effect is not on the rest of deck) I'm still curious and impatient to have this in my hands, good luck, I cross my fingers :) Hi and congrats for this project. The artworks and pips are very cool. I have just some questions. - Is it the final font for the card value ? This font is cool but not coherent with the pips. Have you try fonts like "Kaushan Script" or "lobster" by Pablo Impallari, "Salsa" by John Vargas, "Oleo Script" by soytutype fonts, ... ? This others fonts have the same spirit of your pips (a solid line) - Why earth's cards and water's cards have values in black and not in blue like their pips ? - Why have you add a semi-pips on the middle of the cards ? In "Galaxy Cards Infinity Edition" it's for indicate the pips clear way. But for "element deck" we have already the pips in the top corner. Good luck for the rest of the project and I hope my questions were constructive Really like the clearness of the fanned pips. Nice dedication too! Curious: the first time I tried to comment it said I wasn't a backer. Must be a hiccup in KS? I'm thinking that this should be done with Expert PCC - have you been in touch with them, J? I have contact information if you need it. (then again, I haven't read the page yet, so maybe I'm barking up the wrong tree?) US PCC has so many projects backed up right now it's not even funny: even people like Jackson that work for them is just now shipping his project that was funded way back in early December. I'll go read the rest of the page, now. Probably should have waited until I did to comment... Looks like a successful launch hour! Well done and all the best for the next 29 days. :o) Glad to see this launch. Looks amazing as always. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.