Timelapse+ : what is it? Featured on engadget.com! The Timelapse+ is first and foremost an intervalometer, or timer device, for automatically triggering SLR cameras. It is very powerful and flexible for doing time-lapse photography. Beyond that, it will have Low-Energy Bluetooth for connecting with accessories, including newer smartphones. It can interface to Canon, Nikon, Olympus, Sony, Pentax and Minolta SLR cameras and more (as long as they have a connection for a cable release). The adaptor cables plug in to a 2.5mm jack on the Timelapse+ device. The adaptor cable for the camera you specify will be shipped with your device. Click here for the latest list of supported cameras. What you see in the pictures is a prototype. The name has changed since the prototype you see in the photos, and the final design will be injection molded with black ABS plastic. It's still in development, so there's more features yet to come! Have ideas? Let me know! Be sure to check back often for updates and more videos and photos as the development continues! After the project is complete, you can find out more and buy the device from <url>“auto-guided” mode, where the Timelapse+ controls the rate of the ramp based on the relative light meter reading from the start. The result is a very smooth ramp. Check out an example of it in action here: <url>“auto-guided” aspect of it, you can also specify a “Night Target”, which is an absolute exposure value which the Timelapse+ will ramp to when once it’s too dark for reliable light meter readings, ensuring a predictable outcome. And a video tutorial on setting it up: <url>’m still working on perfecting night-to-day auto bulb ramps with the new algorithm. It’s actually a bit more challenging with this new method. The new firmware also adds lots of other improvements, including the ability to self-correct from most USB errors. After struggling to eliminate occasional errors, I finally realized that some are inevitable (and even occur when using Camera Control Pro or EOS Utility from a computer) and changed my approach to try to better detect and manage errors. You can find the new release (20140101) here: firmware.timelapseplus.com . I recommend upgrading — the only thing that is preventing me from making this release the new “stable” version is that night-to-day auto bulb ramp is not yet working properly, so unless you need that specifically, you should upgrade. The new algorithm replaced the old auto bramping one in firmware release 20131202, and this new update adds some minor improvements to it. 2. Introducing fotoClient! Since even before the launch of the Timelapse+ kickstarter campaign, I’ve been working with a team to create fotoClient, a beautiful, intuitive business management tool for photographers (and by photographers!). As a wedding photographer myself, this has been a dream (and need) of mine for some time, and it’s so exciting to finally be close to launch. It’s been 5 years since the original idea and now over two years in the making. Here’s an invite from the fotoClient team: Over the last two years, our fotoClient team has been hard at work developing a tool that would seamlessly integrate all of the features and functionality that photographers need to run their business more efficiently and effectively. Late nights fueled by coffee and adrenaline, interview after interview with photographers both local and national, testing, testing and more testing—it’s all led up to our announcement of the beta launch of fotoClient. For now, we are inviting a limited number of beta testers to sign up for fotoClient free of charge, both to establish a strong community of users as well as to gather feedback and insights to make the platform all that it can and should be. We’re hoping that together, you can help us create the future of photography business management so that photographers around the world can spend less time running a business and more time capturing the world around them through beautiful photography. Please check us out on at <url>° view of the horizon for time-lapse! Here's a photo from the roof (sorry, it was just taken with my phone): And in other news, I just received my Nikon D3100 today so I'll be able to do better testing with Nikon and I'm hoping to have full bulb control working via USB alone within a week or so for newer Nikon cameras. Tomorrow morning I will finalize ordering the last of the parts for the next batch and will post another update soon when I have a manufacturing completion date scheduled. Thank you everyone for your patience while we get settled in and I get caught back up on communication and support. Elijah Focus Stacking! This feature is available for Canon EOS cameras that have a liveview mode. It will be coming soon for Nikon. When connected via USB to a compatible camera, the feature can be accessed via Trigger-&gt;Focus Stack. More documentation on this new feature coming very soon. For info on how to assemble a focus stack sequence with PhotoShop, see <url>"beta" status and after they been out in the field a few days, I'll either change the status or fix any bugs that came up. That way, if you're depending on it for production use, you can wait and get the stable releases. I'll also setup a twitter feed for new firmware notifications. I don't have it set up yet, but I'll announce in an upcoming update. Right now, you can always check for the latest firmware at <url>#videos Roadmap Going from here, besides keeping up with any issues and furthering camera compatibility (which at the moment is the main priority), here are some features on my list to add: ND Filter Support (Add/Remove) Manual ISO change for bulb-ramping with cameras not supporting USB Interval Ramping (with keyframes!) Focus stacking (like HDR, but with focus) Focus ramping via keyframes So as you can see, there's lots of room to grow! No promises as to when they will be implemented... Thanks! Thanks again for your support, patience and encouragement -- it's been an exciting project and there's still a lot to look forward to ahead! Elijah Hey everyone! Still making steady progress here -- we have auto bulb ramping! Thanks for your patience with the wait! One of the slow parts was that I needed to learn about the I2C protocol for communicating with the light sensor chip. Once I dove into it, it really wasn't as intimidating as it first seemed... Bulb-ramping (or bramping) is the process of changing the shutter duration gradually over time, for example, in order to fade the exposure from a sunset into stars. I have a new page on bulb-ramping here: <url>"Shutter" setting has been replaced with "Tv", and offers a a list of values 1/3 stop apart that match and extend the familiar range of shutter speeds The range for HDR settings (Tv, Bracket, Exposures) is dynamically limited based on the possible shutter speeds (which are automatically extended when a compatible camera is connected via USB) Bulb-ramping keyframes are now defined by time since start and stops +/- relative to the starting exposure, and the range is dynamically calculated as with HDR * USB control for Canon EOS cameras (Nikon and more to come next!) Bulb-ramping can automatically change ISO on Canon EOS cameras HDR can use high shutter speeds on Canon EOS cameras * Auto-repeat for Up/Down buttons * Default BT behavior now configurable in Settings Power-saving -- only discoverable from Connect-&gt;BT (default) Discoverable -- always ready to connect at any time. Uses slightly more power but is convenient. * Half-press can be disabled in Settings * Saved programs can now be renamed/deleted * Bulb Offset adjustable in Settings (this is like x-time from the Little Bramper) Fixed: * IR timing improvements -- should resolve several issues with IR * BT stability improvements * Numerous minor bug fixes Important Note: because of the major changes, the saved settings and programs will all be reset to defaults upon upgrading, so be sure to setup it up again afterward ( <url>äumle, we have an iOS app for the Timelapse+ (BT version)! Here's the link: <url>"Connect" from the main menu and then select "Bluetooth" (the Timelapse+ is now "Discoverable") On the iOS device, open the Timelapse+ Remote app Tap the screen to take a photo; Tap and hold for bulb exposure! The low $0.99 price helps support Max, who's graciously put a lot of time into this. Additionally, he's also packaged up a nice open-source SDK for those interested in digging into it themselves: <url>"Tutorials" section on the right sidebar. As time permits, I'll continue to add to the documentation and firmware. I've also included with this update a video that demos the bluetooth remote feature that was recently added to the firmware. Firmware Updates We'll keep rolling out updates as bugs are found and fixed and features are added. The firmware is still considered to be in a beta state, and releases will be frequent. When the firmware is more mature, the releases will be less frequent. When time permits, a custom app is planned to help streamline the upgrade process. I'm also working on a tutorial video to help with it, and will eventually tackle Windows 8, though as of yet it's not officially supported. You can get the latest firmware (20121114) here: <url>"Trigger" menu -- right now just via IR or cable -- more to come Time-lapse status screen -- see what's happening while a time-lapse is running And it also addresses several bugs, including the following: Bulb mode via IR Panasonic support IR support for makes other than Canon (was crashing, but still not fully tested) Here's the new firmware update page: <url>"packing party". So I've been getting a flood messages with the same question -- "When will mine ship?". Of course everyone's eager to get theirs ASAP! In an attempt to answer that question, here's our shipping strategy: We're trying to do it in order of purchase, so the earliest backers get it first, followed by the preorders. This isn't perfectly how it goes -- we print the packing lists in batches of 100, so the earliest backer might end up anywhere in the first hundred. Also, we've only done a few international ones so far -- I'm still working out the best workflow for customs, etc, but that will be a priority this next week. Here's our rough schedule right now: Early Domestic Bluetooth Backers Early International Bluetooth/Non-Bluetooth International Backers Early Domestic Non-Bluetooth Backers Etc... I know everyone wants theirs ASAP, and I know you've all waited so long, but we'll keep them coming as fast as we can and beyond that I can't offer much more... So far it looks like we're doing 200+/week, but I expect (and hope!) for that to significantly pick up yet. Thanks for your patience! Elijah Here's a firmware update which fixes a few bugs: <url>"off" state), there have been 5 more prototype versions! Here they all are in a line (note that I borrowed the LCDs from some of the early ones): The left-most one is the one that shipped to the prototype backers (I think I forgot to mention earlier that the facility making them accidentally plated them in gold!). The rest are silver plated (RoHS compliant). And the right-most is the one that will be produced and shipped! It's such a relief to finally be past this stage! It's kept me really busy lately -- the dates the above prototype boards were ordered are: 3/29, 5/30, 6/11, 6/18, 6/27, 7/3. And that's not counting the prototypes made prior to all these! In a way, I did begin to enjoy the assembly of the prototypes -- and I got a bit faster at it, with the last one only taking 1 hour and 50 minutes to populate and solder the board. In the original promotional video, you see the solder reflow -- that was done on an electric stovetop, which was fast and easy, but tended to burn things too easily. Now I'm using a hot-air station from Sparkfun, which I love. The time-lapse video below was made with the 6/27 prototype while I assembled the 7/3 prototype. I don't plan to do any more of this for the Timelapse+, so I thought I better record it! <url>"Save". Payments: Note that if you make changes that require additional payment, you'll need to click "Save" before the system will update the payment link. Also, the backer portal won't register the payment until it is approved by Amazon, which usually is immediately, but occasionally can take as long as 24 hours. So if you don't see it update, don't pay again -- wait until it either updates or you get a message from Amazon saying it failed. If you think you've overpaid, let me know and I'll be happy to send you a refund. Two Devices: If you pledged for the reward with two Timelapse+ devices, you have the option to get a different adaptor cable for each one (two cables are included). I recently updated the code to make this more clear in the backer portal. Stats: So far, we've had over 500 people update their info (thanks!) and almost 40 upgrades to Bluetooth -- this leaves only 3 more available as of this posting! Since a couple bugs at the beginning, the backer portal has been running smoothly. Let me know if you have any trouble. Other Development Well, despite the delays, I'm must say I'm very happy with the product overall, and development is going well. All the prototype iterations are letting me test everything very thoroughly. One exciting new feature is that I made a small improvement to the firmware that allows it to have internal millisecond resolution for the timing. I think this will be important for bulb ramping, which I will be implementing as soon as the hardware is sent to production. In the picture you see the latest two prototypes with the newest on the right. The rubber bands around the screen are just to hold the battery on to make it more easy for me to handle and test. Again, I'll keep you updated. I'm very sorry about the delays, but I'd be much more sorry about a bug in the final product, so this is the best that can be done. Thanks for hanging in there with me! Well, as I said in the last update, the schedule was dependent on the next prototype passing all the tests. Unfortunately, it didn't pass perfectly enough -- it's a definite improvement, and the power issues have been fixed, but the fix introduced a new error (I needed to add a diode, since when the system was charging, some current was leaking backward confusing the charger). I've tested the new fix on my current board, so I'm confident I have it fixed, but nevertheless, I'm making yet another prototype before production just to confirm all is well. So this pushes the schedule back a week again as I make and test a new prototype. I've already made all the changes to the circuit and ordered new boards and parts, and they will hopefully arrive Friday. The good news is that I'm more confident than ever that this will be a very robust and finished product. The battery life issues are completely fixed and the hardware platform is proving to be very stable and reliable. I've included a picture of the latest prototype (the one I made last week). I unplugged it from the charger on Saturday morning and haven't charged it at all since, and it's still nearly 100% charged! Another nice new feature is that it's possible to do a hardware reset by pressing the top two keys and the down key at the same time (it's like Ctrl-Alt-Delete). So I'm sorry to make you wait another week! But know you're getting a great product and I'll keep you posted as things progress. Thanks, Elijah Well, I think I've finally got a schedule for the production figured out! Unfortunately, the prototypes have an issue with power management that limits battery life, so I'm making one more prototype to test those changes before committing the design to production. This is the 9th iteration of the design since the beginning (what you saw in the original video was the 3rd). I was hoping and trying hard to avoid this, but unfortunately this will delay shipment from the original estimate. The original plan was to ship the non-bluetooth ones in May, and the rest in June, but I'm behind by a few weeks. I've ordered a small set of boards to test what should be the final design (finally!). They should arrive on Wednesday, June 6th, and I'll assemble and test them right away. Assuming all goes well, I'll commit the design for production the following Monday, June 11th. Production takes 3 weeks, so I should received the assembled Timelapse+ devices the first week of July. I'll then ship them out just as fast as I can! The only variable that I foresee would be if there's still an error in the current design. This would set it back about 10 days to run one more iteration of the prototypes. Part availability won't be a problem since most have already been ordered (and received!). I'm pretty confident of the latest design, so I do't expect this to be an issue. Also, as I've been busy trying to finalize and perfect the design in the last several weeks, I've had to put the "backer portal" aside. This is now moving up the priority list and I hope to have it ready by the end of next week. This will let you update your shipping address, upgrade to bluetooth, and review/modify your adaptor cable choices. I'll post an update again when it's ready. So, to reiterate: I'm very sorry -- they'll be late. But not very late -- you can expect them the first or second week of July. Thanks for your patience and understanding. I'm putting everything I've got into this. Here's where things are at: The prototypes have been shipped! Yay! All of the long-lead parts have been ordered and I already have them in hand. The rest of the parts will be ordered in the next week The Backer Portal should be release next week Production should begin June 11th During production I will be adding the remaining features to the firmware (e.g., Bulb Ramping!) Shipping should begin the first week of July And thanks again for all your support! Together we've made this project more than I ever dreamed it could be when I first posted it on Kickstarter. Thank you! We're almost there! Elijah It's a little premature, but I wanted to get this out before the weekend -- so I apologize in advance if the instructions are difficult to follow (don't worry, the whole process will get easier eventually, and a mac version will be posted in the next week or so). The firmware has some overall enhancements which I don't have time to cover in detail here, but the main thing is that you have two options for the bulb mode: 1. Standard -- holds shutter button fully pressed for the duration of the bulb exposure (default) 2. Momentary Toggle -- Briefly presses the shutter button at the beginning and again at the end of the exposure. This seems to be necessary for the way the bulb mode of the Nikon D90 (and perhaps others) works. Links If you DON'T have the Java Runtime installed (or are unsure): <url>"backer portal" where you can manage your orders and update your addresses, and I hope to get it done this week still, but the prototype production will take precedence since I'm a bit late on those already. Thanks for your patience! I think it will be worth the wait -- there have been a lot of improvements and I'm really excited about the final result. Check out this video overview: <url>#3. These are the cable names you will use when responding to the survey I'll send out at the end to find out which cable(s) everyone needs. Extra cables are $10/each, so if you would like more than one cable, just adjust your pledge accordingly and the survey at the end will sort it all out. The first cable is of course included. Cables: The C1 cable connects to the following cameras: Canon EOS Rebel XT, XTi, XSi, T1i, T2i, G10, G11, G12, 1000D, Rebel T3, T3i, T2, T2ixt, XS, 300D, 350D, 400d, 450D, 500D, 550D, 600D, 1000D, 60D Canon Powershot G10, G11, G12 (lacks BULB mode) Contax N, 645 Pentax K-5, K-7, K-m, x70, X90, K200d, K20d, K100D Super, K10D, K110D,K100D, *ist DL2, *ist DS2, *ist DL, *ist DS, K2000 Samsung GX-1S, GX-1L, GX-10, GX-20 The C3 cable connects to the following cameras: Canon 5D, 7D, 5D MarkII, 50D, EOS-1V/1VHS, EOS-3, EOS-D2000, D30, D60, 1D, 1Ds, Canon EOS-1D Mark II,III,IV, EOS-1Ds Mark II,III, EOS-1Dx, EOS-10D, 20D, 30D,40D The N1 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon N90s, F5, F6, F100, F90X, D1, D1H, D1X, D2, D3, D2Hs, D2X, D2Xs, D200, D300, D700, D800 Kodak DCS-14N Fuji S3 Pro, S5 Pro The N2 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon D70s, D80 The N3 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon D90, D5000, D3100, D7000, D5100 The P3 cable connects to the following cameras: Olympus E-5, E-3, E-1, E20 The S1 cable connects to the following cameras: Sony A850, A500, A300, A33, A560, A350, A200, A35, A55, A65, A77, A580, A900, A700, A550 Minolta Maxxum 7D, 5D, 7, 5, 4, 3, 9xi, 7xi, 5xi, 807si, 800si, 700si, 600si, 505si The P12 cable connects to the following cameras: Olympus SP-510 UZ, SP-550 UZ, SP-560 UZ, SP-565 UZ,SP-570 UZ, SP-590 UZ, E400, E410, E420, E450, E510, E520, E600, E620, E30, E-P1, E-P2, E-P3, E-PL2, XZ-1 The P1 cable connects to the following cameras: Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX1S, DMC-GX1S, DMC-GX1, DMC-GX1XS, DMC-GH2, DMC-G3, DMC-GF1C, DMC-GH1, DMC-GH2S, DMC-GH2, DMC-FZ150, DMC-G1, DMC-FZ100, DMC-G10, DMC-G1A, DMC-G1R, DMC-G2A, DMC-G2, DMC-G2R, DMC-TS2A, DMC-TS2D, DMC-TS2S, DMC-TS2Y Note regarding Panasonic: the 2.5mm port is shared with the microphone input on the Panasonic cameras. The Timelapse+ emulates Panasonic's DMW-RSL1 ( <url>~3ms connection setup time (compared to 6 seconds for pairing conventional Bluetooth) Lower latency Cons: Limited support from existing devices (currently only the iPhone4S) Slightly more expensive (but it won't change the price for backers!) So I've decided that Low-Energy Bluetooth is the best form of a wireless interface for the Timelapse+. Being a cutting edge technology, the LE module is about 40% more expensive than the original module, but it still fits within the budget for the Bluetooth version of the Timelapse+, meaning the advertised price of $129 will not change (until after Kickstarter). I'm now planning on using the BR-LE4.0-S2A module from BlueRadios. Thanks again for your support! I'm excited to make the Timelapse+ the best possible! Adaptor Cable Support For the most recent, please see: <url>"backer portal" where you can adjust your pledge, reward and shipping address as needed. Hopefully it will be ready within the week, but I'm also working on the prototypes right now, so we'll see. For now, though, don't worry about it. Thanks! @Bernie, there should be a question right below the cable option list where you can list additional cables (just type the name of the additional cable you need, e.g., C1). Thanks! @Christopher -- yes, there are places to get the cables -- I'll be posting them on <url>#6 for details on the cables. $10 for extra cables -- I'm due to post another update about the cables, too -- I'll be grouping the cameras by cable type, so you'll be able to know which cables you need. I'll also post a picture of each cable. Thanks! Thanks guys! The case will have a 1/4-20 mount on the back, as well as a lanyard loop in the top corner. And it will be weather-resistant as-is, too. Thanks! It's coming along well! I was planning on posting an update last week, but the last week and a half have gone right by with no productivity -- we just had our first baby on Monday! So it's amazing and wonderful, but not helpful for getting work done! Anyway, today was my first productive day in a while, and I finished the hardware design for the next prototype (my goal had been to finish this last Monday, but as long as I rush-ship it, we're still on track for deadlines). I'll be ordering the new PCBs tomorrow and post a real update soon. Thanks everyone for the amazing support! Thanks Craig! Paolo, Bulb and auto-bulb raming will be available in the final product. And even if the implementation isn't perfect upon shipment, the firmware can be updated via USB by the user. Thanks for your support! Elijah Callum, thanks for your support! Both versions support connecting to the camera with an adaptor cable that connects to the camera's remote shutter port (in addition to IR). The added option of Bluetooth is achieved just with an extra module that's a drop-in solution, so the general design for both is exactly the same, and I don't expect Bluetooth-related delays to come up. A membrane keypad is a good idea. I am working on getting something like that for the top. It would not only be better for durability and looks, but it should actually be better economically, too, now that the quantities are so high (Thanks, backers! This is going to be a great product!). What you see in the prototype is just laser-cut, but it's still sealed from below. Thanks! Elijah Thanks! I can't make any promises yet, but I do hope to make a bluetooth-controlled dolly to go with the Timelapse+ in the near future. It could be a while yet, though. First I have to complete this project! Yes -- for the prototype I just order the screws from McMaster and it was the only option I found for that size screw for plastic. When ordering the real thing I'll have a lot more options available to me since I'll be ordering in much larger quantities. The final ones will black and hopefully countersunk (in the prototype, the faceplate is just lasercut, which is more difficult for countersinking. I'm planning to make the faceplate injection molded for the final product, so adding a bevel for countersinking the screws will be easy.) Roman -- I've been planning some sort of a seal as well, I'm just not sure the best approach yet. A plug that fits in the usb port would be the simplest option, but I'd still need to attach it to the case so it doesn't get lost. I'm also thinking maybe just a big rubber plug the clips along the whole bottom (since I'll have an aux port there as well now). Thanks for your support! Michael, I've got that on the list of features to add! I don't know if it wil be ready by the time the device ships, but it will be in the firmware at some point. It is currently supported by the hardware, though. My main focus right now is perfecting the hardware -- once that's done I'll move on to adding all the fun feature to the firmware. And being open-source, others will be able to expend the features as well. The source will be released by the time the devices ship. Yes, though I'm actually planning on making a bluetooth-controlled dolly after this, so that it can easily be setup and controlled by the bluetooth version of the Timelapse+. But yes, one could also always use the aux output (which will be two-channel, so it could control an X-Y crane or anything...) Chris: No problem. I realize that projects often go past the estimates. I placed the estimated shipping times farther than I thought necessary to give some extra room, and so far I'm on schedule, though it's very early. The current prototype demoed at the launch of the project is the 3rd hardware iteration, and the 2nd in the current form factor, so many details have already been worked out. The next revision will be adding some features, so the possibility is there that it will need corrections but there's time for yet another revision before production begins. Currently, I'm finalizing the design for the next prototype, for which I'll order the PCBs on the 28th. They'll take about 10 days, and then I can assemble and test them. If they pass all the tests, they'll be the ones then shipped to the early prototype backers. If they fail, it sets me back two weeks, while I make another revision -- and there's still time for this. So whether it takes just one more revision, or two, the project will remain on schedule. If it takes more than two (I sure hope not!), the delivery could be delayed by a couple weeks. Hopefully that helps! I'll keep everyone updated as progress is made. You can expect an update on the next prototype by mid-February. Michael, I've been getting a lot of requests for that one! So, yes, I think I'll add another 2.5mm 3-conductor jack on the bottom near the USB socket. Thanks! Hi Benni! Wow, thanks! Anyway, I'm still developing the final design for the bluetooth and will announce the specs later this week, but it should be around 10ms or so. Regarding the power supply -- it's internally running at 3.3v. I have yet to optimize the firmware for power-consumption, but I don't see why it couldn't go for days without a recharge. I'll test it out this week. One of the things though is that I can divide the system clock frequency, so to extend battery life when not connected to USB I plan to significantly slow it down (but without it being noticeable). Right now it's running at 16Mhz, but 1 or 2Mhz should be sufficient. I've got some testing and fine-tuning yet to do with all that. Anyway, all that to say I really don't have a clear idea of the battery life just yet. I want to stick with the internal lithium battery, though, because it keeps the design simple and flexible -- you could always have a power pack that takes AAs and powers the USB to extend the life. And in that case the internal battery can be like a giant capacitor so you can change the batteries when necessary without interrupting anything. But when that's not needed, the internal battery keeps the device simple and easy to maintain. As for additional inputs and outputs, I'm trying to limit the scope to the main features (this has to do with meeting the timeline, for one thing), and my original thought was to have unlimited options for accessories via the bluetooth interface. Thanks everyone for the comments and suggestions! I'll keep posting updates as development continues. And again, thanks for the support! Elijah Josh, the main factor in compatibility is whether or not the camera supports a remote release cable. Most SLRs do, but most Point-and-Shoots don't. IR should also work fairly universally, but I have no way of testing compatibility at this time beyond those mentioned in the project description. Panasonic DSLRs should work -- I'll be posting an update with a compatibility chart later this week now that I've done more research. Thanks again for your support! John, I've given a lot of thought to the power supply, and my original design was the AAA batteries, but due to the form of some of the components standard batteries would make it a bit bigger, and also it would be more difficult to the case. The built-in battery should last a long time (the exact time is yet to be determined), but at 400mAh it should be a while. Cold could shorten the battery life significantly, but it can also be charged (or externally powered) while running via usb port. Since the USB charging system is very universal, you could even use things like this with it: <url>" adapters out there already, so with the 1/4" idea, hotshoe is still a possiblity... Sounds good! Thanks! That's a good point, Don -- I'll just have to be sure I have the depth in the case -- things are pretty full in there! It would be cleaner, though, and you can always get adapters for the hot-shoe -> tripod mount, too. Thanks! Yes, that's a great idea, Don -- I've been thinking of either that or a hotshoe mount on the back -- do you think the 1/4" tripod mount would be more versatile? Anyone else have thoughts on that? Thanks everyone! Yes, I'm blown away by the response so far! And yes, I'm making plans to ramp things up! Thanks for your interest! Yes, weather-resistance is in the plans -- the prototype is already weather-resistant (keys, screen) except for the ports, but I plan to seal them from the inside so at least any water won't go all the way inside. So yes, not really waterproof, but weather-resistant. Where can we source replacement cables? Specifically for the Panasonic Lumix G-series cameras. I finally assembled (compiled? created? stitched? stuck together?) the shots I took from my first ever attempt at a timelapse: <url>"attach" the TL+ to the camera. Should have used the word "attach" before, sorry. TL+ arrived, charged, tested, all works fine (I now have a timelapse video of leaves rustling in the tree outside my house.....) @Tom: I used the supplied cable to connect from TL+ to the remote shutter port on my Canon EOS 40D. Don't know about Bluetooth... Woo! My Timelapse+ arrived in my mailbox Down Under today, nearly 2 weeks after the "It's been shipped" email. I'm charging the battery now - can't wait to start using it. Has anyone attached their Timelapse+ to their camera? If you did, how? Pictures? Do all the devices sent to the backers have Bluetooth internally? I'm trying to decide if I have a loose connection in the cable socket. Seems like it works when the cable is rotated one way, but not another. I shall continue experimenting, and use both ends of the cable, to see if there is a pattern. Mine has arrived but I cant read the screen, anything I'm missing here, or is this one a repair job? Still no shipment showing for me. I see people in South Korea have received theirs, I live no more then 60 miles from Elijah and I still don't have mine... When is final, final, final shipping? Were shipped to South Korea safely. Thank you very much. Would be well used. This user's account has been deleted. Received my Timelapse+ today! Really well packaged, final product looks awesome. Can't wait to try it out! Received mine this morning, great product and really nicely packaged. Well done. I just wanted to say thanks for the well organised Kickstarter, you've done really well keeping everyone informed of the process through the updates. I'd certainly back you again. Cheers. Good Day Elijah, I am writing this in hopes to start dialog regarding the Bulb Ramping feature. Once you have cleared the hurtle of getting the units produced and shipped I would like to speak in depth about the ramping needs of the timelpase community. I'm coming from over a year of "The Little Bramper" experience and I would like to share my thoughts. There are many Intervalometers out there with similar feature of the Timelapse+ but I believe a well implemented ramping feature can set it apart. I would like to see more that ramping from one shutterspeed to another over X amount of time. Being able to do aperture jumping effectively requires a lens profile that a user can enter F/stop variations between aperture settings (Its different for every lens and focal length). I have dialed in 3 of my lenses and have a chart I work off when aperture stepping. I have a few ideas to smoothly implement features to facilitate this. Thank you for your time and I hope this is as big of a priority for others as it is for me. Thanks Scott K. This user's account has been deleted. Just received shipping notice! Can't wait to get it in a few days. Thank you Elijah Parker!!! Just received my shipping notice, Thanks for all the updated and keeping everyone in the loop with the entire process. Can't wait to play and go bush with Timelapse+ :) Thanks again! Received my unit, thanks. But after charging 6 hours, all I can get it do do is fir screen to light up. No battery indicator, no menu, characters, nothing. Screen lights up blank, then switched off after a few seconds. Ideas? Received mine here in Canada yesterday. Looks great, much smaller than I thought it would be. Thanks for taking my suggestion to have a red backlight option in the unit, this makes it perfect for my astrophotography sessions now. I look forward to trying it out over the weekend. woo hoo hoo .same here (didn't got my mail jet, but look at this ->.. I just feel like its allready Xmas.. =) .. but will it be compatible with all my presents. Thanks so much Elijah.. still you and your Team should get a HUGE !!! hand here for your work. <url>"No" when it asked about that. I hope that was right. Hi, Elijah. I use a Canon Power Shot SX30 IS and wonder what's the appropriate cable for it. I won't be able to finish the survey until I have that information. Thanks Just filled out the survey also. Can't wait for my timelapse+....... Just filled out the survey - looks like the "Optional" questions are not optional :-), so I've put "none" in those fields (including the optional cables fields) Are there commercially available cables we can use in case we need replacements, or adapt to other cameras as the need arises? I need the Sony cable, but would like to pick up the cable for Canon as well. Hi Elijah, I have a question about additional payment for additional cables. How I can send you additional money to get two different data cabes (for Nikon and Canon)? Right now I should receive package only with one of them. Sincerely, Antony @sgllama - I understand that the Timelapse+ will have a USB host port, through which the picture could be fetched from the camera. @Simon Boucher - That same USB host port could also connect via a hub to an off-the-shelf modem. It's just a Simple Matter Of Programming. I was wondering the same thing sgllama. It is also a bit annoying having to put NA in all the optional fields to fill out the survey. But it's just a minor inconvenience for an awesome product. Elijah - Just received a survey, filled it in then realised it didn't have anywhere for name & address! Have I missed something obvious or has there been a boo-boo somewhere? @Simon Boucher : How were you expecting the picture to get from the camera to the Timelapse+ and thence to the modem? Super excited to get this! It looks awesome! Out of interest, do you have any idea on the water-resistant-ness of it yet? I'm sure it won't be waterproof, but if it ends up getting rained on, would the case handle that? Hey Elijah an awesome feature for Timelapse+ would be a 3G or 4G modem... so the device could upload photos to a FTP server as the camera takes them. The device will be awesome as is, but this feature would be cool in a future version. A little feature change in the firmware that I think could be useful would be the ability to set a beginning and ending interval that the Timelapse+ would smoothly change through throughout the duration. That way one could have the resulting time-lapse speedup or slowdown without having to try and do it in post. @Peter - I'm not sure how the whole EU Law thing has become the scapegoat for this. There is no law involved, just different import duties for different items. It is true that enabling more than 29m59s of recording would mean that the cameras would attract more import duty but only in the EU not anywhere else in the world and to be honest everyone I know would rather pay £200 more on an already expensive camera to have this. I think it has more to do with Canon not wanting to cannibalise sales of their video cameras. Canon make astronomy versions of some of their cameras which would have a far smaller target userbase than a video version of the 5dmk3 which would only require different firmware. Anyway... I do hope that there might be some way Timelapse+ could be made to circumvent this. It would be an amazingly cool feature. @Elijah - 48 hrs is plenty good enough for my use. The sort of tweaks to improve it I would say can come post-release. @Andi - fyi, the 29m59s limitation is dictated by EU tax law...of all things. Recording from 30m onwards puts a camera into a different taxing category that makes them more expensive - so thats the workaround. On Canon EOS the shutter-release doesn't trigger video recording so I don't think it will be functional on launch....but I'm hoping to have camera control later on via USB perhaps. :) Hi Elijah, Very excited about getting my units but I wondered something. I am lucky enough to be getting a 5dMk3 when they are released and like the mk2 it seems to have the fixed video recording limit of 29m59s. In the past with my mk2 I had to manually stop and immediately restart recording before the limit was reached. Is there a way the Timelapse+ could automatically re-trigger the camera to keep filming? I record 2 hour + concerts and to be able to automate this would be an incredible feature for me. Thanks for such an amazing device! I haven't got a survey regarding camera cable/s. has it been sent yet? If so, how do i retroactively enter my info? I know you have plenty on your plate, but any update on how long the unit will stay charged, assuming normal usage? You previous talked about some power-saving ideas in the firmware. I was interested in the approximate weight. Or even the range of weight since I have some unique applications which demand a lighter weight. Thank You So Much! Is there any possibility to work with the app linked here!! <url>"Manage Your Pledge" in the "project page" thanks I'm really hoping for your dolly project to show up next and use the Timelapse+ as the controller and be an improvement on the MX2 (maybe sharing code?). That'd be awesome as I'm really looking around for an affordable dolly... :) Graaaats! And what an incredible blowout of the original pledge goal! :) Now I just need to find a good programmable motorized track dolly before it ships! congrats all! Excited to have one soon! And now congrats for the 8+ time funding! Can't wait to see what the Timelapse+ will become... :) Congrats on the project - very well done and looking forward to playing with it. Would like to see the Auto Exposure Bracketing (for HDR) get into the firmware at some stage. When do you plan to have the source available, and how would one be able to contribute? Thanks! btw, best comment ever from Joyce Parker! It's going to have a tripod mount, and you can get tripod to hot shoe adapters. Just thought of something else... How about a detachable plastic hot-shoe mount to keep it in place instead of letting it bang around on a string or adding Velcro? I also found a dedicated lightning trigger that says it has a 0.1 ms response (lag) time. As long as yours is faster, it should work just fine. Thanks! Thanks for the fantastic reply! Wondering if the firmware could have a lightning mode built in? I'm sure it's something that could be added later on. I know you are just trying to get this done and to manufacture and trying to bond with your new baby. It would be a very nice feature that could attract more buyers considering the lightning units themselves go for way more than what you have asked for here. Keep up the good work, and congrats on that baby! Just want you to know, Elijah, I've been a fan for yours since 1982! Keep up the good work - your mom :) Christmas in June!!! Hopefully soon after this is launched the dolly will be in the works! The Minolta Maxxum 7000 can use the same cable as the Sony A900 so it should be compatible. I may have missed this in the comments but will it support partial pressing? Where a half-press uses the auto-focus and a full-press takes the shot (perhaps by a software selection.) This user's account has been deleted. What about an App for a computer to download/manage settings from the timelapse plus. Even if it just a simple import/export option for backup or transfer to another TLP. Hi Elijah I just signed up for this great device. Would it be possible to use 2 of them to link 2 cameras for stereo photos? If so, what sort of sync do you imagine there'd be? Thanks, Bill I think its a bit short as it says May and June (with and without bluetooth)... This user's account has been deleted. I just joined the backer list! I really love photography as a hobby and am very excited about this project. I hope the AUX port will allow for a lightning sensor to take some amazing photos. Not sure from the response I received whether the built-in light sensor will be able to accomplish this on it's own. I chose the model with Bluetooth, however I'm not sure I will ever be able to use that feature. I am extremely proud to be a supporter of such an ambitious and useful project. Looking forward to getting some great time lapse shots and possibly lightning photos. Congratulations! BTW, my camera is the Canon XSi. I really didn't mean to post the ML as a competitor, I think it's a nice feature that could maybe allow us to have even more flexibility (plugins?) while interfacing with Timelapse+, cheers! :D @RRRR, that is a superb find. i have a t2i, and there is a lot of functionality that this brings to the table that i'm dying to play with. @elijah, don't worry ... i'm not going to drop the project. :) though to be fair, i might have to drop my pledge down due to unforeseen financial constraints (read: the IRS can ... well ..... you understand). The ML bulb ramping interface is quite nice with an algorithm to calculate what the exposure is at. I have it running on my 5D2. I still backed this project because IMO an external device like this is better for reliability. C I thought this might interest some Canon users: <url>#id3 Will there be a way for the timelapse+, now or in the future, to communicate with other light meters like a Sekonic light meter? A useful feature may be the addition of a controllable relay output or auxiliary port so that other external devices can controlled. One example would be sending a signal to a motorised dolly so that it stops moving just before each timelapse photo is taken So, I know it says that via IR Timelapse Pro supports the NEX 5n, but do all features work such as HDR bracketing? Thanks, can't wait to use this, it will be a hot seller for NEX users as there is not a single intervalometer available for them worth mentioning. Not sure if I missed it, but the timelapse+ has interchangeable cables right? rather than buying an entire new unit for a different connector. Congrats on the new baby! (and congrats on reaching 100K, too!) :) Awesome! Hi If we wanted an additional cable for a different camera, how much should we add onto the pledge? I would love for there to be some sort of loop on the device to velcro it to a tripod(something like: <url>"Update #3: Compatibility Update". You will find there the 60D. While searching in Google for the 2ti i found links to the Rebel T2i. If you meant this camera, you will find it in the list of compatible cameras too. Regards, Benni Hi Elijah, Just a simple question: Would this work with my 60D or 2ti? Sorry to ask if this has been answered. Hi Elijah,a question, there is written in the project: BULB ramping - shift exposure smoothly during the timelapse (to be implemented) Auto BULB ramping based on the light meter (to be implemented). I am primarily interested in this development as the Little Bramper, I confirm that the device will you send me that these characteristics are present, thank you and good job! Paolo If you manage to create an affordable Timelapse+ controlled (bluetooth LE), 2-axis dolly (slide + rotate), it'd be the first in line... Cheers! ^_^ Hi Elijah, I read a review of your fantastic project on the site of Italian timelapseitalia.com, and I decided to support you. Would be very useful to control cable a dolly move-shot-move ... When you think you can receive it in Italy? Regards, Paolo First project I am backing, and damn excited. Elijah, As far as making the unit weather resistant may I ask (or suggest) a small rubber plug or seal for the USB port (since its likely will not be in use on location). Thanks! Looking forward to playing around with all the options! Sincerely, Roman This is the first project I have backed and I am really excited to use your device. Looking at the prototype, I have only one small comment - is it possible to countersink the screw heads on the top of the device, or do you have other attachment ideas planned? Best regards! Thanks for listening to my random thoughts, cant wait to try this out! Elijah I have been thinking about a time lapse project I have in the works when your devise pooped into mind. It has a light sensor in it right? would that be able to start and stop the time lapse? For example: If I wanted to do a multi day time lapse but only shoot during the day could it be set up to start up and shut down at a certain light level? Or am I getting way to complex. Thanks I second Micheal on being able to control stepper motors, being able to get the camera on a slider and having it stop-shoot-start(repeat) so you can do longer exposures on a slider. Elijah, I hope you don't mind a couple of design progress questions. 1. how far along are you in the design/prototype process? the reason i ask is because i've seen plenty of "tech" projects on KS with an estimated date of "X" month, only to get into the "first article" stage and find out that much revision is required, and have to push the expected delivery date to "X+3" month or longer. i'm planning an extensive road trip at the end of july/first half of august, and this device is *extremely* high on my list of priority items to have with me. I'm on board for the BT model. Really interested to see what type of iOS compatible trigger app/apps get made for this. Can't wait to play with it. Hi Elijah Looks like a great product can't wait to p;ay with one. Any thought on adding a second port that would possibly control a steeper motor like the ones found on Kessler crane pocket dollys or Dynamic Perception MoCo sliders? too [30 seconds] freaking [30 seconds] cool [30 seconds] Hi Elijah, thanks for the info. Without an external output i just had to change my pledge to get two devices ;-) How fast will be the bluetooth transfer from one device to another one? Do you know how many ms it will last to transfer a trigger event? Regards, Benni out of curiosity, given the movement toward battery incorporation in the form factor, do you know how long the battery will last? 400mAh is a great *number,* but in terms of hours of use, or maybe even in terms of shutter clicks, what would a 400mAh battery provide? the reason i ask is that, as i'm sure you know, time laspe series can be several hundreds, if not thousands, of images. one of my already-planned projects is traveling to moab, UT and capturing a timelaspe series of the night sky, hopefully capturing the rise of the milky way (or, as my daughter likes to call it, "the chocolate milk way". always makes me smile.) other considerations i'd like to try are 12- or 24-hour series of niagara falls from a tourist's perspective. either of these run the chance of depleting the battery well before the project has a chance to run its course. might a larger battery be considered? or is a 400mAh battery the largest capacity that will fit within your current form factor? in any circumstance, i'm super excited to get my hands on this. i HOPE that you can stick to the current may delivery schedule! i'm taking my trip the 3rd week in july. with what i've seen of other KS projects, these kinds of projects tend to slip a lot to the right due to any number of factors, so i'm not exactly holding my breath, but it sure would be excellent to have this by then. :) thanks elijah! have an awesome day. wrt the cold problem it'd be relatively easy given the form factor to wrap the device in some sort of insulation, eg: wrist band w/ a heat pack. a lot more so than wrapping the camera or using one of those wired remote battery messes that some cameras support. i too am more a fan of an AA battery or two (akaline, nimh or li) even with the larger chassis but i totally understand the design consideration. just curious, what voltage are you running at internally, is it 5v? I'm thinking about an extra programmable output to use this with a multiplexer to connect the Timelapse+ with more than one camera. This output could be useful to trigger other things too e.g. to get a photo of a falling item in time. Regards, Benni Are there any plans to expand the comparability range of the device to other caners such as Panasonic or other DSLR / Micro Four Thirds cameras? You've mentioned USB charging, but could you set it up so it is powered internally w/ some AA or AAA batteries I could swap out during a time lapse project in case I was concerned about running out of charge part way through? Perhaps have a capacitor in there to retain the settings while I'm changing batteries? I do a lot of winter photography here in Alaska and batteries always go low before you'd expect. If there isn't room inside (and you've already said it's pretty crowded in there) perhaps you could provide a hot power jack on the case so I could use an external battery pack and swap it out as needed. Also, a previous post for a small hole through the corner of the case is a great suggestion. I could string a loop of some fine cord or dental floss to hang it from a lanyard or hook somewhere so I wouldn't drop it (and lose it) in the snow. Thanks. It'd be cool if there was a mirror-lockup mode on the timelapse+. eg: when you have mirror lockup mode enabled, Canon (and a few others) make you trigger the shutter once to lock up the mirror and then again to trip the shutter. If a primary tripping of the shutter could be easily worked into the sequences by enabling/disabling the mode that could be helpful. Will this work with the Nikon D7000 and D5100? They do not use the Nikon "socket" input. Can't wait for this to come to fruition! Have to agree on the 1/4-20 and weatherproofing. I have been waiting for the right unit to come along and this is it! I have seen dozens of projects on Kickstarter where I thought "wow, thats a cool project. good lck to them" This is the first one that made me whip out my credit card before even getting to the end of the video. I wold also like to add that weatherproofing is very important to me as well (I saw some people mention it in earlier comments) Regardless, a 1/4-20 threaded mount would be ideal. Regarding attachment methods, I'm going with the camera assistant favourite, industrial strength self adhesive velcro. What about some kind of snap on holder that allows for different attachment methods? It would increase production cost but you could sell it separately as an accessory. I personally like the idea of attaching it to the camera hot shoe. Oh thought of another thing... Maybe a hole that goes through the case in one of the corners so a strap could be used to hang it. (Like the things point&shoot cameras or cell phones have) I'm thinking the socket would be better because it would basically be flush mount / clean when not in use. Having a cold shoe would make the physical design more 'messy' (not to mention something more easy to break) The socket would give the ability to connect it right on the end of tripod accessory arms, attach clamps, or someone could just buy a regular old bolt and then attach anything (like zip ties). What about adding a 1/4"-20 nut/socket (standard 'camera gear' size) the back of the case, to facilitate mounting? For example, I use ReallyRightStuff rails and brackets, so I'd be able to attach a <url>