A giant thank you to all of our backers for your incredible support! If you missed out on our Kickstarter project, go to www.touchfire.com to see what’s next. You can also follow us on twitter @touchfiretype and on facebook.com/touchfiretype to hear about our latest adventures. Cheers, Steve & Brad TouchFire makes your iPad feel like a normal keyboard! TouchFire puts the "touch" back into typing on an iPad. You can now feel where the keys are and rest your fingers on the home row, so you can type as fast and accurately as you can on a laptop. You can even type without looking at the screen. TouchFire cushions your fingers as you type, something both touch-typists and two-finger typists really appreciate. Typing on an iPad is no longer a pain! TouchFire is ultra-thin and weighs less than an ounce. It attaches to the inside of the iPad cover and folds with the cover, so you can always keep TouchFire with your iPad without it getting in the way. What People are Saying About TouchFire New York Times - "The keyboard is incredibly simple to use. Typing on it is like typing on a physical keyboard" Wired - "Two Seattle-based inventors have come up with an iPad keyboard that could dramatically alter the tablet keyboard landscape" FastCompany – "Turns the iPad into a true laptop killer" CNET – "The super-thin-and-lightweight TouchFire adds virtually no physical bulk" How It Works TouchFire fits right over the iPad's on-screen keyboard and is completely transparent, so you can always see the keys underneath it. TouchFire is soft and supple if you swipe through it horizontally, so you can easily select the special characters on the keyboard. Yet it is stiff enough vertically to allow you to rest your fingers on the home row keys without accidentally triggering the touch screen. At the same time it responds to typing with just the right amount of resistance and spring-back to feel like a lively and responsive keyboard. Amazing! When you want TouchFire out of the way, you simply fold it down. TouchFire's magnets keep it neatly folded below the screen. TouchFire also comes with a pair of cover clips, which help secure it magnetically to your iPad's cover. You also get a thin storage case, should you ever want to store TouchFire off your iPad. TouchFire Supports Both iPad 1 and iPad 2 As you saw in the video at the top of the page, TouchFire attaches to the iPad 2 using the magnets built into the iPad 2. TouchFire also works great with the original iPad. Here's a video showing how. Our Story Steve has been passionate about mobile computing since the early 90s, when he was one of the first employees at a Silicon Valley company called GO that made one of the world's first tablet computers. He also worked on Microsoft's first mobile operating system, Windows CE. Input (handwriting, typing, etc) has always been the biggest challenge for tablet computers, and those early systems were marginal at best. When Steve first got an iPad, he immediately realized that typing on it was better by leaps and bounds than anything that came before. But typing was still the iPad's weakest area. Steve became obsessed with finding a way to make typing on the iPad live up to its full potential. In the spring of 2010 he finally came up with the idea that became TouchFire. He built a conceptual prototype of TouchFire, and asked Brad, a mechanical engineer and product designer, to join the project. TouchFire was one of the most challenging design problems Brad has ever tackled. On one hand, TouchFire had to be thin, light and flexible enough to live in the iPad's cover. On the other hand, TouchFire's keys had to provide the proper force resistance to allow people to rest their fingers and type naturally. Brad figured out how to do this by inserting a series of micro-structures inside each key. You can't feel these micro-structures, but they contain carefully designed walls that provide the proper force resistance no matter how your finger strikes a key. The money raised through Kickstarter will enable us to fund our first production run and bring TouchFire to market. We are in the final stages of choosing our manufacturing partner, and plan to start shipping shortly after our Kickstarter campaign finishes. TouchFire Rewards The TouchFire Standard Pack includes a keyboard, a storage case and a pair of cover clips ... everything you need to use TouchFire with your iPad. We also have a special offer just for Kickstarter - the TouchFire Variety Pack. It includes: Two TouchFire keyboards, one black and one white Two storage cases 5 pairs of cover clips in colors that complement the iPad Smart Covers The Variety Pack lets you pick the colors you like best (and we'd appreciate you telling us what those are). Since the Variety Pack comes with two keyboards, you can also give one to a friend. Thanks for stopping by. Please help make our dream of bringing TouchFire to market come true! _________________________________________________________ TouchFire® is a registered trademark of TouchFire, Inc. Redmond, WA. All rights reserved. PATENT PENDING. Put the Touch Back into Typing™ and Screen-Top Keyboard™ are trademarks of TouchFire, Inc. iPad® is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc. Cupertino, CA. Big thanks to JedShare.com for video and still photography production. Cyber Monday will soon be here, so it's time for us to say thank-you with a truly exceptional Touchfire Cyber Monday Special. This is an exclusive offer for existing Touchfire customers only. What would make the ultimate Touchfire holiday gift? How about a Super Everything Bundle : The Bundle contains the following: Touchfire Case, Version 2 (Our newest case) Touchfire Keyboard Keyboard Storage Case 3-Pack of Wall Mounts That's a $125 value. Your price? Only $59.99 !This is by far the best price we've ever sold Touchfires at, so we will need to cap the offer at 5 units max per person. This deal will run through Monday, November 30th. To order, please go to: www.touchfire.com/SuperBundle Touchfire Wall Mounts are our newest product. Here's a video showing what they are all about: <url>’d like to tell you about our friend Laurens project – JUICIES+ . It’s a complete reinvention of the most fundamental phone/tablet accessory, the charging cable. The cable connectors are made out of anodized aluminum instead of plastic, so they’re durable, look fantastic, and match the color of your Apple device. But the best part is that the cable is covered in wire mesh, so they won’t knot or tangle up. Check it out. Touchfire for the iPad Air and iPad mini Retina Apple just announced the iPad Air (aka iPad 5) and the Retina iPad mini. We've been anticipating these products for quite some time, and the good news is that they are what we've been expecting. We just added rewards to our current Kickstater project for Touchfire for the the iPad Air, plus additional rewards for various combinations of keyboards and cases: If you are planning on getting an iPad Air or an iPad mini, or would like a case for your iPad 2,3,4 that works really well with Touchfire, we'd appreciate you considering backing our newest project! Crowd-Funding – Better Together! We’ve been talking with some of our fellow Kickstarter project creators about ways that we could really show our appreciation to all our previous backers and customers, as well as get our current projects to their stretch goals. And then it hit us – instead of doing things individually, let’s work together! First off, I’d like to introduce you to our friends, who all have amazing, innovative mobile accessory projects running right now: Auris Skye allows you to stream your music wirelessly to any existing iPhone speaker dock. The Skye plugs into the dock and pretends it’s an iPhone. Now you can have streaming music everywhere in your home. Check it out here . Une Bobine is a unique stand, sync, dock and charging cable. The cable is actually a flexible stalk that can bent into whatever shape you like. He even has a version for use in a car. It’s now available for the iPhone 5/5S. Check it out here . ChargeCard is a USB to Lighting connector that is the size of a credit card. They just came out with one that is the size of a house key! It fits on your key-chain like any other key, so it is always with you. They also have a version with a micro USB connector. Check it out here . Together, we decided to put on CrowdRaffle , an unprecedented crowd-funded product giveway sweepstakes. The winner gets all of our products, plus Apple’s latest devices – the iPhone 5S AND an iPad mini Retina or an iPad Air. There’s never been anything like this, but it shows what happens when crowd-funding goes to the next level. Please check it out and enter the sweepstakes. Then let everyone know about it! Touchfire Now Available in Europe We are very happy to announce that Touchfire is now available on Amazon UK , and will soon be found in other UK resellers. It is also available in Greece , and will be available in Italy on Amazon and other locations soon. As always, thanks for your support! Steve &amp; Brad iOS 7 and Touchfire As you probably know, Apple just released iOS 7, the latest iPad/iPhone operating system. iOS 7 is the biggest change to your iPad that Apple has ever made. We just finished testing Touchfire compatibility with iOS 7. Along the way, we found some issues with text readability, and fixes for those issues. We just published an article about all this; check it out: iOS 7 for iPad - Reading and Typing, Oh My! It is also written for people who don’t know about Touchfire, so we'd certainly appreciate it if you would share it with people you know via email, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Not to mention the rest of the world through sites like Reddit , StumbleUpon , Delicious , etc. Our New Kickstarter Project Is Off to a Great Start Our latest Kickstarter project , featuring custom iPad 2, 3, 4 cases for your Touchfire and Touchfire for the iPad mini launched last week. It reached its funding goal in 13 hours, and is now 50% overfunded. It has evolved substantially, and we just announced stretch goals. If you haven't seen it yet, by all means check it out ! The press has already started to take notice: Kickstarting: A Flexible Keyboard For The iPad Mini – Fast Company Touchfire 3D Keyboard Now Available for iPad Mini - TechnologyTell TouchFire Keyboard Overlay Unveils Update for the iPad Mini - Mashable We'd love you to join the fun and spread the word about our latest venture. Many thanks, Steve and Brad Hi, everyone. Its been two weeks since we started shipping Touchfires, and we've shipped about half of the Kickstarter Touchfires; over two thousand units. We are shipping in the order that people backed us. Our factory is ramping up production quickly, so it will probably take less than two weeks to ship the remainder. We have gotten lots of feedback and delivery acknowledgments; many thanks, keep 'em coming! Here are our general impressions of how its going. Overall, people really, really like typing on Touchfire! But there is a learning curve. For some people, it is just a few seconds. For others, it takes a few days to get used to it. We've created an interactive Typing Tutor Web application to help you get up to speed. It seems to be working well, but we'd love to get additional feedback on it. Go to www.touchfire.com/start with your Touchfire-enabled iPad and try it out. The biggest issue we've heard about so far is that Touchfire is sometimes too tacky or sticky when it first arrives. This is because a freshly manufactured Touchfire can sometimes be too clean! Silicone naturally attracts the microscopic dust particles that are everywhere, and we designed Touchfire to work well in that environment. The tackiness is a temporary condition that won't last very long. And normal cleaning with tap water will not cause the tackiness to return. On another topic, we are launching Touchfire the company today , and announcing general availability of Touchfire at www.touchfire.com . Of course, we will ship all Kickstarter Touchfires and all pre-orders before shipping new orders. We did send some Touchfires to journalists, and many of them will be publishing their reviews today. We have our fingers crossed! A Time Magazine review came out early this morning. It is asking Touchfire's Kickstarter backers to chime in with their impressions. The Time article is here: <url>"Touchfire news". Today should be a fun day. Please join us in celebrating what we've created together! Steve &amp; Brad Summary We started shipping Touchfire yesterday (June 28). Over 300 Touchfires went out to Kickstarter backers. We will be shipping hundreds of Touchfires every business day going forward. Details The final part of a project like Touchfire is completing the transition to manufacturing. Every detail, from the actual manufacturing and assembling of the product to the quality control procedures to timely shipping around the world needs to be handed off. We spent the last week down at our factory doing that. And now the hand off is complete. Here are some Touchfires that came off the liquid injection molding machine. They then go to an assembly line where the magnets are put in and the Touchfires are inspected and tested. Next, the Touchfires are packed out - that is, put into their packaging, along with the other pieces like the storage case and the cover clips to make a finished product. Finally, shipping labels are generated and the Touchfires begin their journey to you. Here we are with the first shipment: Everyone at the factory is pretty happy that we reached this milestone. We were able to get the Touchfire manufacturing team outside for a quick group photo. That's All Very Nice, But When Will I Get My Touchfire? We are shipping out in generally the same order that people backed us. They are now going out as fast as our factory can make them, but it will take a week and half to two weeks to produce all the Kickstarter units. Shipping should take between 4 and 8 days. So please be patient during the final part of the process. We would appreciate it if you'd drop us a line at <email> when your Touchfire arrives. We would really like to understand what actual shipping times are. We usually sign off by letting you know how much we appreciate the opportunity you have given us to bring Touchfire to life. Well, yesterday what you have done allowed Touchfire to go from a dream to a reality. Nothing beats that! We are still on track to ship out Touchfires by the end of this month; just a couple weeks to go. As we said in our last update, the biggest issue we faced was replacing all of our magnets. Well, the new magnets arrived yesterday; hooray! Our factory is now running 24/7 making Touchfire keyboards. First they will make all of the white Touchfires for the Variety Packs, and then switch over to making blacks. Here’s a picture of the clean room; notice that there are now large volume production tanks of liquid silicone attached to the injection molding machine instead of the small prototyping canisters seen in previous updates. You can also see Touchfire storage cases being made on the other side of the room. Now that the magnets have arrived, our factory can set up the assembly line to install the magnets and magnet labels into the keyboards. We’ve been busy working with them over the last few weeks building assembly and test jigs, developing quality assurance protocols, pack out procedures, etc, etc. This coming week will be devoted to getting everything set up and running smoothly. We should be running in high gear the week of June 25th, and expect to be shipping out Touchfires to you at the end of that week. International Shipping We have gotten a lot of feedback from our international customers about the high import duties that they have to pay when FedEx or UPS deliver a package. We have looked into this, and found an interesting shipping option from UPS called Mail Innovations. Under this program, UPS flies packages overseas using their normal cargo fleet, but they then hand the packages over to the local postal service for final mile delivery. The delivery times are similar to normal shipments, but the import duties are often significantly lower and less of a hassle, since they are charged at local postal service import rates and are collected by your local postal service. So, we will be using this service for most of our International customers. There are a few countries where the local postal service can be a little slow; we will ship using standard UPS service to those countries. In Summary... Thank you for sticking with us over the last few months. It has been quite a journey, and we are incredibly excited that we will be getting Touchfire into your hands shortly. Steve and Brad Summary The Good News: We signed off on Touchfire going into volume production; hooray! Our factory will start making Touchfires next week. The Bad News: We had to order 80,000 new magnets, and it will be about 4 weeks before they get here. More Good News: By the time the magnets arrive, the factory will have made a lot of Touchfires! Even More Good News: We were able to come up with a single version of Touchfire that works for all generations of iPads. In fact, we were forced to…. The Full Story Getting Touchfire into production has been a wild ride, but the last few weeks have been the wildest of all. Touchfire Released To Production As you might recall from our last update, we found that our magnets were not fitting into the completed Touchfire keyboards. We tried all the alternatives we discussed in the last update, but at the end of the day we needed to go with new magnets. The samples of the new magnets arrived today, and they fit great. So we gave the go-ahead to our magnet supplier to make 80,000 magnets. And then we released Touchfire for production in our Los Angeles factory. Needless to say, this was a big day! Our factory will now send our tools out for Teflon coating and anodization to get them ready for mass production. This will take about a week. And then they will dive into making lots of Touchfires. Three shifts a day, seven days a week. The magnets will arrive in 4-5 weeks. At which point our factory will have made all the Touchfires. They will then insert the magnets, seal up the magnet wells, and ship you your Touchfire. So, we are looking at shipping out your Touchfires by the end of June. iPad 3, Revisited We bought two iPad 3’s to test Touchfire on, and as we previously reported, quickly discovered that the polarity of the speaker magnet was reversed between the iPad 3 and the iPad 2. We switched the polarity of some of the magnets in Touchfire to match, resulting in a Touchfire version for iPad 2 and a different version for iPad 3. A few weeks ago, a friend came by with their new iPad 3 and we put Touchfire on it for a test drive. OMG! The speaker magnet in this iPad 3 was the same polarity as an iPad 2. What was going on here? We headed out to the Apple stores in the Seattle area with Touchfires in hand, and tested about 40 iPad 3s. We found that the iPad 3 speaker magnet polarity was completely random. This is pretty unusual for an Apple product, and it was feeling like a catastrophe for us. The iPad 3 version of Touchfire was dead unless we could find a way to make one version of Touchfire work for all iPads. So we went to work. We tried micro-Velcro, suction tape, etc. as alternatives for retracting Touchfire. But nothing worked as well as magnets. And then we hit on the answer. If we changed the size and power of the affected magnets in the chin, we could have a balanced solution that worked with both polarities of speaker magnets. And since we were ordering new magnets anyway, this solution would work out. So, there will now be just one version of Touchfire for all three generations of iPads. As always, thank you so much for hanging in there with us. Touchfires will be rolling off the assembly line at last! Steve &amp; Brad Hi, everyone. We got back our molds last week, and did some test runs of the keyboard. Overall, things are looking really good! We did find some issues, most of them cosmetic. But there were a few functional issues as well. So we took our molds back to the mold maker to figure out what was going on. And figure it out they did. They are now making what should be the *last* round of changes to our molds. We will be able to do our next set of test runs the week of April 23rd. So, we are now looking at starting to ship out Touchfires the week of April 30th. Thanks so much for hanging in there with us as we take the final steps to the finish line! -- Steve and Brad Shipping Update We will be shipping Touchfires to you the week of April 23! We will also be publishing more frequent updates as we count down to that week. Touchfire for iPad 3 Touchfire will be coming in two models – one for the iPad 2 and one for the iPad 3. Both of these models will also work with the iPad 1 . If you want the iPad 3 version, please tell us by April 9th – just send us a Kickstarter message or email us at <email>. If you want the iPad 2 version, you don’t have to do anything. The Details We are finally on the other side of getting Touchfire ready for mass production, and have dealt with some interesting and challenging issues along the way. Here’s a recap of what’s been happening over the last few months. Touchfire is composed of a soft, flexible keypad area connected to some hard pieces we call the ears and the chin. The chin is the main structural component of Touchfire. It provides rigidity, holds several magnets and anchors Touchfire in place on the iPad. The keypad area of Touchfire has been unchanged since January, when we made our first production test run. We are very happy with how the keys work, and that portion of the design has been completely frozen. The keypad is the heart of Touchfire, so we were thrilled to see how quickly it came together. This led us to believe that getting the rest of the design into production would also go relatively smoothly. Not quite what happened :-) The keypad is made out of silicone, and we were originally planning on making the chin and ears out of a hard version of silicone as well. That worked great for the ears, but we could never get the chin stiff enough. So in February we switched to a specially engineered injection-molded plastic that our manufacturer suggested. This turned out to be a wonderful material, very tough and durable, and it generally goes back to its original shape when bent. But changing material means a change to the manufacturing process; we have to build new chin and ear molds and modify the keypad mold to accommodate them. This takes us to mid-February. We are back down at the factory, ready to try it all out. We spent a couple of weeks debugging, optimizing the flow of material through our molds and fixing cosmetic issues. Everything looks great, except … our magnets in the chin and ears aren’t as strong as they should be. What’s going on here? It turns out that the thermal conditions of our new manufacturing process are affecting our magnets, which don’t like too much heat. We are going to have to come up with a different approach for incorporating our magnets into Touchfire. Brad redesigns the chin and ears to accommodate this, and we send the molds back to the mold maker for rework. We now have pockets in the chin and ears for the magnets to go into. But we need to seal those pockets. We create some tiny covers that do the trick. Brad makes some hand sketches, Steve takes them to a local die maker, and we have finished prototype dies a day later. They work great. Now all we need is a manufacturer who can make a lot of them in a short time. Luckily, we were already working with a company called Seal Methods, which is making the stickers that go on the back of our cover clips. We head on over to Seal, only a 15 minute drive from the factory. No problem; Seal can manufacture the tooling for our covers and be in production in less than a week. Fast forward to mid-March. The molds are back, we are down at the factory again, ready to make our next trial run. And we have just gotten an iPad 3. All indications are that it will work fine with Touchfire, since the screen didn’t change at all and the iPad 3 uses the same Smart Cover as the iPad 2. Surprise! Apple made a change that nobody else seems to have picked up on – they reversed the magnetic polarity of the iPad 3’s speaker magnet. This causes Touchfire to twist on an iPad 3. What are we going to do about this? We sit down and try and figure it out. It turns out that all we have to do was reverse the polarity of some of our magnets to accommodate the iPad 3. We will need to have people specifically order the iPad 3 version, but no other changes. And the iPad 1 will work with either version. Hooray! However, we did find another problem with the design; during the molding process silicone is leaking into the magnet pockets. Grrr! So we head off to our mold maker, Kingson Mold and Machine, to discuss. Kinsgon is a pretty amazing operation. We showed you a computer-controlled machining center cutting a prototype mold back in Update 9. Kingson has rows and rows of these enormous machines growling away. As always, they are very helpful, working with us to devise a fix. Our molds are once again in their shop. Which brings us to today. We are very confident that these final changes are the last ones that we’ll have to make. After the molds come back from Kingson we will test them out and get them textured (texturing adds the final finish to the parts). And then we will finally get into full production. Our schedule shows that we will be shipping out your Touchfires the week of April 23rd. Thank you so much for bearing with us as we work through getting Touchfire into production! Our next update will be in a week. Steve &amp; Brad As you may recall, we tried pretty hard to make Touchfire in the US, but ultimately couldn’t find a US manufacturer who would give us a reasonable bid or a reasonable timeline. We let you know all about this in Update 12. So we proceeded to manufacture Touchfire in Asia, where something like 95% of iPad accessories are made today. As you know, we went pretty far down that road. But doing Touchfire the Kickstarter way - letting the world know everything that goes on with the project, sometimes has strange and wonderful consequences. Right about the time we were racing to beat Chinese New Year, a fellow named Rod Trujillo sent us an urgent message; he needed to talk with us right away. It turns out Rod is the CEO of a US manufacturer that specializes in challenging silicone projects. He said: “We can make Touchfire, and we can compete with any Chinese manufacturer”. Rod’s company, International Rubber Products, is in Los Angeles; we flew down to Southern California to check it out. The most critical first step in manufacturing is to get tooling made. An important aspect of our trip involved meeting with the tool builders. Our first visit took place during the week between Christmas and New Year. The tooling engineers were on vacation that week. But Rod convinced them to come back early to meet with us. People were flying in from all over. After several hours of technical discussion, the tooling company agreed to make our tools in half their normal time. The fastest turnaround we’ve ever seen. We now had a very difficult decision to make. Stick with the Chinese manufacturer who we had been iterating the tooling design with, or take a huge leap of faith and put our eggs into a US basket. We decided to give the go-ahead to US tooling, but kept going in China. This was a costly decision financially, but we felt that if there was a possibility of making Touchfire in America, it was worth it. The tool builder came through with the mold for the keyboard in record time. That is what we showed you in Update 14. And that is when we decided to pull back from China and fully commit to building Touchfire in the USA. The last month and a half have been a mad dash to the finish line. We've had to put together an entire supply chain for all the parts of Touchfire – cover clips, sticker pads, packaging, etc. Since we'd gone so far down the road in China, we had a very good idea of what each component should cost. Piece by piece, we've found that if you work hard and if you find the right partners (or if they find you), it is now possible to make an iPad accessory in the US that is as competitive as doing it in Asia. So, we invited USA Today to come down to Rod’s factory and check out what we were up to. They just published this cool video: <url>’s Smart Cover by providing magnetic attachment points for the Touchfire keyboard's “ears”. The cover clip design we showed you when we launched our Kickstarter project was a clip containing a magnet, as shown here. We tested these for many months, and ultimately decided that they worked ok but not great. They would sometimes get knocked out of place, and being on the outside of the cover wasn’t a very elegant solution. We spent a lot of time thinking about cover clips, and finally came up with a cover clip approach that lives inside the cover. Here’s what a closed iPad with Touchfire keyboard looks like with these cover clips installed. We found a 3M sticker product, similar to Post-It Notes, that allows the cover clips to be securely attached to the inside of the Smart Cover, but they can also be removed and re-positioned many times. We’re including a pad of 6 stickers with Touchfire, so you’ll have extras if you ever need them. Here are the cover clips attached to the inside of the Smart Cover. The cover clips are made of a thin piece of metal, covered in plastic. Here’s how the Touchfire keyboard attaches to the inside of the Smart Cover with the new cover clips. Manufacturing and Shipping Update The complete Touchfire product, including the storage case, is made with 5 molds. We showed you one of these, the keyboard mold, in Update 14 . We’ve just learned that the mold with the longest lead time should be finished by February 24th. So, it still looks like we will start manufacturing and shipping by the end of February. But until we’re actually producing Touchfires we won’t know how many units can be made each day, nor how long it will take to ramp up to full production capacity. Our manufacturer has committed to running three shifts a day, so we will get to full capacity as soon as possible. But we are not going to wait for the entire production run to be completed before we start shipping to you; we will ship out batches of Touchfires in roughly the same order that people backed our Kickstarter project. We will let you know more about the timing of the batches as soon as we know. And finally, to all our backers, thank you so much for making Touchfire possible! A Few Things to Start With… Hi, Everyone! A big thanks to all of you who filled out the email survey. If you haven’t filled it out yet, please log into Kickstarter , where you will be prompted to do so. If you still need to pay shipping fees , we have set up some PayPal buttons to allow you to do so. Pay the Canadian shipping fee here ; pay the International shipping fee here . If you or your friends would like to order additional TouchFires, we are accepting pre-orders for our post-Kickstarter production run at www.touchfire.com . Manufacturing Update Some exciting developments on the manufacturing side, where Brad is on-site at the factory. We have decided to go straight to Liquid Injection Molding (LIM) for TouchFire. LIM is a sophisticated manufacturing technique that is significantly faster and more precise than compression molding, the technique we showed being used to make our engineering prototypes in Update 9 . The first step in LIM production is to develop prototype molds made from aluminum. These allow us to validate the production design, and the relatively soft metal allows any changes needed to made relatively easily. Here is the aluminum mold for the TouchFire keyboard; beautiful, isn’t it? Something else you might find interesting – the TouchFire prototypes are being made in a clean room, the same sort of clean room used to manufacture medical products. Here is Brad, suited up and in the clean room, with a TouchFire key array made from the prototype mold. Next steps – prototype aluminum molds for the stiffener parts of the keyboard, the storage case, the evolution of the cover clips. etc. More to come shortly! Cheers, Steve &amp; Brad Stocking-Stuff Coupon is Here Here is the TouchFire stocking-stuffer coupon as a printable PDF file: <url>’ve spent the last two days heads down, getting TouchFire into production, and working with our manufacturer to develop a committed schedule. Manufacturing Update We have now chosen our manufacturer and given them the green light to start building the tooling (molds) needed to make TouchFire. We had three manufacturers on our short list – two in China and one in the United States. Frankly, we delayed the final manufacturer selection in order to give the US vendor every opportunity to bid the job. At the end, they came back with a “no-quote”. This was pretty disappointing, and we lost precious time. Thus, the first production run of TouchFire will be manufactured in Dong Guan, a big industrial city in the south of China, about a two hour bus ride from Hong Kong. Both Brad and Steve will be spending quite a bit of time there soon, and you will get front-row seats to the whole process. The first step is for our manufacturer to cut steel molds and assemble the tooling used to make the silicone and polypropylene parts that make up TouchFire – the keyboard, the cover clips and the storage case. This will take about 3-4 weeks. Brad will be at the factory as soon as the molds are ready to make the first test runs. This is known as T1. It could take about a week to initially debug the tooling. Then the fine tuning begins, especially for the keyboard. Steve will join Brad at the factory for this part. After the fine tuning is complete, the tools will be polished and textured to produce the proper part finishes. This will take 3 or 4 days, taking us to the third week of January. We will then be ready to start production runs, slowly ramping up daily volume as the full manufacturing process is debugged. But Wait – There’s Chinese New Year Chinese New Year is the biggest holiday in China. It is a tumultuous 10 day celebration (lots of firecrackers) and all manufacturing shuts down for the duration. This year, the government mandated Chinese New Year vacation starts on January 20th. Unfortunately, this comes right when are ready to start our first TouchFire production run. We will have to wait until after Chinese New Year to start making TouchFire. This takes us to the first week of February. Assuming we can ramp up production steadily, we will have all our Kickstarter units ready to be shipped to the United States for distribution the second week of February. We plan on air-shipping everything, of course. Once the TouchFire shipment is in the US and has passed customs, we will ship it out to you. We will use a commercial fulfillment center, so we can get them to you as fast as possible. You should get your TouchFire by the end of February. Back in October, we estimated that we would have the first TouchFire run in the United States by December. Getting into production took longer than we thought, and we sincerely apologize for that. Next Steps We will email you the Christmas Stocking Stuffer coupon this weekend. On Monday, December 19th, Amazon will complete processing credit cards. If you were notified that there was a problem with your credit card, you’ll need to fix the situation by then. After the holidays, we will send out a survey to collect your shipping address and a few other details. Thanks Again! Your belief in TouchFire has made it possible for us to make TouchFire. We are truly grateful to all of our backers. You’ve given us the opportunity to bring our dream to market, and we can’t wait to get it into your hands. Steve &amp; Brad The TouchFire Kickstarter project been an incredible ride, but it is now coming to a close. We are enormously grateful for all of your support! The end of our Kickstarter project also marks the end of taking orders for our first production run. We will then start taking reservations for our next production run. We would really appreciate it if you could spread the word about TouchFire one last time! Press Roundup TouchFire has been getting quite a bit of press coverage lately. Here are some highlights. "The keyboard is incredibly simple to use. Typing on it is like typing on a physical keyboard" – New York Times "Two Seattle-based inventors have come up with an iPad keyboard that could dramatically alter the tablet keyboard landscape" – Wired "Turns the iPad into a true laptop killer" – Fast Company " TouchFire doesn’t set off a single key when you rest your fingertips on the product" – Mashable "The super-thin-and-lightweight TouchFire adds virtually no physical bulk" – CNET TechCrunch asked Steve to write a 3 part series of articles on TouchFire and Kickstarter, “ The TouchFire Chronicles ” What Happens Next As soon as our Kickstarter project finishes, your credit card will be charged by Amazon and you will receive a confirmation email. If there was a problem charging your credit card you’ll get an email from Amazon and you’ll have a week to resolve the problem. Kickstarter does not have access to the address information you entered with Amazon. So we will send out an email survey asking for your shipping information and a few other questions about a week after Kickstarter ends. We will also email the TouchFire stocking-stuffer coupons around that time. Thank you for backing us! Only One Week Left To Go! And what a wild ride it’s been. A big thank you to our long-standing backers and a warm welcome to our new ones! Please keep spreading the word about TouchFire; we don’t want anyone who is on the fence to miss getting a first production unit. The TouchFire Chronicles TechCrunch invited Steve to write a multi-part series about the trials and tribulations of TouchFire development and going on Kickstarter. We think you'll find it interesting, take a look ! Cousin Ralph and "The Finger" The early days of TouchFire development were filled with unknowns. One thing we sorely lacked was a way of measuring the characteristics of the different key geometries we were trying out. We needed a rocket scientist, and it just so happened that Steve knew of one - Cousin Ralph. Ralph develops deep space instrumentation for NASA and JPL during the day. But on nights and weekends Cousin Ralph’s home workshop would make MacGyver green with envy. So he built “The Finger”, a device that simulates a finger pressing on a TouchFire key and measures the resulting forces. The tip of The Finger was a white ball connected to a strain gauge. A motor moved the tip smoothly and precisely through the range of key travel. The strain gauge changes its electrical resistance as it bends. The change in resistance is measured 10 times a second by a computer. Cousin Ralph put together "The Finger’s" hardware and electronics, and wrote the measurement and analysis software. From then on we sent him every new keyboard prototype we made to find out what was really going on with it. We want to take this opportunity to say thank you, Cousin Ralph. TouchFire wouldn’t be what it is today without you. It took us a while to get TouchFire’s design just right, mostly because prototyping with silicone is a time-consuming process. Many plastic designs can now be 3-D printed in 24-48 hours. But prototyping a silicone part such as the TouchFire keyboard array takes 3-4 weeks. Here’s why. First off, we had to find a prototyper who can make large silicone parts. Prototypers are a secretive bunch; they are building highly sensitive future products for companies big and small. They are located in a small, non-descript locations, tucked away in the industrial part of town. You’d never know it if you were standing in front of one. But we were able to convince our prototypers to give our Kickstarter backers a tour, as long as we didn’t reveal too much. Walking into these shops is an Alice-in-Wonderland experience. They are stuffed to the brim with all sorts of amazing tools and machinery. The prototyping process starts when Brad hands off a TouchFire design. The prototype then transforms Brad’s CAD data into the design of a metal mold, and determine how the mold will be cut. A gigantic computer-controlled milling machine then cuts the mold out of steel or aluminum. This can take quite a while for a part with as much complexity as TouchFire. <url>– copy this one). Now our part can be cast from this mold. Raw silicone is cut and put in the mold and it is compressed and heated. This can take anywhere from 10 minutes to 24 hours. <url>’s packaging. We wanted the packaging to be very easy to open, but at the same time sturdy enough to completely protect TouchFire. The packaging also needs to be as environmentally friendly and minimal as possible. We also wanted TouchFire’s packaging to be its shipping container. That way no extra boxes or packing material would be required. TouchFire’s box is made of heavy-duty cardboard, tough enough to handle the rigors of shipping but also recyclable. It is fully sealed at the factory, but opens via a pull strip. After the pull strip has been pulled, the box opens easily. The TouchFire keyboard and the cover clips go into the storage case, then the storage case fits into an insert which keeps if from moving around during shipping. A piece of shock-absorbing foam goes below the insert, keeping everything in place. Here’s a drawing showing how the Standard Pack fits together. And here is the Variety Pack – it was a bit more of a challenge. We are now working on the packaging graphics. We will show you a complete mockup of the packaging in a future update. Please let us know what you think of TouchFire’s packaging system so far! Notable Press Coverage TouchFire has been getting some in-depth press coverage lately. Here are three articles that go behind the scenes: Harry McCracken for c|net: TouchFire Makes the iPad Keyboard Tactile Bill French for iPadCTO: TouchFire, Human Interface for Glass Emily for PadGadget: Meet the Man Behind the TouchFire Keyboard Overlay for iPad Please help us out by continuing to spread the word about TouchFire. Tell your friends and family, like our Kickstarter page , tweet about us, etc. Thanks! You can also follow us on Twitter and Facebook to receive real-time TouchFire news. Brad's China Pictures Brad recently returned from China, where he was qualifying potential TouchFire manufacturers. Here's a few pictures he took on that trip. Machining an electrode that will be used as part of building a steel mold. Electric Discharge Machine (EDM). It shapes the steel mold by burning away sections with high voltage. Setting up inside the EDM machine. The electrode is clamped below the bellows. The steel mold is below it. When the machine is turned on, the electrode will be lowered and then -zap! Small (~15 ton) compression molding machines. These are used to make small parts, like our cover clips. Raw silicone being prepared for compression molding. This works like a giant pasta machine. Big (~250 ton) molding machine. This is the sort of high-capacity system that will make the TouchFire keyboard. Inside a high-capacity overmolding machine. It contains two molds. After the first part is molded, it is automatically moved into the second mold. The first part will then be incorporated into the second part when it is molded. Production Update Big news – Brad just completed TouchFire's design optimized for high volume manufacturing! He has been working tirelessly with our most promising manufacturers to turn our prototype design into one that can be mass produced. We will use a sophisticated manufacturing technique known as over-molding. Instead of using glue or mechanical fasteners, many of the separate parts that make up TouchFire are placed in a main mold. When TouchFire is made, multiple parts are joined together into a strong, unified structure. We’ve narrowed down our choice of manufacturers from half a dozen to two. The race is on! Both manufacturers will now take our final design and give us a production schedule. We'll then choose the winner, and most importantly, be able to tell you when we expect to start shipping TouchFires. They will ship in roughly the same order that people backed us. So if you have friends who are thinking about getting a TouchFire, you may want to let them know that the line is getting long. Will TouchFire Come in Time for Christmas? Quite a few people have asked us this, and we agree that TouchFire makes a fantastic holiday gift. But we can’t gather shipping information until after Kickstarter ends and we don’t know our manufacturer’s schedule yet. So here is what we're going to do. After our Kickstarter project ends, we'll send out a TouchFire coupon that you can print out and use as a stocking stuffer. Everyone we’ve talked to so far thinks this is a good idea. Let us know what you think! Hi, everyone. If you are in Seattle on Wednesday the 16th, we invite you to come see TouchFire and meet us in person. We are getting together with two other popular Seattle Kickstarter projects ( Romo the SmartPhone Robot and the i+Case for iPhone 4 ) to put on a live event. The event will be in SODO, with plenty of parking. Here is the invitation: <url>’s iPad 1 case and Apple’s iPad 2 Smart Cover. It will also work with many other third-party cases, as long as there is enough room for TouchFire on the surface of the iPad. How do you clean TouchFire? TouchFire can be cleaned by running it under tap water. You can also use dishwashing soap if needed. Hello, TouchFire Backers. Its been a busy week. TouchFire is now a world-wide phenomena. Articles appeared in Australia, Bulgaria, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Netherlands, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden and the UK. A big thank you to our international backers! We've also been featured in CNET and GigaOM this week. But the most important way people are finding out about TouchFire is through you. I want to thank everyone for the incredible support you've give us so far! If you are looking for more ways to help spread the word, here are some ideas. EMail: A great way to let your friends know about TouchFire. Facebook: If you are on Facebook, please click the “Like” button right under our video on the Kickstarter page; that helps us a lot. We also have have our own Facebook page, TouchFireType . Twitter: You can tweet this link <url>"ears" will grip the glass enough to give you a solid-feeling typing experience. Thanks for your feedback. @Nancy - thank you as well! @Julien, sounds like something is definitely amiss with your Touchfire. Sorry about that! We will send you a replacement asap, but we also need to understand in detail what is going on. Please see followup message we are sending you right now. @Ronald, @Tyler, @Jason, @Aaron, @efindel THANK YOU!!! @Sharon, @Sue, @Rene please see my private message to you. @Charles- I've private messaged you the details of your shipment @Tyler - we would like to see your Touchfire to understand what is going on with it. In any case, we are sending you a replacement first thing Monday. @Jennifer - please see the message we sent you yesterday. @Carly- I've messaged details to you @Laura - Awesome! Test it out and let us know what your experience is like. We'd love to hear what it's like for you! @Yumi - Please see my direct message to you. @ Tom - Try adjusting the angle you're typing at. Flat, in your lap, etc. Let us know if these improve your experience and solve the space bar issue. @Jason- I have messaged you the details of your order. @Chris - Actually, we are a little busy getting Touchfires to all our Kickstarter backers right now. We will be following up on wholesale inquiries after we have gotten our last Kickstarter reward shipped... @bonmot- I see now. My message will explain :) @bonmot- See my message to you. It does not appear you pledged under this account. @Sven- I've messaged you with details on your order @Ronald - your Touchfire shipped today. @Kenneth - your Touchfire shipped today as well. Note that press reviewers were given pre-production units, not customer units. The pre-production units were made as part of dialing in the manufacturing process, and contain various flaws. All customer-quality units made to date have gone to our Kickstarter backers... @Nick - Cover clips will temporarily flatten the microfiber, but all you have to do is rub over the area a little bit to "fluff" the microfiber back up. I'd like to understand what's going on a little more; what you describe shouldn't be happening :-) Please contact me via a Kickstarter message. @Nancy - What you describe can occur if you put Touchfire on upside down. Also, the instruction sheet that comes with Touchfire has several pages of instructions, it just need to be unfolded. Please contact me. @Tobster, you've hit on a super-important aspect of Touchfire - it does take a little bit of time to get used to it. And as you say, @Janet, you also have to get used to the iPad keyboard layout. But you will do so pretty quickly if you keep at it, and then you'll be amazed at how much fun typing on an iPad can be. This is why we built the Typing Trainer app (www.touchfire.com/start). It should really help people get up to speed quickly on the iPad's keyboard layout and on typing with Touchfire. We'd love to get feedback on that as well. @Carol, we have tested with people with longer fingernails, and found that if your fingernails are getting stuck in the keyboard then you should try typing with your iPad flat instead of tilted at an angle. It is very important that your fingernails are able to clear the keyboard; that might explain why it feels like you need to press hard. Typing withTouchfire should not require very much pressure at all. Another thing we have heard is that the keyboards are coming out of the factory very clean, and therefore Touchfire might feel sticky or tacky when you first use it. This is a temporary condition that will go away after you use it for a bit... @Shari What's going on is your Touchfire is actually too clean right now. Touchfire was designed to work well in a typical environment where there is always a little bit of microscopic dust around. But coming fresh from the factory, Touchfire can sometimes be so clean that it actually sticks to the glass, which is what you are seeing. The solution is to get it a little dirty by putting both sides of it down on pretty much any slightly dusty surface. I know this sounds a little weird, but your Touchfire will never be this clean again, even after you run tap water over it in the future... @Carol - We are right on track and very excited! @ Lionel - we are going to put together a setup video for Touchfire; it will be ready when we ship. Touchfire supports Apple's new Smart Case 100%. In fact, it is one of the best cases for Touchfire that we have ever seen! @Ronald, please see the update that we just published... Update coming shortly, @Steve! @Arthur - yes, we are aware of what this company and similar ones are doing. The entire field of adding tactile to touchscreens is in its infancy. As often happens when "the time is right", radically different approaches emerge and battle it out in the marketplace. Touchfire has focused first and foremost on developing a great typing experience. Other companies have been primarily driven by integration with existing touchscreen manufacturing approaches. We believe this approach inherently leads to a not-so-great user experience. We continue to be extremely grateful that our Kickstarter backers have given us the opportunity to enter into this new market.The next few years will be very interesting! @Eytan, significant update coming shortly. We know that this one is taking a bit longer to get out than our normal two week cycle, but there are just a few more things we need to validate. Stay tuned! @Fred - We updated your reward to be an iPad 3 Touchfire. @PMorf, @Gene, @Martin - Thanks for your ideas and comments; we've discussed them further and really appreciate your technical input and ideas. @Cinde - Please see my Kickstarter message to you. @SG - Thanks! @Adam, Tyler - Thanks for your suggestions, will ponder... Hi, Amy. Update coming out this weekend. @Raphael - there are many magnets in an iPad in addition to the ones that hold the Smart Cover. Apple left the Smart Cover magnets alone, but decided to reverse the polarity of the large speaker magnet when they came out with the iPad 3. The speaker magnet interacts with a magnet on Touchfire. So an iPad 2 Touchfire will tilt when on an iPad 3, and an iPad 3 Touchfire will tilt when on an iPad 2. @Sharon, the iPad 3 version of Touchfire will not work with an iPad 2, and the iPad 2 version of Touchfire will not work with an iPad 3. @Barry, update coming later this week. @Alan, we are down at the factory right now, doing the final tooling and manufacturing process debugging. Once that is complete and we know how many units per day we can manufacture, we will send out a Kickstarter update with a ship date. Expect this update sometime next week. Thanks! @Jaladhi, Touchfire does work with the keyboard layout on the new iPad that now has a microphone button for exactly the reason you stated. @Devin, we are down at the factory right now, debugging our tooling and the manufacturing process. As soon as we are in volume production and understand how many units per day we can make, we will be able to accurately estimate delivery dates. And we will definitely let everyone know! Thanks. @Graham - Touchfire already works with both iPad 1 and iPad 2. We have many reasons to believe that it will also work with iPad 3. If, for some reason, it doesn't, we will make the required changes as fast as possible and slipstream into production. Can't wait to sit in front of an Apple store all day to get the first iPad 3 and find out. In any case, we will let you know as soon as we know... @Rene - New ETA coming as soon as we have all molds in house and have done a few test runs. @Nancy, please see the Kickstarter update I just posted, #16. It discusses this very topic. Hi, David. Yes, the Smart Cover can be rolled into a triangle with Touchfire attached to it. Touchfire is flexible, so it just bends with the cover. You also fold the cover in half with Touchfire attached. @Faith, Thanks! @Jennifer, there are lots of possible directions we could go in the future, and a vertically oriented Touchfire is one of them. We'll keep everyone posted about future product directions after we get our first one out the door! Hi, Vince. Since nobody really knows what the iPad 3 is, much less when it will ship, we plan on evaluating it as soon as it comes out and figuring out what to do at that point. For what its worth, my bet is that the iPad 3 is going to be similar enough to the iPad 2 that TouchFire will work on it without any modifications. But that's just a guess :-) Cheers, Steve Hi, Anne. The TouchFire Kickstarter project ended, so no more pledges can be made. But you can go to www.touchfire.com and reserve a TouchFire in the next production run after we fulfill our Kickstarter backers. Just click on the big orange button for details... Hi, Ippei. We are still estimating that we will be shipping at the end of February. See Update 12 for details... Thanks. Hi, Jeff. We are still estimating that we will be shipping at the end of February. See Update 12 for details... Thanks. Hi, Tommy. We think lots of people will use TouchFire for reading and writing email. TouchFire does not take up any more space than the iPad's on-screen keyboard, so you will not need to reposition it. Thanks Anna! Thanks, Toby & Philip! We really appreciate your thoughts. Thanks, Robert. You've been there from the beginning and we really appreciate that! Hi, Nkeiru. It was like New Years Eve over here as well, watching the countdown and getting over the $200K mark right at the end. Unbelievable! We want to say thanks to each and every one of our backers, who got us here. We are pretty exhausted right now, but we'll be back on it tomorrow. There's some updates we are working on that we think you'll find pretty interesting.. Thanks, Kristi! Thank you, Heather! And thank you, Chris! Hi, Shanikqua. Wow, that's great to hear. Thanks! Hi, Brian. We will be sending out an email survey about a week after our Kickstarter project ends to gather shipping information. Kickstarter doesn't give us the information you entered into Amazon. It's a little extra work on everyone's part, but that's part of the fun of Kickstarter! Hi, Ben. We are using a set of magnets that are compatible with the Smart Cover. But we do not include the magnet that causes the iPad to go to sleep. The sleep magnet is far away from the magnets that hold the Smart Cover down. Hi, Nick. We are looking at a variety of possible distribution options for TouchFire in the future. But right now we are 100% focused on getting TouchFire to our Kickstarter backers as soon as possible. Kickstarter backers get TouchFire before anyone else! Hi, Marci. TouchFire is cleaned by simply running it under tap water. You can also use a little dishwashing soap if needed. Then towel or air dry. Thanks, Joshua! Hi, Joshua. We would love to accommodate you, but our manufacturer will be packing TouchFire into its packaging (which also acts as the shipping container). They seal the box. so unfortunately we can't make substitutions. We hope that you will consider backing us anyway. Hi, Jasmyn. We are working hard right now on finalizing our manufacturer and our production schedule. We will send out an update as soon as we can give everyone a committed ship date. Note that we will be emailing out a TouchFire holiday coupon that you can print out and use as a "stocking stuffer" for Christmas. A giant thank you to all our backers getting us to the $100K mark and beyond. We are thrilled beyond belief! Hi, James. The TouchFire Web site is www.touchfire.com. But for the duration of our Kickstarter project www.touchfire.com is redirecting to our Kickstarter page. All information about TouchFire is right here! Feel free to send us a message if you have any questions. Hi, Peter. Thanks for your thoughts! We wanted to make sure that nothing in the package can move around. That way there won't be any damage no matter what happens during shipping. We were considering a tubular storage case for a while. It was actually a less expensive solution than our current storage case. But it was harder to use, and allowed TouchFire to rattle around inside. We really didn't like that, so went with the current "eyeglass case" design which allows us to keep everything securely in place. This then led to rectangular packaging, because that most closely matches the shape of the storage case. Hi, Ethan. Yes, the iPhone space is very interesting to us. We need to focus on making TouchFire for iPad a success right now, but this might be something we do in the future. Thanks! Hi, Eerational. We will be doing tracked International shipping via one of the courier companies (UPS, FedEx, etc) to ensure timely and reliable delivery everywhere in the world. We researched courier shipping prices and found that on average $25 was the cost. We just made a video showing how TouchFire works with the iPad 1. It is now on our main Kickstarter page. It can also be seen here: <url>"pretty well"; 2) it could be useful IF I had a lot of typing to do on the iPad (which is not the case); and 3) it does NOT attach well to the iPad's cover (it is too flimsy and the magnets are not strong enough - it falls off or gets in the way of closing the cover). Overall, I few it as an interesting experiment, but not a success. The effort to use it is greater than the benefits. I would not pay another $30-50 for the 2nd version. I was so disappointed with the build and functionality when I finally received mine I tossed it! Hope version 2.0 is an improvement. Good luck. *Sigh* I can't imagine being less impressed with a product. After pulling the Touchfire from its box, trying it on for size, realizing how flimsy the plastic black part is, and that the magnets really didn't hold it in place, etc, I simply tucked it away and haven't bothered pulling it out since. I still believe in the backing of this IDEA, but I think you got caught up in the process of actually accomplishing the manufacturing of this design, without stopping to ask yourselves if you SHOULD manufacture this design. Keep at it... Hello. I'm hoping I'm still in line for my Touchfire, but have not seen it yet. Last comment I see about this was in early September. i don't mind being patient, but I know I sent my shipping information when asked. Looking forward to it though. My touchfires arrived in the post today and WOW, is this an awesome product or what! I'm very impressed by this product. I would say that it's the best product that I've purchased on Kickstarter and separate to that, you guys were the best creators that I've dealt with. 10/10 Hello, haven't received my TouchFire. Jus wondering if all orders have been shipped? I'd have to say I agree with @Julien in terms of issues/disappointment. I've was rather disappointed from the moment I got my TouchFire. The black plastic strip was the first thing I noticed...that it didn't look new, instead it looked like it had been used and had some sort of residue. In addition, the magnets are no where near strong enough to hold the TouchFire when rolled up or when laid across my iPad. In other words, within the first couple of rolls/unrolls it became a hassle. However, my biggest problem is that, the main reason I bought it, ie. the fact that it allows you to rest your fingertips on the iPad without triggering the keys, is a bit of a sham. While resting my fingertips on it, they almost always trigger a keystroke especially when trying to get your fingers back into their standard position. Honestly, I'm not sure what the next step would be, but I'm certainly not satisfied with my purchase. Never mind, it was my fault. I hadn't paid shipping yet. I should read my email more often I haven't received mine in Australia yet. Have you got a tracking number that you can send me please Hello Brad and Steve! You had asked that I let you guys know how I liked my TouchFire. It is truly awesome and exactly the "keyboard" I was looking for. I can now touch type on my iPad. Amazing. I never look at my keyboard and always found typing on glass less than ideal because you had to look at the keyboard. I also didn't want carry around another attachment or stinking gadget. I love that the TouchFire rolls right up in the smart cover and just becomes part of the iPad. My iPad still has great mobility and it still fits in my slipcover. Now I just need to get use to the smaller keybaord layout, but that is not a TouchFire issue. I am still learning things, like I can't rest my thumb on the space bar like I normally would on a keyboard. Also, I noticed that TouchFire works better when typing on the pads of your fingertips rather than typing on the tips of your fingers. When using a proper typing positing on the tips of your fingers, the iPad does not always recognize the press. However, if I roll down to my pads it is much more responsive. (Shh...don't tell my typing teacher from back in my high school days.) I am hoping that with use I can move back to a better hand position. Finally, for some reason I seem to always be hitting the shift key somehow. I have not yet figured out how I am doing that. So I will need to work out that kink. Overall great product. I am loving using it. The finishing could use a bit of refinement. There were some rough edges on the silicone portion where the silicon meets the harder plastic pieces. It was almost as if the piece was cut out by hand and glued quickly. It is simply a cosmetic issue and does not impact the usability. Thanks again for your updates and pictures. It was truly fascinating watching the product come to market. Hello, today is August 6 and I am patiently waiting for my TouchFire. The last update was July 11 and half of the Touch Fire's had been shipped. When can I expect mine? @carol : thanks for the tip but unfortunately it's not the problem. The problem is that the QWERTY layout the touchfire is designed for and the AZERTY layout that is the only one used in France (where I am living) are very slightly different when it comes to the top row of letters... I have been emailing back and forth with Steeve about this. My TouchFire arrived a couple of days ago, and it was Love at First Touch!! The keyboard does exactly what you said it would do -- it provides that tactile connection to the keyboard that is missing when you type directly on the iPad's touch screen. The Typing Tutor is quite ingenious, and should help get anyone up to speed quickly. My wife, who was a skeptic initially about the TouchFire when I ordered it, quickly changed her tune as soon as she tried it out. (After 5 minutes with the typing tutor she was hitting 117 wpm with 100% accuracy!) My TouchFire will stay on my iPad from now on. With this one addition, my passive content-consumer has been transformed into a content-producer. My iPad has finally become a real computer! Thanks, Steve and Brad, for a job well done. To julien. Flip it. I had the same issue until I realized I had it on the wrong side. I'm not able to locate my last review so I am reposting another one. I received my Touchfire several days ago and I have been typing on it ever since. My typing speed has increased and accuracy has improved. I think it is one of the best inventions I have come across. I do have one question though, are the top magnets only to attach to the cover clips or are they supposed to attach to the iPad as well? If they are supposed to attach to he iPad surface, then mine is not attaching to the iPads surface. However, it doesn't affect my typing whatsoever. I also noticed some glue or silicone residue on the corners of the Touchfire which can be easily rubbed off. Brilliant product Steve and Brad, I will be purchasing several for friends! I just received it and am typing on it now. After about ten minutes of practice I learned the nuances of using this new style of keyboard. Now I am quite happy with the results. I had been expecting that I could rest my pinky finger on my right hand on the return key (lightly) as a point of reference for my hands, but soon learned that the approach didn't work for me. I also learned that the apostrophe is not a viable key stroke for me if fluid typing is the goal. It is fairly easy to work around both of these very, very minor issues. I did not have a problem with stickiness of the keyboard. There is a very slight misalignment between the keyboard letters and the Touchfire, but it does not have any impact on my typing speed or accuracy at all. To sum it up, this reviewer is very satisfied with the results. While the plastic box was somewhat disappointing It does not ruin my experience with theTouchfire, Perhaps future versions could be packaged in something of higher quality. Overall, thanks for the innovative design. To all kickstarters : I want everyone to know that you do offer a GREAT CUSTOMER support so if anyone runs into a problem they should not worry the TF team cares about its clients. (and that is a great thing). @Steeve&Brad : read it and replied with a picture. Received my Touchfires today. VERY VERY DISAPOINTED. I do not care for the flimsy plastic holder with its cheap look and feel. I really understand that it is difficult to produce such an item and I do not care that it is 8 months late. What i do care about : - THE PRODUCT IS UNUSABLE : the keys are seriously misaligned (example : a key is 50% over I and 50% over O, making the typing a matter of luck. This is unacceptable since it renders the product worthless. AM I THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS ISSUE (perhaps) ? - The magnets appear very weak to me, I constantly have to ajdust the touchfire's position because it keeps moving 2 to 3 millimeters away from its intended position. I would greatly appreciate if you could help me out because I believe in your integrity as inventors and business people but the product I received is not what I paid for :-( Lucky guys. I'm still waiting for my 2 New iPad Touchfires... I live ion Brazil - still no sign of them... :-( Well after the long wait, my touchfire's finally arrived. one white one black which I'm ok with even though the reason for the long wait was so I could have two whites. I'm guessing its going to take some trial and error to use and get comfortable with it, and I'm glad I didn't turn auto correct off! For some reason the A and S are the two keys that seem to be the two hardest keys for me to use with it. The right side of the touchfire does stay attached as well as the left side - any suggestions there? I use a screen protector, but it doesn't seem to affect the left side so I don't think that is the issue. I've read all the previous comments and kept them in mind while trying it out, so I think with time I will become more comfortable with it and enjoy using it. oh, it make the return key extra sensitive but not the backspace key. Anyone else have that issue? Mine finally came yesterday. I backed pretty close to the end, so I have to imagine that most people have theirs now. I'm liking it a lot - being able to (lightly) rest fingers on keys is a big help, and it's greatly helping my accuracy with typing on the on-screen keyboard. I've even been able to do some typing while looking away from the iPad entirely! Brought it to work with me, and already had a couple of co-workers asking about it after seeing me using it in a meeting. I'll probably keep using an external Bluetooth keyboard for heavy typing, but now I don't feel as much like I have to carry around that as an extra piece all the time! I ordered two, one for me and one for my daughter as a Christmas present present. Christmas 2011. :-) When will I get mine? I have to say it is incredibly comfortable. I really enjoy the feeling of the keys on my fingers. Very responsive, took me about 30 seconds to learn how to type with it. Like that it attaches to the smart cover, and not permanently on the screen. Very impressed! So, I got my touchfire in the mail today (yay!), and so far I LOVE it! Not only is it very easy to use, but my favorite part might be that it is see through. This means that I can leave it in place even when I am not using the keyboard, and it does not seem like it is "in the way". This REALLY sets it apart from the iKeyboard (which I also backed). Another positive thing when compared to the iKeyboard is that there are no plastic separations between the keys. When I used the iKeyboard I ended up hitting the plastic between the keys at least as often as I hit the keys themselves. This is honestly the FIRST KickStarter project that I have backed that upon receiving it I actually feel like I will probably use! And I have backed many projects... Anyway, thank you so much for making this useful product! It took awhile, but it was worth the wait, and I am very glad that I backed this. I will definitely buy a replacement or a second gen version if I ever need one! Excellent work, you guys! The customer service so far has been excellent! Couldn't of asked for anything more! Thanks Touchfire! Received the Touchfire today. Very pleased! I think I owe an apology for suggesting in a prior comment that something was amiss in this project. As they say "patience is a virtue," and I didn't possess it. Lesson learned. Mea culpa. Mea culpa. Mea culpa. Do you know when I will recieve my touchfire? I'm on the edge of my seat everytime I hear a knock at my door! Well I got my touchfire yesterday. After waiting and waiting a half a year to get it I for sure thought it would be a perfect product. Honestly I'm rather disappointed. My keyboard has a curve to it and doesn't really fit on my I pad that well and why in the world would I put the clips on my smart cover?!? If I didn't have the keyboard on my iPad all the time, my screen would get scratched by the clips. Come on...that's just a little dumb. I'm really upset that I paid 45 dollars for this products. I honestly think its a 15 dollar product the way it's built. I actually started typing this With the keyboard on the screen and ended up removing it halfway thru this I'm just stunned. I was so excited to get it and now I'm just mad that I bought it....I've got a feeling a lot of people feel the same way. I got mine today and I'm struggling with the typing. I do have an iPad 2 and it doesn't seem to fit properly. It doesn't line up over the keys and is actually causing me to type slower than ever. Very disappointed. I get my heart broken every day the postal carrier comes with no touch fire :( I just went to my mailbox after work and lo, there was a TouchFire in it waiting for me! =D This was literally the first project I ever funded on Kickstarter what so ever, so it's nice to finally hold the fruits of that labor. I cannot wait to bust this bad boy out! Steve & Brad- any chance you could let me know if or when my Touchfire will ship? Thanks, can't wait to try it out. Best, Jonathan. Received mine - so far so good - I chose not to use the cover clips and will leave it in its case until I need it. I do agree the spacebar is a bit of an issue - I had hoped it would be way better than my normal iPad keyboard experience as I often hit a letter key when trying to touch the spacebar - so far helps only a little. I received my Touchfire today (Los Angeles) and have been playing around with it for a bit on my iPad 2. I'm not sure if I got a wonky one, but the magnet near the backspace and enter key refuses to stay. This causes the top row to sometimes "bubble" up in the middle, move out of place, or stick onto my fingers while typing (lifting up the right side of the touchfire). despite this defect, typing on the iPad is a breeze! The touchfire keys don't match up with the iPad 2 keyboard exactly, but I havent had any mis-typed keys because of it. Every day I walk to the post office with hope, but as of yet, no TouchFire :( Are you guys ignoring all wholesale inquires? Still waiting in Illinois. I'm also waiting... here from Germany... is there any expected time of arrival for "across atlantics" like me? Are my two touchfires (1 black, 1 white) shipped already or am I still in the queue? Still waiting............ Yeah, Sue Hines, I'm with you. I don't think anybody could accuse us of not being patient, but I find it galling to be reading press on a product I helped to fund and still do not have. I know that there are a lot of variables in launching a new product, but how you treat your backers is completely in your control. After seven months of asking us to be patient, this is a huge fail. My TouchFire just arrived in Tokyo, Japan. Played around with it a little and I find that half the time the keys don't respond to my touch, leading to a lot of typos and run-on sentences. I'm guessing that like Andrew, the combination of having a screen protector and the TouchFire is causing the problem. Hopefully, it will get better with more use and more practice on my end. I just spoke with Steve (thanks for the great customer service). Here's what we discovered testing Touchfire on my Ipad 1. Spacebar works fine when touched by index fingers. But when touched by the side of my thumb, the normal way I hit the space key, it only works intermittently. I have a screen protector on my iPad, which Steve felt the combination of the screen protector and the silicon of the touch fire, combined with some callous on the side of my thumb creates a situation where there's not enough capacitance to reliably register. That's a shame, because I am unwilling to remove the screen protector film, nor to have callous removal surgery on my thumbs. If I could train myself to hit the with the main pad of my thumb rather than the side, it would probably work. I'll try it on my gf's Ipad 3, which also has a screen protector, and report back. Maybe the detection algorithm is better on the New Ipad. I'm a little disappointed. I'm finding the space bar is unreliable, everything else works, but about 20% of the time the spacebar doesn't read. That makes the keyboard pretty much worthless. Also, the lining up to the virtual keyboard is not exact, but it's good enough. Is there anything I can do to make the spacebar work better? The typing tutor needs a better timer mechanism. The timer stopped counting while I was typing! So while it's flattering to be told I type sentences at 731 WPM, that seems... optimistic. Lineup is imperfect- the buttons (especially near the center) are a touch (pun intended) below the actual buttons on screen. Still, it registers correctly, and my typing accuracy is way up. Two actual complaints, though, although the solution to both is the same: 1. The Touchfire is an absolute dust magnet. I've used it for a day and it looks like I tried to use it to wipe dust off a bookshelf. It looks like it wants to be washed at least daily, if not more often. 2. The cover clip storage is incompatible with actually using the Smart Cover as a stand- the Touchfire must be not on the cover. Which means I should probably just store the thing in its case- keeps dust off better, and doesn't pose a problem when folding the iPad. I'm pretty sure a large percentage of the dust I got on it resulted from when I had to set the Touchfire on the table at work so I could stand up my iPad to use the Kindle app over breakfast. I received my keyboard over the weekend and over all I'm pleased with it. I would however give the cover 'clips' an F- (really bad grade for all you international readers). I have already gone through the initial sticky pads and the second set just pulled loose. The adhesive is just making bare spots on the microfiber interior of my leather smart cover. I wish you would have stuck to the original design that used a mechanical attachment method. Got mine two days ago. So far I hate it, can't seem to get the proper alignment so typing on it is impossible unless I constantly backspace to correct my errors. I am also disappointed that it came without a single hardcopy instruction other than to access the typing tutorial. Very disappointed but will give it away to my slightly more techy brother-in-law and see if he has better luck. Good press in the Daily. Can't wait to get mine, hopefully this coming week! My Touchfires haven't arrived yet, so I can't join the chorus of happy backers quite yet, but Steve got back to me after my comment that I hadn't heard from anybody about an issue I had with the Amazon payments system. Thanks, Steve! Can't wait to get my hands on the Touchfire! I received my Touchfire Variety Pack! It should have been: "5 pairs of cover clips in colors that complement the iPad Smart Covers" but I only received a single pair of grey cover clips with each keyboard, i.e. I have 2 pairs. Am I missing the other cover clips ? I finally recieved my Touchfire too (in the Netherlands, actually I am typing on it. I really like it for being able to type more accurately. A question though: is there a trick to type æ or ä or à without folding the touchfire away? Fortunately ë and ï and û are ok, because e, i, u, and o are on the top row and you can slide easily with your fingers towards the desired letters. Thanks for the nice product! Saw a nice review for the TouchFire on THE DAILY today, gave it an A and praised it for being a really good product. Thought it might be a little pricey, but still a really good product. While I thought this was great, I was a little irritated that I'm still waiting for my two to even show up. I understand a quality product was wanting to be made before being shipped, but geez, if it's available to purchase for $49.99 where's the backers product? A little tired of being told it's "in the mail". Oh man, I hate being an International Backer, can't wait to get my hands on this :-) Wow! Steve is on it! I recieved an email about five minutes after my previous comment. Steve sent me his phone number and we had an interesting conversation about manufacturing. We determined that my unit has a very minor curvature from side to side - not enough for me to ask for a replacement. They are doing continual improvements that will address these issues. I'll let Steve pipe in with the details. As I noted previously - I'm happy to be a backer. It's great to see homegrown innovation. Also cool to have it being manufactured in the US. And even better to have customer service that is phenomenal. When's the last time you said something about a product online and had the CEO email you with his phone number? A little dissapointed in the quality. The whole thing is much more flimsy than I expected. The alignment of the keys over the virtual keyboard is not great, though admittedly good enough to allow typing. It will be interesting to see what the next revisions look like. The molding quality at this point is still pretty suspect, Don't take this as negative feedback. I fully understand where this thing is in the product development cycle. I'm still very happy to have been a supporter. I got mine today. I gotta say...this thing is pretty awesome! It makes typing on the iPad so muh easier. I'm so much more accurate. Hats of to you guys. This thing rocks! Just received my touchfire today and so far love it! Am having a bit of a problem with the a key, but I think that is because I am typing on the arm of my sofa rather than a flat surface. This is a huge improvement over the regular keypad. It is fun to know that I am an early adopter (as they say in marketing ). Can't wait for my friends to see this in action. I love it. It does take a second to orient, but a really elegant product. Kudos. Totally agree with Rian. Not all projects are a 100% success rate and seeing prompt detailed responses from these guys is very encouraging. Very much looking forward to receiving my Touch Fire and sure there will be some getting used to it before I can type as quickly as I do on other instruments. In fact, I recently bought a new ultra book and had some time to get used to typing on it also. Got my touch fire yesterday, and the experience has been interesting. I like the silicone tab to hold to keep the keyboard in place when opening the smart cover. It doesn't allow me to totally ouch type because the iPad onscreen keyboard is simply not sized like a standard keyboard. But getting used to the touch fire make typing. SO. Much easier. Now if it would only stop that damn autocorrect (laugh). Thanks though. Dthe fact that this 'keybord' is always with me is super and it really does help me keep my fingers on the correct letters. Very interesting responses from Steve! I believe this is the first project I've seen on Kickstarter where inventors (or designers) really want to communicate and discuss about problems and solutions. Really enjoying my new TouchFire! It is amazing how comfortable the keys feel compared to tapping on the glass directly. Shocking, really. Great job! Can't wait to get ours... So we can try it out too. It's been interesting hearing about the ups and downs of trying to get a product out on the market, especially when it's based on a moving target. A most interesting process. And now to get the final reward. I'm haunting the mail! Got mine today. Am learning to type with it. It is harder than I hope it would be. I have to press really hard to get it to work. Also, did you guys test this with someone with longer fingernails? My nails are not overly long but do extend past the end of my fingers. They keep getting stuck in the material. I do like the way the TF automatically positions itself on the iPad. I like how thin it is... Hoping the adjustment comes quickly. This user's account has been deleted. Awesome responsiveness from the team! I just spoke with Steve and we are going to find out what's up with my touchfire. And yes, I did go to the website and try their "typing tutor." it didn't help. Comment started a 1:33 I ecive my uchire ody an I'm sy to sy that I am horribly disappointed.the video showe the ouchfie sliding easily per the screen to align itself. That's not possible. It's stic ky and b arely esponsive. Comment ended 1:35 Comment started 1:35 I received my touchfire today and I am sorry to say I am horribly disappointed. The video showed the touchfire sliding over the screen for alignment. That is impossible. It is sticky and barely responsive. Comment ended 1:36 Please note, I typed the first of my comments with the touchfire on the screen and everything else without it...simply typing on the screen. The space bar is hardly ever responsive. The errors above are only those left after the iPad fixed the ones it could figure out and most are caused by unresponsive keys. I have been typing on the screen since my iPad 1. I am fully are of the need to only touch one key at a time And yet I can touch type fairly quickly WITHOUT the touchfire. With the touchfire, I feel as though my fingers are typing through cement. I realize I was an investor, not a consumer, but this product is a HUGE disappointment. I had been looking so forward to getting it and it is entirely unusable. Has anyone actually gotten one yet? Is it shipping by USPS or some or pother means? Btw. Congrats - looking forward to using your product Congratulations to you guys and the whole team! Great news - can't wait to get mine! Supposed to be ready for shipping by the end of June. It is the end of June. Can shipping be far behind? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. As with several other recent comments, I also applaud the focus and commitment to bring this to market (which is NOT any of us, by the way -- we are micro-investors, not consumers). But in the mean time, I have moved on -- purchased an iPad 3 and then the first Logitech Ultra Thin BT KB Cover at my local Best Buy. Sad to say (for TouchFire), it is fabulous and "only" double the price of a TF. This is the dilemma for a crawl-to-market product like TF -- it is going to be made obsolete as other things outpace it, even at (initially) double the price, simply because they are actually available. folks - if you want retail - go buy retail. Now you have a bit of a taste of what it's like to fund a startup. And unlike software - there are a host of complications that happen in physical manufacturing. I applaud the TouchFire team for their efforts to construct this device "locally" (full disclosure - I'm Canadian) and I am also highly interested in this "behind the scenes" look into the processes. Keep on trucking, TouchFire team - get it done! Ship, rest and then get going on TouchFire MkII :) Curious about how Touchfire relates to the newly announced rollback keyboard on the new Microsoft Tablet. Seems very similar! Thanks for the recent update. The journey through the manufacturing process has made me appreciate the fact I don't want to get into manufacturing. :) Looking forward to shipment.....and being the envy of my friends. I hope you're ready for wild success! It's unbelievable how negative some of you are with your comments. Yes, it takes awhile and there are numerous obstacles along the way, but these guys have done an amazing job in communicating with all of us while solving the issues to produce what I expect will be a great product. Ease up!! Congrats on making it this far. I can't wait to receive my TouchFire. Any chance you can provide a video on how to attach it when there is a case on the iPad (e.g. The new iPad case from Apple that covers front and back. I'd like to know if the idea is that this is remove able or if it stays on all the time. This user's account has been deleted. I'm beginning to think this is a scam. No delivery. No product. No updates for quite some time. $200,000 paid. 3,100 buyers. An investigation may be in order. I had forgotten about this until i started cleaning out my email tonight....it has been so long since I ordered it, it has now become a forgotten purchase. Almost a month since last update...too long really, guys. tell us what's happening! I'm pretty frustrated with the whole thing. I got it as a gift for my mother for CHRISTMAS, It's now June. At this rate it'll be there a year later. I'm not upset it's taking a long time, I'm upset you promised something and didn't deliver it. You do realize for all the talk you have about user experience. Would love to hear back Really just want a refund, even if partial. Too long forever waiting. Come on! As much as I hate to see something I ordered be delayed month after month, I must say you guys have found a way to make this be a fun, engaging, and worthwhile experience for me anyhow! As a mechanical engineering student with several internships under my belt that have focused on product innovation and launching, the challenges you have faced have been very relatable to me and I appreciate all the great updates! I sincerely hope you guys are having a good time doing this, and that you guys can find some other projects to throw on kickstarter so that I can continue to get awesome products and support you guys! Are you aware of what other ways other companies are developing to enhance the user's tactile experience of a flat surface keyboard? See: <url>"right" than "quick"... Great work, guys! Let's get'er done! Even though this is going to ship a little late for a Christmas 2011 gift, I showed my dad (receiver of said gift) and he was REALLY excited and can't wait to get it! Can I also have my order changed to a 3rd gen iPad? Thanks! And keep working hard! I know it will pay off soon!!! My case color has been changed to black. Still the smart cover for iPad 2. So everything in black please:) thanks! I think I've said this before: Designing and manufacturing physical products is hard. Very hard. Anyone with the urge to post a negative comment should first attempt to make something akin to the many projects in KS first. Only then will you have the perspective from which to voice an opinion that has any value. As someone who has been doing this my entire life I come from the vantage point of knowing, in no uncertain terms, just how tough it can be. And, I have the scars to prove it. I don't care if TouchFire takes another six months. It'll be ready when it is ready. You should be glad that Steve and Brad are choosing to take the time to do a good job rather than ship everyone crap and move on. Their communication on the project has been exemplary. If you pay attention there's lots to learn. Rather than complain, ask good questions as this is a good opportunity to learn a lot about how products are engineered and manufactured in the real world. @Neil Bunn, well said. It is a lottery but Steve and Brad have taken a risk to produce something we all want and they have kept us in the loop all the way. Let's wish them a speedy production cycle..I can't wait! This user's account has been deleted. It's been more than a couple of weeks since the last update - please let us know where it is at... So, just had to comment. I've backed a pile of projects now, and the number that have shipped on their estimated shipping date is zero. What does this tell us? Well, that this situation here for Touchfire isn't unique, and that it is a heck of a lot harder to bring a good quality product to market than it appears. It also doesn't help that some of these projects become far more successful than even intended, so scale becomes a problem, not just a blessing. I've been lucky in that *every* single project I've funded has eventually completed, (one was a year late) and has provided good value and a fun time for me, some in practice have turned out a little different from what I originally envisioned, but that's the nature of this process -- you are funding a concept, an idea, that often needs to be adjusted or tweaked both for practicality, or volume production, or just because things change over time (in this case like iPad 3 announcement!) This should be viewed by everyone as a fun adventure, with a "fund at your own risk" mentality, nothing more. It is up to funders to do their due diligence both in terms of the feasibility of the project (some of these clearly will never happen) and also in terms of what it means if your funding just plain disappears. For me, the fun is in having something new, unique, and that no one else may ever have -- or, in the best possible case that everyone else will have, but much later than I will. Plus, it is great to support entreprenurship and business building. Half of us go out and buy meaningless lottery tickets that will almost never pay off, or gamble, or buy all sorts of silly products we don't need or could live without -- in this case it is a bet on innovation, ingenuity and participation as an observer in the creation of a product. Steve and Brad have been good about posting updates of the successes and failures, would I love more? Sure, because I'm a data geek -- but have they abandoned the project or done anything that isn't entirely above board? It doesn't appear that way when you see tables and tables of injection moulded parts and a lot of micrometers out! :) For me, I still love it, and the kickstarter experience. If my order turns into a silicon keyboard for an iPad 4, so be it... still interesting to watch and support. :) @KC Bitterman I'd change your last name. The irony is killing me. @ J Newell. Totally agree. Some people need to take a Good look at what Kickstarter is really about and then take a good look at themselves and ask what they want from KS? These guys on average have given an update every 2 weeks with a lot of detail. I think this is fantastic and more than I expect IMHO. Keep it up guys! Having backed 30+ Projects, these guys are well ahead of others. Many projects are between 6 months to 1 year late than what they originally quoted. If you can't handle it, this is not the place for you. I'd like a black keyboard for iPad 2 please:) Thanks:) I'm so excited to get your product! :D *sigh*. That's all. Just... *sigh*. Wish these guys would give more frequent updates. But then, there is much I wish for in life. You need to take another look at Kickstarter as a whole and evaluate whether your expectations are realistic in this context. You've backed a single project, this one. I've backed nine to date. TouchFire is way out at the head of the pack in terms of communications with backers and progress to delivery of the product. If you need to live in a world of impatient, instant gratification, Kickstarter is not the place for you. "Well, this is one "investor" that is just absolutely disgusted by this project. When you originally pitched this, you claimed to have designed this product and that it was ready for production. Clearly, my investment has gone toward you two yutzes learning how to actually do what you said you had already done. While it has been interesting two watch you two piss away the cash that regular folks like me put up for a non-existent product, it has also been painful and a good learning opportunity. Touchfire, you taught me that Kickstarter is the land of bullshit, smoke and mirrors." Well, this is one "investor" that is just absolutely disgusted by this project. When you originally pitched this, you claimed to have designed this product and that it was ready for production. Clearly, my investment has gone toward you two yutzes learning how to actually do what you said you had already done. While it has been interesting two watch you two piss away the cash that regular folks like me put up for a non-existent product, it has also been painful and a good learning opportunity. Touchfire, you taught me that Kickstarter is the land of bullshit, smoke and mirrors. I would like to point out that we are "investors" not "customers". It is always encouraging to have perfect time frame, but we are investing in a project, something that does not exist in this world, yet. If this thing is going to have a problem, I want to see that problem solved before it hits the shelves. In that sense, I am OK with what is going on with the project. Thanks to Steve & Brad, TouchFIre will "just work" (like Jobs used say) on iPad. But again, we would love to know more details of shipping time, and, if there is any, issues. can i have my order switched to an iPad 3, which I recently purchased? This user's account has been deleted. @David W. Thanks for posting that. It was a great article that offer a different perspective. If we all bought the Touchfire at Bestbuy, we would not no knowledge (or concern) for what went into it-but we didn't. We invested in a product that did not exist and are given the chance to be a part of it's development. Had apple allowed us to preorder at the state of the iPad's infancy, I imagine it would have been a lot longer than 6 months before we had it in hand. Thanks again for posting. How do I update my backer request/order? I now have an iPad3 and it is in white. We all need to remember what Kickstarter is. The following post is a good read: <url>’t necessarily mean that users are guaranteed to get a product. “My concern is they’re buying something that doesn’t exist yet,” Strickler said. “It’s not like the Pebble guy has a warehouse in Ohio. He has to make these things.” Contingencies. If I can find fault in your process so far, it's that contingencies are not planned for. It's one thing to design a product with the the kind of tolerances you guys are, but you have to understand the tolerances of the materials that you're working with and plan for things to go wrong. Sometimes it's wise to follow multiple paths with different specs that allow for the unknown. Wow. This is disappointing. The only way this wont be a complete disaster is if you ship everyone both a black and white keyboard. This is just frustrating. Hi Steve and Brad, Thanks for the update! I pledged $45 to you last year because I wanted to support a really good commercial idea. By now I feel that I have already received $45 dollars worth of value just getting an inside look at your process these past six months. The realities of developing and manufacturing a product are sometimes painful. I am sorry about the recent set-backs, and hope that you are not too stressed. Looking forward to receiving the keyboard when it is ready! If I may post a suggestion: There are many of us who committed our $45 in December, believing that TouchFire would be shipped in December as you led us to believe. This was "many moons" ago, before any thoughts on an iPad 3 were real. Now we're in May, and if past experience proves correct, we're probably going to see another several weeks/month of delay. I am glad that you want to "get it right" and ship a perfect product, but you need to understand your customer world is changing. Every day the delay continues, more and more people get an iPad3. You've said that one TouchFire isn't compatible with both (as originally thought). You need to order the right one. Many people are not going to do that - and you are going to deal with even more frustrated backers and return shipments to swap it out. Not a good thing. To my suggestion: to everyone who backed at $45+, give 'em one of both. You will immediately get some AMAZING, positive word of mouth, turn detractors into promoters, mitigate return issues and provide backers with one to use on both their iPad1/2 and iPad3 (or EVEN BETTER give it to a friend as a "product seeding" exercise - grabbing you more positive buzz!). The more people who see your first units on the street, the better your long-term sales prospects. Reward your backers. Recognize their patience. Create some positive buzz. Yeah, it will short-term hit your margin, but it's the right thing to do long-term. Adam I am baffled at this point. I reached out in February for an update and received a fairly snide response to my "absurd" question. Now here we going in to May and there are still excuses of why we still do not have a product ready to ship. I ordered one for my husband who is deploying in May. It never crossed my mind he still would not have it before he left. I guess mine will get posted to Craigslist when I eventually get it. I cannot even express how excited I was when I saw this product last year and now how disappointed I am. Before I ask my question: Please know that I am not criticizing you and I am not even bothered by the delays. I have designed and manufactured enough products with a variety of technologies to know that, well, making things is hard sometimes very hard. I'd like to understand why the tolerances for the magnet pocket are so tight as to not being able to tolerate a 0.006in dimensional change. Surely manufacturing tolerances of the magnets themselves had to require being tolerant of changes. Plastic, well, it's plastic so you have to assume the worst when designing. I learned a long time ago to not call for tight tolerances anywhere unless there was absolutely no way to avoid it. Couldn't you have designed that hole to have compliant "fingers" to capture the magnet and, therefore, provide for variations in both process and magnet dimensions? Again, no issues with the delays. You guys seem to be chasing it all down systematically and this is a process. If anything it is a really good education for KS supporters who don't have any experience in manufacturing goods. To repeat myself, it isn't easy. The other comment I'd like to offer for those bothered by the delays is that tooling isn't printed at the push of a button like a document coming out of your printer. Having tooling manufactured can take weeks. Good tooling providers are busy. They can't shove work out of the way to focus on just one project. This means that your project has to fit within their production schedule like anything else they are doing. Tooling can take four to six weeks per iteration. This doesn't mean that it takes four weeks to machine, it means that it can take that long for time to be available for the order to get to the shop floor and the tooling fabrication to begin. I realize that many want their keyboard (me too!). Patience is probably the best position to take. Steve and Brad seem to be working hard at this and will eventually get it all figured out. I, for one, am enjoying the process and the updates. Lots to learn if you really pay attention. For the record, I am in no way related to these guys and don't know them other than through my pledge on their project. How is it possible to recieve over $191,400 (over 2000% of goal) over your goal amount to create, refine, and distribute your product and not have realistic timelines in order to deliever to your 3,000 backers?! Everyone look at that estimated delievery of December 2011 on the right hand side and then look at your current calendar, either I'm crazy or that meant to read "December 2012". Excuse the "woodworker" in me, but would it be possible to simply "drill out" the magnet receptacles after the silicon molding process is completed? Setting a standard depth and width could address any variances during the molding process. Caution from one manufacturer to another: I don't know if your magnet source is imported or US, but if the strength of the pull is critical, then you want that tested also. And anytime you have metal meeting plastic temperature can make a good fit suddenly not work. Since two mediums "come and go" at different temperatures, they can contract or expand and create a nightmare. I am supprised the tollerance was that tight to begin with but maybe it has to be. If not, sometimes "slop" is not a bad thing. When I first pledged I had a iPad2 as the release date continued to backup I now have upgraded to an iPad3 how do I change my order to that version? Eager for the update, guys. Truly hope it is not an update of yet another delay. Original delivery was December. It is now end of April. If there is another delay, please let us know how we can get a refund. Obviously, this is a great idea or we would not have backed it but it seems like it is not going to get delivered anytime soon. Hey guys? 15 days since last communication of any kind. Blew right by the April 23 date. C'mon, speak! I'm just trying to understand: Touchfire is only compatible with iPad 2 or iPad 3, depending on what version we order. But, the Apple's Smart Cover I bought with my iPad 2 is working with my iPad 3 too.... Isn't there anyway to use one Touchfire for both iPad 2 and 3??? This reminds me of a lesson I learned in B school...making stuff is actually hard! Its one of the reasons so many of my classmates went into finance (not me) I currently have an IPad2 and I know in about 6 months I'll be getting a 3. Will the ipad3 keyboard work with the ipad2? Just read update #18. Thanks for the thorough walkthrough of the timeline thus far. Helps greatly in understanding the delays. Crossing my fingers everything is go. Looking forward to future updates, good or bad. Thanks! Guys...disregard my email. I was wondering and will give it another month. Lets hope for everyone that this is it! Thanks It seems that so many under estimate the time to bring the finished product to fruition. It is a little frustrating to see a December 2011 estimated date by you guys and it's not the end of March 2012 and still not any idea of when these will actually be completed and shipped. It should have been under promise and over deliver instead of over promise and under deliver. This is the 3rd one I've backed and all have the same kind of issues... I sure hope this gets done soon.. Frustrating!!!! I suggest you have more frequent updates and videos. 3 weeks so far since the last one. That is not very good communication and a better effort on your part would be much appreciated. Any idea of a Shipping date guys? Looking so forward to getting this and putting it to the test. I have the Acme Made Infinite Angle cover and thing that the combination will be a killer portable setup. I hope that there is no issue with compatability with this cover. It's very trim, but is one where the Ipad slips into the cover and has a thin frame around the screen. Compatable? Hi Steve & Brad, Does TouchFire work with the keyboard layout of the new iPad that has a microphone key? I am guessing it does since the bottom row on TouchFire is just one continuous touch zone. Looking forward to getting my hands on one soon. Thanks! Any updates on the delivery dates? @KC Bitterman Kinda ironic, that last name... Just an update if anyone did not see the latest apple event today. The TouchFire is compatible with the new iPad as the smart cover is still compatible so the magnets have not changed. Good news for anyone who wants to buy the new iPad. Side Note: Stupid that it is just called "The New iPad"! Thrilled that you are manufacturing in the US! Can't wait to see the finished product. Hoping it will work on the iPad3 or will be modified for that model shortly after it's release. Thank you for the update, I love the fact that you are manufacturing in the USA! Keep up the great work, am really looking forward to my TouchFire. Thanks for the update. I have no problem with the delay. Can't wait to get my touchfire, I'm sure it will be great! Thanks for the update. They are certainly appreciated. Anxious to receive the TouchFire but very pleased you are committed to doing it right. Keep up the good work. I'm hoping you have confirmed support for the iPad 3 by the time you go to mfg. @James Goddard I thought you already gave up and asked for your money back from your credit card company? Since this product is pretty much going to ship after the iPad 3 (if it ever ships at all) are you going to offer your backers a free iPad 3 keyboard? Guys bugs happen - that's innovation for you. Thanks for keeping us all up to date and for caring about the commitments you made. One BIG question I have is. The iPad 3 I have held off getting an iPad 2 an soldiered on with an iPad 1 but for sure will get a 128g iPad 3 when they are announced next week. What are your plans to quickly develop a revised screen if this is needed or if the magnetic screen mount still remains the same can I switch my order from iPad 1 style to iPad2/3 style. Regards A fellow innovator Well, last update says you're having issues with the mold. Considering this and the all following steps to come, what's the new timeline appears to be? I appreciate your keeping us posted. Good luck with the good work. Hey Steve and Brad, Thanks, as always, for the updates. No sweat re the delay. Cool, new stuff always takes more time than expected. It'll be worth the wait. Cheers! Thanks for the update, guys! There's no rush. We know you are doing what you need to do to make it work. Stay focused... I got a TouchFire for me and one for my Dad for Christmas. He works in R & D for a small scientific instruments firm. It's an extra part of the gift for him to be an observer (as opposed to being the guy under fire) for a new product release. He thinks it's much nicer to be smiling sympathetically instead of agonizing over the delays. You're doing a great job! Hang in there. What is the status (with specifics) on the production and delivery of this product. Please answer the following questions: 1. When did the actual production of the product itself begin? 2. Have you completed the production process or is it still underway? 3. You said in a previous posting that the mailing would begin in late February. Have you completed the packaging for the product? Have you prepared all mailing materials for the product? Have the delivery packages been given to UPS/ USPS, or whatever firm you are planning to use? If not, what is the specific date when you plan to take that step? Please respond to this inquiry. In my opinion, and compared to others who have used Kickstarter for their products, your communications have been few and far between. Ok iPad3 is on the way, and there is no sign of the keyboard for iPad2. Guess you were just a little overly optimistic about your ship date. Or it's just complete BS. Either way, I am kind of over this. Good luck with your nearly obsolete product. I can't imagine when I get this useless hunk of plastic and how stupid I will feel if it ever shows up. Good object lesson, I guess. please ignore Ipad 3 question, saw your earlier response!! Cant wait to see it!! So, with all the Ipad3 noise, whats the thoughts on touchfire compatibility with Ipad 3?? Looking forward to it! I'm curious whether the smart cover can be rolled up, or whatever it's called, with the soft keyboard in place to be used,say, to watch videos. Hey, I have a question. I understand why you're starting with a keyboard for the horizontal orientation, and I want one of those and am looking forward to using it. But are you considering making one for the vertical orientation also? I'd buy one of those also in a heartbeat. Oops - sorry guys, should have read both pages of comments. Yes, the keyboard does work with ipad 1. Looks great, but how will this work with the original iPad...it was not specified for iPad 2 when in design. I don't think smart covers work with iPad 1 - or do they? I just love the new design of the clips! I use a different cover and worried that the clips would not work well or even at all, and with this new design, i bet it will. Great job, great thoughts! thanks! planning on getting the ipad 3 i too want to know if the touchfire will work with the ipad 3. You reckon your product will work with ipad3? Hi team TouchFire -- I have a friend who is interested in one -- may I pledge an additional 45 some how to get them one too?? thx much anne conroy When will the soft keyboard be shipped? I funded on Dec 10 2011, and haven't got yet. I'm still waiting. Please let me know when I receive the products ASAP! When am going to get mine? Hi Brad and Steve, Dumb question. Most of the typing on my iPad is in doing emails. Can I use the TouchFire to write and reply to emails without having to reposition the TouchFire on the iPad? I got mine too, but from their updates, it looks like the factory will be closed Jan 20th for 10 days or so, so I wouldn't look for it till the end of Feb at the earliest. But Can't wait!!! Yay! Just filled out the survey! I'm guessing that must mean the ship date is near?!? Congratulation guys! Look forward to see the product in Singapore. This user's account has been deleted. Bravo, guys! Toby & Philip Flax Congratulations on being funded! It was exciting being part of this wonderful product from the ground-level. Cheers! I've been debating about a keyboard for two months now...and its amazing how I stumbled across this product Friday night...I had the whole household watching video so indeed it was a joined effort that I take the leap and vest in the TouchFire. Congrats guys! It feels like a NEW YEAR's EVE CELEBRATION! I've been watching around the clock since Friday night... I mostly enjoyed reading all of your interviews, write-ups and video posting and I look forward to testing both black and white keyboards. Congrats! If you keep exceeding goals like this in the future, you'll be wildly successful! Look forward to having your fantastic product in hand and start showing it off! Good for you Steve and Brad... Over 3000 backers and $200K.... I just ordered an Uber Special-- we are going to be the coolest teachers in school! Thanks Steve and Brad!!! Don't forget to add shipping to your pledge for those living outside the US. Please add $10 to your pledge for shipping to Canada, $25 for International shipping. Steve and Brad, This is a GREAT product idea! Boy, do I love ingenuity and creativity. I am so proud to see how much support your product has garnered. Obviously, the support has exceeded expectations. I know this will sound archaic, but I don't own an ipad because of the onscreen keyboard. Totally hate it on my iphone. I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of my TouchFire so I can go get the Ipad. . . Who purchases an accessory before the product. I guess when it is a product as wonderful as this. . .it's plausible. Congrats! I bid you Godspeed. Shipping Address? Hi, I just pledged $45. My billing address and my shipping address are different and there was not a way to specify this when making the purchase. Who do I need to talk to ? thanks, Brian You can send me email here: BrianBraatz (AT) gmail.com Just pledged for both a Variety Pack and a Standard Pack - even having the card to say this is coming will make it the best gift under the tree this year. Best-in-class idea, design, workmanship and product. Congrats to both of you on what is likely just the beginning of all the success you'll have with TouchFire! Since you're using the same magnets as the smart cover, will the iPad go to sleep when you apply the keyboard? Brilliant product. I can't wait to be able to finally be able to type on my ipad. It will go from being a media device and sometime work tool to ... laptop. Stoked. Clearly this thing is going to be a direct-to-consumer winner. Are you thinking of wholesale distribution to? Nate VP Shipwire Fulfillment Just a thought and maybe you've covered this already, but what happens to the keyboard when it gets dirty? Is there a way to clean it? I have two dogs(LOTS of dog hair)! No worries. Already a backer at the $45 range. I'll create another account and make another $45 pledge.... that is unless I can gather some friends to go in at the $200 pledge point. :) Not to be super annoying or anything... but would it be possible to pledge at the $80 range to get the KICKSTARTER SPECIAL! but get them both in black? Any idea about when the finished project will ship in the US? 100K backers! Nice job guys... congrats on breaking 100k!!!!!! 1000% funded will in make it in time :() Click on Manage Your Pledge and change the amount to $90 in the pledge amount box... I just paid $80 on Amazon. I am from Canada and could find no way to add the $10 frt. what do I do. <email>. Dec 1-2011 what is the website for touchfire? Hahaha, good deal. There's quite a bit of torn thoughts and opinions on the iPhone one, but I for one, really like the idea of it. And the original ones who came up with the idea have done nothing to bring it to fruition. Packing suggestion: If you can roll up the TouchFire then why not put it (and its additional parts located in the end part(s) or integrated with the rolled up TF) into either a carton or plastic (both made from reusable materials) tubing device. Good outside design. People can then use it to take/pack the TF with them wherever they go. A little different! Good luck. You guys need to make this a reality: <url>#!/SmartKeyboard Thanksgiving traveling made lighter! touchfire allows you to leave your laptop. istore is watching! Congratulations again... 1000 backers... TouchFire, Human Interface for Glass - <url>