The Kickstarter is over, but if you missed out on backing us, not to worry. You can still join the thousands of other awesome Twine owners by pre-ordering on Supermechanical. It's the next best thing to being an original backer! Connect your things to the Internet, without a nerd degree. Follow us on Facebook or Twitter. Want to hook up things to the Web? Maybe you want to get a tweet when your laundry's done, or get an email when the basement floods while you're on vacation. Even if you're good with electronics and programming, these are involved projects. Instead of worrying about wiring or networking code, you can focus on your idea. Twine is the simplest possible way to get the objects in your life texting, tweeting or emailing. A durable 2.5" square provides WiFi connectivity, internal and external sensors, and two AAA batteries that keep it running for months. A simple web app allows to you quickly set up your Twine with human-friendly rules — no programming needed. And if you're more adventurous, you can connect your own sensors and use HTTP to have Twine send data to your own app. Twine lets you create Internet-connected systems and objects anywhere you have WiFi. Compact, low-power hardware and real-time web software work together to make networked physical computing simple and versatile. How it works Twine is a wireless module tightly integrated with a cloud-based service. The module has WiFi, on-board temperature and vibration sensors, and an expansion connector for other sensors. Power is supplied by the on-board micro USB or two AAA batteries (and Twine will email you when you need to change the batteries). The Spool web app makes it simple to set up and monitor your Twines from a browser anywhere. You set rules to trigger messages — no programming needed. The rules are put together with a palette of available conditions and actions, and read like English: WHEN moisture sensor gets wet THEN tweet "The basement is flooding!" We'll get you started with a bunch of rule sets, and you can share rules you create with other Twine owners. Because the hardware and software are made for each other, setup is easy. There's nothing to install — just point Twine to your WiFi network. Sensors are immediately recognized by the web app when you plug them in, and it reflects what the sensors see in real time, which makes understanding and testing your rules easy. Sensors Right out of the box, Twine has an internal temperature sensor and accelerometer. We're also making additional external sensors. That brings the initial total to: internal temperature sensor internal accelerometer (for vibration, impact, and motion detection) a magnetic switch (useful for doors and anything else that moves) moisture sensor (detect the presence of water) breakout board --- provides analog or digital input, power and ground (allows you to easily wire up other sensors that you think up — no soldering required!) When you plug these into the multipurpose jack, they pop up on the web app ready for you to add to your rules. If we go over our Kickstarter goal, we'll be able to develop additional sensors for you to choose from (up to three). For every additional $10,000 we raise, we'll offer our Kickstarters the chance to vote for another sensor. These might be an RFID reader, a pressure sensor or a current sensor. Update: We went *way* over our original goal, so we're going to be making all three of the new external sensors. Backers can expect to see the first poll soon. We'll put the projected cost and availability dates for each sensor in the poll. Output Using our simple web app you can configure Twine to speak in a variety of ways. At the moment we support: Text messaging (SMS) Twitter Email Configurable HTTP request (for fancy applications) Each of these let you include sensor values (like the temperature) and your own text. Holiday note: We've sent the physical holiday cards to the printer, but the digital "print-at-home" edition is still available. Where we are, where we go next Drawing on our experience in hardware and software, we've spent the last few months creating working prototypes and near-final forms. We are truly excited about getting Twine into people's hands to see what new uses others will find for it. Our Kickstarter will fund final refinement of our prototypes and the equipment and parts needed for production. The more funds we raise, the quicker we'll be able to add new features that make Twine even more powerful and simple. We have big things planned — and because it's all on the network, software upgrades to the web interface and to Twine itself come automatically to you. If you agree with our vision of simple physical computing, contribute to our project with your dollars, word of mouth, and creative ideas for Twine! It’s been almost two years since we launched Twine on Kickstarter; we couldn’t have done it without your help. Time has flown by since then, and now we’re excited to announce our new Kickstarter campaign! Range. Smart thermometer, smarter cook. Talking to a lot of our Twine users who cared about monitoring temperature, we realized that many of them made food and drink as both professionals and enthusiasts, and wanted to do it better. This struck a chord with those of us who don’t have the cooking intuition that our moms and grandmothers do, but love experimenting in the kitchen, especially with old family recipes. With Range, you can take the guesswork out of cooking. Clip it on or stick it in and set an alert for the desired temperature with the Range app for iOS (we include presets for common uses). While you do the dishes or sip on a well-deserved glass of wine, Range graphs the temperature over time so you can learn and improve from each experiment. Once the temperature is reached and your roast has achieved perfection, Range tells you. You’re already a pro at using your iPhone — Range can help you become a pro at kitchen craft as well. Soon, your home brew will be the talk of the neighborhood. Better throw a few steaks on the grill to feed all your newfound friends. Welcome to the internet of poultry. And beef, and beer, and chocolate... Range has just launched on Kickstarter, and we wanted you to be among the first to know. (And we've included pledge levels with access to the API for the nerds.) If you’re interested, just follow the link above to check it out! Thank you again for supporting us with Twine; we wouldn’t be here today without you! -The Supermechanics Guess what, guys? We have a new sensor ready for you and your Twine! Have you wanted to monitor the temperature in your refrigerator or the deep freezer you keep your ice sculptures in? Have the metal walls been holding you back? The external temperature sensor is perfect for monitoring the temperature in your fridge, freezer, or anywhere else you wouldn’t want to stick your Twine because of a hostile environment or lack of Wi-Fi reception. The external temperature sensor has a 5 ft. cord, is rated for temperatures between -55ºC and 125ºC (-67ºF and 257ºF) with accuracy of +/- 0.5ºC over the entire range, and is water resistant. It draws significantly more power than the other external sensors, so you’ll want to have your Twine connected to external power when you’re using it. Just a reminder: we’ve mailed out all the Twines we have the information for, but there are quite a few stragglers (you know who you are) that we still need address confirmation and/or payment for international shipping from. If you haven’t gotten your Twine yet, email us at <email> so we can send it to you! -The Supermechanics Twine 2.0 Remember when we mentioned we were undertaking a major rework of Twine's radio firmware to improve battery life? It’s here, and it brought some friends! You can start this update from your Account page. Under "Your Twines" you'll see a link to "Upgrade to 2.0 firmware" — tap on that and follow the instructions. The website has been updated as well so make sure you clear your browser’s cache too. Read on to understand all the implications before you upgrade. Battery life With the radio update, we’ve doubled battery life for you. Twine will be able to run 2 months or more on 2 AAA batteries. Of course, your battery life will vary based on how you are using your Twine. Is your Twine happily sitting in your basement waiting to tell you if a flood is coming, or listening for another infrequent event? You’ll get more than 60 days. Do you trigger rules constantly or do a lot of tinkering? Battery life should still be improved, but not dramatically. Of course, if you don’t want to rely on batteries, that's why we gave Twine a micro USB port — you can use it to plug into the wall. The update comes with a change that makes this extended life possible: your Twine’s dashboard will update every 20 minutes. This will not affect how you receive notifications — when your rules are triggered, Twine will notify you right away, same as before. (If you don't mind even less frequent dashboard updates, you can change this to 60 minutes under your Account page for an extra couple of weeks' power.) If you’d like to keep your Twine updating every minute like it does now, you can ignore the update — you just won't get the battery life improvement. Sharing the dashboard You can now share your Twine’s dashboard, or just one sensor. Email a link to a standalone web page, or embed it in your own web page. We even made special widgets for Panic Status Board . In your Twine’s rule page, tap on the “Share” button in the dashboard and check “Let others view my data” to see all these options. Only the people you share the key with will be able to see the data. Don’t want to share anymore? Uncheck the box, and your Twine’s data is private again. Networking improvements and more What else is included in this update? Support for hidden networks (with the 2.0 radio update). Networking improvements for even better reliability. More accurate timekeeping. Quicker triggering of multiple actions. Celsius reporting in rules (if your Twine is already in Celsius, you’ll need to click on the ºC to switch to Fahrenheit and then back to Celsius to enable this). And lots of smaller tweaks to make things better all over the place. Pebble notifications aren’t included in this update. We’ve done everything needed on our end to get it ready, and we’re just waiting on Pebble to finish up. Last but not least, you'll notice that we've exchanged the formerly unwieldy address of Twine's web app for the svelte new <url>’s Day? (Of course he would). Tell us why he deserves a Twine for a chance to win a Twine + full sensor kit (retail value $199.95). All you have to do is follow us (@supermechanical) on Twitter, tweet what your Dad would do with his Twine (or what you'll do for him), and mention @supermechanical by 12:00 noon CST on Friday, June 7th. We’ll announce the winner and ship it out on Monday, June 10th, so you’ll get it in plenty of time for Father’s Day (open to US residents only). When you enter, we’ll send you a 10% off coupon code so even if you don’t win, you can get your dad a Twine! It’s that time of year. As they say, April showers bring May flowers (and flooded basements). Moisture sensor special Twine has already saved Rick and Ken’s basements from extensive damage — yours could be next! Rick sent us this tweet (you can check out how he set up his Twine in his blog ): Do you need a moisture sensor? For the rest of April only, get 10% off a moisture sensor or Twine + moisture sensor kit by entering coupon code SPIDERS at checkout. How-To use the moisture sensor Check out our blog to see how to set up your Twine to monitor your basement for flooding in 3 easy steps. You can also use the Twine to monitor the sump pump in your basement. A moisture detection rule combined with a vibration rule to let you know when/if the pump turned on is the perfect solution for your personal flood zone in one box. Don’t have a basement? Lucky you! You can also use the moisture sensor to monitor your AC drip pan. We post how-tos on our blog every week. See how to turn your Twine into a motion sensor with the Breakout Board, or an exercise bike with the Cloud Shield. What’s coming for Twine: Support for ºC reporting and other surprises will be included in the next update! We received our Pebble last week (it looks great on David’s arm), and we’re working with Pebble to add support for notifications. The Davids are in the middle of a major change in the way Twine's radio subsystem works – this will give Twine a significant boost in battery life. -The Supermechanics A couple things we forgot to mention last week: Long cable special Did you know that we now sell longer cables for your sensors? At 10 feet long (3 meters for our overseas friends), these can reach places the standard cable can't. They're also shielded to ensure signal integrity (which can be a problem at long distances and low power). Keep your Twine high and dry in the basement while the sensor does the dirty work! In honor of adding support for long URLs, we’re running a special on long cables in our store! We’ve dropped the price for everyone, and you’ll get free domestic shipping on long cables if you order by April 6 — this Saturday. Shhh... we're only telling Kickstarter backers. Austin hardware love We love living and working in Austin. Aside from the great food, weather and music, we like it here for the concentration of hardware makers. At SXSW Interactive last month, our pals at the brand new and already excellent ATXHW group put together a hardware Kickstarter Q&amp;A, and John got to take part alongside some of Austin's finest. Read more at MakeBlog. We want to give a shout-out to them — if you like what they're making, get yourself some new gear and support small businesses doing something unique. Cinetics raised $480K with their Cineskates slider tripod and another $114K with their CineMoco project. You can get these at <url>’s got a few new tricks up its sleeve, and no, this isn’t an early April Fools joke! Twine 1.3 Spring brings a new update for your Twine. Here’s what’s included: - Twitter support. Now your Twine can tweet to your friends that the basement is flooding (or just @you that the laundry is done). - Support for Cloud Shield ( <url>— our original promise was "Connect your things to the Internet without a nerd degree." But you might have had an experience with sending text messages that didn't meet this promise. We relied on carriers to support their email gateways to send free SMS, but the fact that it's worked inconsistently for some people hasn't been acceptable. So we've invested time into rewriting this, and now Twine can send text messages to virtually any number, regardless of carrier or country. Unfortunately, each message costs us money, so we're making this a paid option for Twine to cover these costs. But this allows us to add some new features, too: all texts and calls will come from one number so you can save your Twine as a contact; and your Twine can optionally call you and speak notifications with the new phone call action. We're not taking away anything — the Twine account you have now will always be free, and as you read at the top of this email, continues to get new features. If the previous email-based SMS works for you, you can continue to use it through the email action. Learn more about the SMS/voice call upgrade — it's pay-as-you-go and you can cancel anytime. Try it, and if you aren't happy with it, we'll refund the cost of the account — just let us know within the first month. Please email us at <email> if you have any questions or feedback! -Christina <url>– As spring approaches (at least in the northern hemisphere), we hope your Twine is bringing reports of warmer temperatures! We’ve got an exciting new external sensor ready, and some some details about Twine’s battery life for you. Announcing the Twine Cloud Shield Stack Cloud Shield on your Arduino, connect it to Twine, and get email, texting, calling, and more in a jiffy. With Cloud Shield, you can add the ability to trigger any Twine output from your Arduino sketch with three lines of code, so you can focus on your idea and not debugging networking code. Want to see how easy it is? Want to see how many bananas (spoiler alert!) we can fit in a minute long video? Check out the video . What could make this even better? For a limited time only, if you get a Twine + Cloud Shield kit now, you’ll get $10 off! Already have a Twine, but want the Cloud Shield? Free shipping for you (domestic only)! In the video, you get a special sneak preview of a soon-to-be released notification method, phone calls! Your Twine will call you with the text you type in the action. It will be available as a paid option. Battery life update First of all, don't worry! We're not done reducing power consumption and are continuing to invest development resources into improving Twine battery life. The Twine 1.2 release not only added new features like vibration support, but also reduced the power used by the accelerometer and external port. Here's the situation at the moment: 1. In fixed installations, you can use virtually any micro-USB power supply to run your Twine. Here's one on Amazon with free shipping. Twine will automatically fall back to batteries if external power is lost. 2. This pie chart below shows how much power each Twine component uses. As you can see, the WiFi radio accounts for about 76% of Twine's power consumption. That's a big, but unfortunately very necessary chunk! To further improve battery life, we have started a major rework of the way that the radio subsystem works. This effort will take some time to complete, but should make very significant reductions in the amount of power that the radio uses. We'll keep you updated as we get closer to release. We've gotten to meet some of you at SXSW, and we're happy that we have all of you as backers — of Twine and of our passion for making our world smaller and friendlier through connected objects. Our team continues to work on making Twine better. As always, please email us directly at <email> if you're having any sort of trouble or haven't yet gotten your Twine reward, and we'll help figure it out. - The Supermechanics Hello Backers, We have good news and more good news for you. Shipping Update: The whole team worked hard (because we love our Kickstarter backers so much) to ship out all the Twines we had the information for in December, but we still have some lonely Twines to mail. If you haven’t gotten your Twine yet, we probably need you to confirm your shipping information or pay for international shipping. Check your account at <url>’t want everyone to see your personal information). Twine Update: It’s been a great week for Twine! It's been reading self-improvement books and now it's got some new features to show you. Here’s what’s included in the Twine 1.2 update: 1. Vibration sensor functionality. 2. Several small reductions in power consumption. 3. Celsius temperature readings, for all our international friends. 4. UI improvements, including Wi-Fi signal and battery life bars and an improved fast mode switch. To get the update, resave the rules on your Twine. For more information on what's new, check out our blog: Update 1.2 If you’re looking to expand your Twine’s repertoire, you can get 10’ cables and additional sensors in our store. Looking for ideas on how to use your Twine? Check out our how-tos , and mingle with the Twine community (Where all the cool kids are hanging out these days — you should be there too.) -Christina and the Supermechanics Hello backers, New Breakout Guide Time for a quick update. First of all, we've put together a guide on how to use the breakout board to connect all sorts of things to Twine. Check it out here: Using the Twine Breakout Board If you don't have a breakout yet, you're missing out---grab one at the link below: Get your Twine breakout board! International Shipping We also been making some good progress on the international shipping front. First, we fired our previous international shipping company, and moved all international shipping in house to keep a closer eye on it. As of today all international Twine only packages have been shipped. We have also shipped 80% of international Twine + magnetic switch packages, and the remaining 20% should be out tomorrow. We are currently processing 150-200 international packages per day and are chewing through our ~600 package backlog rapidly. Thank you for your patience as we plow through our remaining shipments. Have a problem? If you think that your Twine should have arrived, but it hasn't---drop us a note. Chances are that there was a problem with your shipping address, or some other small issue. We'll try to get you fixed up right away. Take care, David, John, and the Twine team. — Giving thanks for the last year; Kickstarter status; a bright new hardware partner; Black Friday sale Greetings, supporters and friends — A year ago today, we (David and John) launched the Kickstarter campaign for Twine. As it took off in the first days, the two of us were excitedly texting back and forth, in the midst of (barely) helping with household Thanksgiving preparations. Our expectations for the campaign were blown out of the water because of all of you, and for this, we're thankful. However, our expectations for Twine have always been high. Those of you who have gotten your Twine now understand the standard we hold our work to, and know that we aren't resting any time soon. Your Twine is an infant, and we're expanding its capabilities. Closing out the Kickstarter The Kickstarter is not quite over yet. We still have a couple hundred Twines to ship out to backers. We've begun shipping to international backers, and we expect to have everyone's Kickstarter Twines in the mail in the next two weeks. You don't have to email us asking for your status yet — you'll get an email when your Twine ships. (Thank you for being patient just a little longer.) And Twine continues to get smarter. We're finding and fixing the inevitable early bugs with your help. And we're building up support, documentation and how-tos for the community. Christina, our new customer support chief, aims to smooth out any bumps in your Twine experience, and has a bagful of Twine ideas to share. When you get your Twine, visit the forums and share your own ideas and how-tos. Listen to your world, control your lights with Twine+Spark <url>— the campaign is in progress, and this won't become reality without backers. We want to create awesome Twine+Spark applications, so show them some of the same generosity you've shown us. Black Friday sale We're proud that we were able to completely design and manufacture Twine in the USA, and as an American company, we of course have to participate in the grand tradition of Black Friday. This Friday, November 23rd only, you'll be able to buy any Twine kit from our online store for $10 off. And now that our shipping crunch is easing, we promise to have your order delivered by Christmas if you're in the US. (We'll also do our best to do the same for other countries, but no promises.) Thank you It's been an eventful year. Like any parents, the two of us have experienced the extremes of elation and stress. We've learned much about building Twine as a product, and Supermechanical as a business that can keep building products. Your understanding of the insane amount of work that we've had to do as a tiny hardware/software startup has been great — and as we now start to grow, we'll be able to do even more, at a sustainable pace. We've had several valuable contributors, but the greatest has been our first full-time employee, David Clift-Reaves, aka the production chief and shipmaster. As shipping settles down, he'll be able to turn his engineering talents to product development, as will we. We have lots in store! Our thoughts from a year ago came back to us when one of you sent us the photo at the top, of his Twine monitoring the temperature of a turkey thawing in the garage. This is awesome — you are awesome! We're working to make sure you continue to play a big part — Twine's community is a strength, and for this, we're thankful. — John and David, for the Supermechanical team Many of you have received an email saying your Twine has shipped, along with a tracking number. You may have also discovered that the tracking number you got is completely wrong! This is a major screw-up on the part of our shipper — we're not happy about it, and we've fixed it for the future. We don't have the correct tracking numbers for you, unfortunately. However, the packages are getting delivered to the correct addresses. We applied the address labels to your Twine boxes ourselves, and the first backers to get bad tracking numbers reported that their Twines showed up. We're very sorry for this. We know how cruel it is to finally get that email, and then be told that your own Twine is going to some other person. Rest assured that this is not the case, and you'll soon have an aqua-colored bundle of joy on your doorstep. — John Hi Backers, It's time again for an update! The last month has been super busy---we're been testing every single Twine and sensor, folding and packing boxes, and shipping things out the door. There's so much to do that we even have a bunch of new help, Christina, Quinn, Matt, and Chris!!! Here's the current status by the numbers: 1,029 Twines shipped so far and accelerating. This week will be our first to hit 1000 per week. 2,800 Twines delivered from our New Hampshire factory and tested (more arriving every week). 9,000 Sensors manufactured, testing more than halfway complete. 48,000 pieces of cardboard folded to form 6,000 Twine boxes. That's about 678,000 folds! Shipping status for US orders: David Clift-Reaves, our ship master, has been rocketing through our shipping backlog. By the end of this week almost all US Twine-only, Twine+sensor, and Twine+breakout orders will have been shipped. Time in transit is currently 7-10 business days. Twine full packages are also going out, but it will take a few more weeks to process the entire batch. Shipping status for international orders: Shipping internationally in large quantity has been an adventure. We've gotten Twine CE approved and certified by wireless regulatory agencies in a variety of countries. We have to do all of this certification because otherwise customs might confiscate our packages. (Eek!) The last major hurdle is doing international address verification to make sure that we have all of the addresses in the proper format so that packages don't get lost or mis-delivered. The first small batch of Twine-only units has gone out, and David has been hard at work to accelerate us up to full speed. We anticipate hitting full throttle by the end of next week. New Developments The engineering department hasn't been asleep either. Today we launched version 1.1 of the Twine software which allows Twine to recognize external sensors, improves the setup process, reduces power consumption, and fixes a number of bugs that we've encountered so far. If you'd like to check it out, just re-save your Twine rules and you will be automatically updated. Take care, David, John, David, Christina, Matt, Quinn, and Chris Today we hit a huge milestone in the history of Twine—-we started shipping! More on the blog: <url>— read more at our blog . Designing an object for mass production is just as painstaking and amazing as any traditional artisanal process. It's a great feeling to make something that meets your vision and is produceable at scale, and we've hit that milestone with Twine's case, and pending a final assembly check, the electronics. Our hand is hovering over the button for full production — 500,000 parts coming together to make all the Twines! Read about it at the blog: <url>— all at the blog . Since our last update we’ve really gotten into a productive groove here in Austin. Maybe it’s the sunshine, maybe it’s the much cheaper beer — whatever it is, it’s really been working. Status report on all fronts at our blog: <url>— the schedule for the final stretch, a tour of the assembly process in New Hampshire, and lots of photos. Read it at the blog: <url>— it’s been a while. We’ve been working as hard as ever, but refactoring C functions and moving lines by .005” do not lend themselves to blog posts. We've now got a pile of things to share with you — literally. Read the whole update at our blog. (We also randomly post tidbits on Facebook and Twitter if you'd like more Supermechanical in your diet.) We also have some important homework for backers: the Spool site has been updated with your shipping address — please check that it's correct and make any changes there. Many of you haven’t yet signed up — if you didn’t get the registration email (check your spam folder), let us know at <email> with the email address you used for Kickstarter, and we’ll resend your registration link. Hi Backers, We've got a *huge* new update for your over at the Supermechanical blog. Grab a beverage, and have a gander! A nice big and juicy Twine update is now up on the Supermechanical blog: <url>"The kids have watched enough TV today." WHEN Bedside Lamp is turned off THEN tweet "Goodnight, John-Boy." Hello, friends and backers — as you can imagine, we've been very busy since our Kickstarter ended. Forgive us if we don't answer messages right away; we're clearing away the backlog. We finally had time to count the votes for the second additional external sensor (which we'll develop for sale after Twine has shipped), and the current sensor won with 45% of the votes. This sensor snaps over the power cable of your AC devices and measures power consumption from 0-50 amps, or whether a device is on or off. It will be priced at $45. If your choice didn't get picked, we'll soon have one more sensor vote. Second place was again the external high-temperature sensor, so that will get another chance. We'll have a big update next week! Until then, have a good weekend. John and David Hi Backers, We're starting to test Twine with lots of different brands and models of wireless access points. Would you please help us out by telling us what kind of access point you have? Please tell us what router you have here: <url>— you guys are amazing . When we started this 6 weeks ago, our expectations were modest, other than making a product that we wanted and that others would find useful, too. John and I cannot believe that you pushed Twine past 550K, making it one of the most successful crowd-funded projects ever! We are going to take good care of you. Twine will be that much more polished and ready to rock because of your support. Missed the Kickstarter? Not to worry. You can still join the thousands of other awesome Twine owners by pre-ordering at the Supermechanical site. It's the next best thing to being an original backer! It's time for us to hunker down and start cranking out Twines now. We'll keep you up to speed on our progress with updates every week or so. Until then, have a fantastic 2012! David Carr and John Kestner Friends, This crazy Kickstarter ride is almost over, and Twine is nearing $500,000 in funding. It sounds incredible to our ears, but our thousands of incredible backers have made it possible! Help us surpass that big round number by Tuesday — support or share the project one more time... here's a video to help if you need more ideas: <url>"Not a creature was stirring." WHEN motion sensor detects motion, THEN tweet "Someone's peeking at gifts under the tree!" Our backers have spoken, and the first additional external sensor (which we'll develop for sale after Twine has shipped) has been selected. The IR motion sensor took it in a landslide with over half the votes! This sensor senses movement from up to 5 meters away and has a 90º field of view. It will cost $40. If your choice didn't get picked, don't fret. Second place was the external high-temperature sensor, and that will get another chance in our second sensor poll next week. And between us and your more tech-savvy Twine fellows, there will be how-tos on building other sensors. Happy holidays, John and David So we've been cranking away on all fronts - hardware, software, and all the little things you have to do between. We've continued to have a flood of enthusiasm filling up our inbox, so forgive us if we're sometimes slow to respond. Those of you who requested gift cards can also look forward to something filling your mailbox: Our wonderful, wonderful backers have been busy, too, pushing us within spitting distance of 1000% funding! (Apparently, it doesn't hurt to be featured in Kickstarter's newsletter, either - thank you very much, compatriots.) Some of the great press we've received recently: <url>’t on the list send us a message and we’ll add it to the pool. We’ll cherry pick the best ones and offer them up for a vote in next week’s update. We’re excited already. A little note: Thanks to your fantastic support, your Twine is going to be able to connect to a lot more stuff. Good thing that we set a limit at three sensors, otherwise we’d have to make about 30 at the way things are going! In order to get everyone’s Twines and stock sensors out as soon as possible, we’re going to focus on those initially. Once those are all out the door, we’ll start taking orders for the new ones. Stay tuned. Thanks again — you’ve allowed us to kick this product to a higher gear. And keep talking about Twine! The more funds we raise, the more we can make your Twine do. We love you, David and John We're not taking any free features away, just adding a paid option for people that the email to SMS gateway wasn't functioning properly! Feel free to contact us at help.supermechanical.com with any questions. @architactics Email us at at <email>, so we can figure out what's going with your Twine. We'll get it working or swap it out if it's faulty. Hey all - the tracking numbers should not be a cause for concern. We're waiting on an answer from our shipper as to why they got mixed up, but ultimately the correct address is on each box. You will get your Twine. I apologize for the poor shipping information - automating/delegating this process has been a bumpy road, and as first-timers, we're learning as we go along. -John Twine can take some splashes, but it's not watertight. A ziploc will keep the moisture out. Yes, we neglected to mention why. My comment under the update explains it: <url>#comments If your address has changed, you can update it at <url>— just the bookworms who double-checked their homework. We still think you're great, though. Scott, very very kind of you. We work hard to live up to our backers' expectations, and as patrons you get to share some of the ride, good and bad. We're grateful to all of you. Alexandre, Larry - Twine gets its unique capabilities from its remote partner. As we always say, we designed Twine to be used without needing a "nerd degree", and our approach makes it much easier to set up and use - no software installation, no tethering to a computer, no fiddling with router settings to be able to see your data when you're away from home. Battery life would be vastly shorter and the Twine hardware would cost more. We understand the concerns with a cloud service, and we have worked hard to make sure that what we promised backers is secure and free forever to you. Karyn, we're close but not as close as we'd like, thanks to the production issues mentioned in the last update - but the first boards are being assembled in New Hampshire as I type. We'll go over the remaining schedule in the next update. - John Forgive us, writing comprehensive updates is a hard habit to break, especially when you want to do justice to the interweaving threads of the process. John, Spool stays free for Kickstarter backers - we're not ungrateful. I can foresee some additional services costing extra because we have to pay more for them, but we've got many more things to add to Twine/Spool for everyone. Scott, Twine is an online beast, and our server is an integral part of that. We get a lot out of our hardware because it offloads much of the work to our cloud. HTTP output is designed to send data from Twine to other services - we know that many of the programmers among you have neat things you'll do with this! - John Jim, that's the plan. We should have an update next week, but we're ironing out the issues that have come up in testing, and things are looking pretty good so far! Slow but steady progress. You're right, of course, and the timeline we laid out in Update #20 says it'd be about the end of July/beginning of August, depending on issues that crop up in testing/samples. We'll have enough info to adjust that as needed and update you in the next two weeks, but right now it looks like we're pretty close. We're sorry we don't always communicate well between updates - we're better at making, and the open development process is a new thing. We're still impressed by the level of enthusiasm, and we can't wait to get Twine in everyone's hands as soon as it's ready! Zeb, as in life, there are lots of twists and turns in developing any new electronic product. Big companies hide those and don't announce a product until it's ready, so it looks easy. We're a Kickstarter product, and we've tried to include everyone on this ride from early on. We're not going to waste your pledge by shipping something subpar early. If you like, we'll explain the nature of Kickstarter to your boss. Howdy from Texas, where we've settled in this week. We're rolling the beta units out in stages, so don't think we've forgotten you - you'll get an email. We've got a bunch testing wireless connectivity right now. We'll have an update in the next several days. Don't forget to register for the Spool website - a bunch of you still haven't! This goes double for beta testers. If you can't find the email we sent back in March, email <email> - John Don't worry - since Pebble is shipping in September we'll have time for that later. Our priority is still to get Twine great and in our backers' hands. We're working as fast as we can without skipping quality. Until our next update, check out the first circuit boards (pre-assembly) at the social network of your choice: <url>— Sleepless in Massachusetts We'll have one up in the next two days - it'll be a good one! Hello all - we've been quiet here, but that's because we're slogging through some of the unglamorous parts of making a electronic device. Thanks for bearing with us - we'll have an update next week. In the meantime, you can get a peek at one of the things we're working on: <url>— we'll do right by you. We've read all the emails about the new site and will reply to each as soon as we can. For those of you who have been asking about shipping, we'll have a way for you to make up forgotten international/Canada fees and to change your shipping address. And thanks for the design compliment, Cindy. I just told myself you liked it. :) - John Everything from now is a "pre-sale" and we don't charge until it ships. David, The emails went out today. Check your spam filter if applicable for an email with the subject "Register your Twine account". If you still can't find it, please contact us at help --at-- supermechanical.com Hi Felix, The plan at the moment is to use USPS for domestic shipments. In that case I think your PO box should work. Hey guys, No public web app yet---but we'll let you know the instant it's online. Also, more shipping date information to come soon. See the latest update! We're thinking of waiting to do the third survey until backers have Twine in their hands and get more ideas. A radiation sensor would be cool, though Geiger counters are pretty expensive. Susan, I'm sorry if things aren't clear. Look at the rewards column on the right side of the page. You backed at the $99 level, which doesn't include a T-shirt in order to get the price down. Twine doesn't ship to you immediately - how Kickstarter works is that you're giving us funds to help us complete our project, and that of course takes time. As it says on the side there, estimated delivery is March, and David and I are working 80-hour weeks to try to make it. Thanks to all our backers again, for your patience and support in making something great. - John Sean, yes - you'll be able to save rules and turn them on or off. Jonas, we're still scheduled to ship in late March. Obviously, we were not planning on making so many, but David and I (and helpers) are working overtime to get thousands(!) of Twines out the door, and have them be everything you expect. We'll keep you updated, of course. - John Chris, the shirts went out this week to the appropriate backers, and they are awesome. Update coming tomorrow. Sorry to hear you didn't get one of the pre-gift cards - did you submit your address when you requested it? Sorry to ask, but Kickstarter doesn't give me a way of looking up your info from your comment. Not that it would've been much use to you if you're giving your Twine to yourself! Laird, Twine will work from about 0º-140ºF, though we haven't stress-tested it yet. Beyond those temperatures, battery life starts to suffer. If your fridge is a big metal box, it might have trouble communicating through it, too. Doors are a perfect application for the magnetic switch. We're working double-time to make Twine great and look forward to sharing some cool new features with you soon. Exciting times! Sorin, there is one port to connect an external sensor. Supporting multiple sensors would've increased the complexity and therefore cost, but we recognize the demand, and we'll take a look at addressing this in the future. Right now, the way that you extend Twine with software is by tying the HTTP output to your own external code, so that you can trigger your own actions from Twine's sensors. We have more planned - but first we want to get Twine itself into everyone's hands. We'd say "water-resistant" since the case does have holes in it, but a splash here or there shouldn't hurt it. Twine will be pretty rugged, and we're tweaking the final case to make it as versatile as possible within our budget. David Luong, James pretty much hit the nail on the head. The breakout board is there to make it possible to hook Twine up to things we haven't thought of or had time to build sensors for yet. Once we get a little further a long the road, I want to make a video or two that shows how easy it is to make a DIY connection to all sorts of things using the breakout board. I think you'll be impressed by how easy and flexible it is. We're preparing a messageboard for our community - we love all 3,966 of you and want to keep you hanging around to share your ideas, how-tos and results with others. Patrick, that sounds right. magestik, the breakout board has 3.3V power, ground, and an analog/digital input. Steve and Lee, we'd love to let you choose the backer-voted sensors as part of the pledge package, but they cost quite a bit more and we'd lose money there. Thanks for the suggestions - we will be looking into them once we catch our breath! And of course thanks for supporting us, everyone. This is crazy. Stefan, cool idea. We'll look into something custom, but this should be pretty easy for a programmer to do using our HTTP Request output, and maybe the growlnotify command line tool. Janie, One more comment---it's important to remember that Twine is not a medical or health/safety device. We're really proud of our product and what it can do, but it isn't designed or tested for applications where failure to operate would endanger human life or property. Sorry for the downer message, but we don't want anything bad to happen to you. Janie, this could be done in theory. How would Twine know that you are sick enough to need an ambulance? You could carry it in your pocket, and it might alert someone if you fell (but it would do the same if you just dropped it). Or you could use the motion sensor and if it doesn't detect motion for a while, it could alert someone. Maybe another backer has a smart idea here. Christian, the breakout board works with digital and analog inputs. What Twine gets from this is a number, and your rules look for a specific number or range. So if you connected some sort of a switch, you look for a 1 if you want to know when the switch is on, and 0 when it's off. Or to touch on Paul's comment, you could connect your own analog light sensor to the breakout board, and the number that Twine gets could be between 0 and 255, corresponding to the amount of light. There's some more fiddling with settings, but then the breakout board is for people who want to try other inputs. We'll post more instructions as we polish it. TWINE ALL THE THINGS Christian, the $165 reward includes the breakout board, magnetic switch, and moisture sensor, in addition to Twine's internal temperature and vibration sensors. Sorry for the confusion between these three and the three sensors that backers vote on to be produced to buy later. Happy holidays, all! Thanks, Channa. (And everyone, really.) Celestino, good ideas. The more funds we raise, the more we can build on top of Twine, and faster. Andrew, Twine will be able to connect to more than one access point. Gomisan, our margins are tight and we didn't want to burden all backers who didn't want a t-shirt. We're working hard to deliver Twine as promised, and will continue to add more of the features that you want to grow Twine afterward. We know you're impatient to get Twine and see it grow, and we are too! Wow, the Kickstarter newsletter gave us our biggest day yet - thanks to our newest backers, and to our early backers for sharing the project! Gerald, we think a GPS sensor would be nice, but it'd have limited usefulness since you need an Internet connection to transmit the information. Still, we're thinking about it for the future. As for output, we agree that it opens up many possibilities. We're focusing on delivering what we've promised to backers right now, but stay tuned! Christian and everyone else, we easily hit the three $10K targets to offer three new sensors, so we've been asking for sensor suggestions. We're going to put the best ones up for a vote by backers, starting in the next few days. James - yes, you can have multiple rules per Twine. Thanks for your very necessary backing! Every bit helps us make Twine better, faster. Craig, yes - you'll be able to use multiple Twines in your rules. We'll proceed slowly with boolean logic at first to make sure that ease of use doesn't suffer. robhafernik, Gautham - Right now we're focused on making the Spool rules as easy to use and flexible as possible, as promised to our backers. We will keep our advanced users in mind as we plan how to grow from there. All - thanks for backing and for your enthusiasm which continues to impress us. We're excited too! We are swamped with correspondence so forgive us if we're a bit slow to respond sometimes, but we read it all. 1000! I can't believe it. You guys rock!!! Max, Great idea! We'll send it out a little closer to the Holidays. ¡Muchas gracias por tu entusiasmo! (...y perdóneme por mi Español) Timur, In Spool you'll be able to upload and "configure" the your new DIY sensor. Jeremy, That's great! Glad to hear everything is working for you. Timur, Before we ship, we'll document the interface in such a way that it will be possible to make your own external modules. If that sounds less appealing, the breakout board will make it much easier roll your own. John, The exact time is a variable that we're playing with to optimize power consumption. Hadn't thought of that sort of rule, but it should be possible to implement. Can't promise a specific date though. Christian, Twine uses a carrier's SMS email gateway to handle text messages. If the recipient's carrier is on this list, then it's a good chance you'll be able to send an SMS: <url>"cloudness" of Twine: John and I made a decision early in the project to make Twine a cloud driven device. Hosting Spool in the cloud has number of advantages such as increased battery life, elimination of connectivity issues related to routers and personal firewalls, and enables us to seamlessly add new features for all existing customers without firmware upgrades, etc. The architecture has been designed to be as robust as possible in the event of network connectivity issues, but ultimately Twine *is designed to be an extension of the Internet*. I understand that for some folks, a physical device tightly so coupled to the cloud may feel a bit unique and possibly strange. If that is the case, I offer two thoughts: 1. We simply could not create the seamless end-to-end experience that make Twine unique without this sort of architecture. The capabilites of a cloud-enabled Twine are not limited by the hardware in the device itself, and thus can constantly be refined and increased. 2. Cloud based services don't have to be scary. We are asking you to trust us to take care of you, just like you do Gmail, Dropbox, Facebook, and Flickr. Lastly, Kickstarter you guys rock. Your support and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated. Together we are going to make Twine *FANTASTIC*. Hi Michel, Our web app, Spool, does indeed run in the cloud. Twine itself has a WiFi radio in it that connects to the Internet via your router. On the first start, Twine itself creates a wireless network that you can connect to for initial network setup. From there on, it's straight to the internet! Forgot I had ordered this years ago. I got it a few months later than expected and never took it out of the box. It's stored somewhere in my house and I never tested it. Curious when I can expect my twine. I have not received mine. Curious when I can expect my twine. I have not received mine. FWIW: Dealing with Supermechanical support has been nothing but fantastic. They will absolutely, 100%, take care of you. This user's account has been deleted. You guys are not handling this well at supermechanical. Disappointing Selling mine at a discount for those interested. Original box and break out board sensor included. Send me a message Hey David, I'm still waiting on my twine and no response after sending a couple emails. Any chance you have a tracking number so I can track down the package? Thanks! selling mine. send me a message Still no Twine for me. Anyone in Europe received his Twine? This user's account has been deleted. To the people having battery issues. Have you tried setting the twins up with a static IP address thus mitigating the need to ask the router for an ip everytime it checks in? Selling mine too. Leave me private message. I am wiling to sell mine. Send me a kickstarter message David Luong - If I ever get mine, I'll sell it to you...... Hey! I got my Twine today. Thank you from Germany :-) I would be delighted to sell mine for the $115 I paid. I have been away so could only now respond. Is there a way to post to you privately on this system? Twine sucks. The company sucks more, in my opinion. They just don't respond to inquiries, emails, etc. "Take the money and run." So, I would be thrilled to get my money back and sell mine. It was minimally used. @David: you can have mine. I did not receive my Twine yet, but with the short battery life it will be useless for my use. I sent a cancellation mail today to supermechanical, but had no response yet. So if your friend wants to pay my kickstarter price, it is a matter of changing the address... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Still waiting for my Twine, in China. Could anyone check for me? This user's account has been deleted. The text on SuperMerchanical.com touting batter life lasting for months was at the very top, on the home page. They did a rather sloppy edit to remove the claim of lasting for months. I have a screen capture of the original text. On Kickstarter the claims continue. I have asked repeatedly and have heard nothing from SuperMechanical. No claim they will fix the battery problem, no claim they will fix the missing functionality. No offer to refund money nor to honor the terms of the sale. You should initiate chargebacks with your CDIF card company before it is too late. I suspect SuperMechanical is simply running the clock out until refunds are no possible. I have not yet seen much to indicate that SuperMechanical operates ethically or responsibly, their total unwillingness to communicate should be worrisome. So, how much did these devices actually cost to make? $20? So, this they just walk off with hundreds of thousands of dollars in a huge fraud scam? This user's account has been deleted. Kickstarter home page still has the battery claim "two AAA batteries that keep it running for months". Screen copy made in case chargeback is necessary. @Bitslinger: Where did they change the text? I didn't find any reference on <url>"two AAA batteries that last for months" and now the "last for months" text has been removed. This gives me the bad feeling that they do not intend to provide the level of performance advertised originally. Still no reply or returned phone call from Supermechanical. Have requested a refund from them per the written policy, but they are not responding. My twine gets under 2 weeks of battery life and lacks the advertised features. It would be nice if they honored their agreements and issued a refund. I don't expect service like Nordstroms, but I do expect them to operate as they promised. @supermechanical No twine yet in Copenhagen, Denmark please advise Battery life is extremely poor (5 days) and triggers are not working reliably. Is there a fix, or is my unit faulty? @Matthias Thanks for your info. So it seems that mine is lost... :( @supermechanical Can you help please? Obviously the "two AAA batteries that last for months" claim is ridiculously wrong - with a brand new set of batteries, my Twine lasted about 5 days before I started getting the low battery emails. This device is useless and a big waste of money. I receive mine around christmas and it is working very well. The software support for the vibration sensor is coming, so it is quite alot of possibilities with this one. I think it was a good thing the did the shipping even though all the features are not ready yet. It is good that the team is working hard on improving the device :) @Patrick A. I received mine just before christmas (also stated 3 Dec in Chicago) and was able to pay the customs fee directly at the post office! My Twine runs since 23.12.2012 on the same batteries - but the notifications are not working right... So I monitor it over a small, self written, php script which pulls the data from the twine server ;-) But indeed, Supermechanical is a little bit to silent at the moment... Reading these comments and I am now not knowing if I am happy that I have not yet received my twine or unhappy thinking I will never receive the twine. All I want now is a refund. I am also shocked that they are listing their products up for sale on Amazon at the state Twine is in right now - do they not care about their reputation at all? I got a baaaaaaad vide from Supermechanical now. Still no returned phone call, or a reply email from the Twine folks. I wonder if anybody else is getting responses? of course, no refund, either, despite their legal requirement to do so. My twine sits, unused. I travel frequently and planned on using Twine to monitor a machine. But with a 2-week battery life it is useless...out of batteries before I would return. It sure would be nice of the Twine folks would care enough to answer the phone, email, or talk to a customer. But then, it would also be nice if they quit advertising that the Twine lasts for months on a set of batteries, when this is just a bald-faced lie. Still no twine here yet (Germany) Shipping status is still Dec 3rd Chicago... :-( Any other more lucky? @supermechanical could you advise please? I got mine yesterday here in Brazil and the setup went somewhat smoothly. Had a problem with the magswitch not being detected but then all of a sudden, it showed on my twine page. But to be honest, right now I don't know what else I can do with it. Also disappointed with the vibration thing. So... after some weeks during which I tried to "use" Twine, my conclusion is that this device is absolutely useless as it is today. It cannot support an acceptable number of rules. Rules are only trigerred once when I remove the batteries (which have an autonomy of about 2 days) or when I switch off/on the external power. > Twine was the first project I backed on Kickstater... I am so disapointed that I am not sure to back anything else in the future I'm also disappointed about the lack of vibration detection, as that's 90% of the reason why I purchased it. As for battery life... Lithium batteries last significantly longer. The voltage doesn't sag like Alkaline batteries do even when they still have half of their potential power. Granted, that doesn't make up for the less than stellar battery life of the Twine, but put in a set of Ultimate/Advanced Energizer AAAs and you'll find it lasts a lot longer. It is disappointing that the vibration detection doesn't work out of the box. I had a specific use for which I bought my Twine and now I can't do that. It seems to be on a "to do list" but that wasn't what was promoted. Heads up for people having trouble with setup, I couldn't do it at first, then discovered that the batteries included were flat. "You are preordering one Twine with the built-in sensors plus one additional external sensor breakout board. " I didn't purchase a concept, nor did they sell one. They sold a product. And, they may very well have walked off with hundreds of thousands of dollars. We don't know, they have not revealed their expenses. There are not many scams that yield a net of six figures like this could. In any event we don't need to debate their intentions or "take", these are the facts: 1) Twine does not perform as advertised, more than a year later. 2) The rules of Kickstarter provide that they MUST refund backers. They will not. 3) Basic etiquette is that when you are a business you return phone calls, emails, and you make at least some attempt to resolve problems such as mine...at least a conversation. Something. 4) State laws reaffirm that refund is due. There is still an obligation to follow the law, right? I would be less animated, and would feel less "scammed" if they would dialogue. I don't like this public forum. But they leave no alternative. They continue to advertise a battery life of "months" even though they know this is false. That, certainly, qualifies as "scamming." Bitslinger, you do realise that they did not "walk off" with any money, right? The money we pledged was used to develop a product and has been spent on designing and manufacturing the twine. This is kickstarter, you backed a prototype, not a pre-order of a completed unit. Surely there are a lot of easier ways to scam people (if that is what you are insinuating) than spend months on developing and testing. I don't represent Supermechanical, and the views are my own. Dear John LaRoux: your opinion is no more valid than mine. You have no authority to represent persons other than yourself. I am not writing for your entertainment, nor for anybody else. My Twine just doesn't work. I want my money back. Super mechanical does not answer their phone line, they don't return phone calls nor emails. That is hardly a professional way to run a business. I would not dialogue with them through this comment box if there was any other way of doing so. It may, indeed, be of interest to others to know that it is not only their Twine that does not work as advertised. And, it may be of interest to others to know that Supermechanical has walked off with their $556,541 and doesn't as much as respond to emails. They hide behind anonymous web registrations, third party payment systems, and a Google phone number that they don't answer. So, perhaps what interests you is not what interests 3965 others. I happen to think that what I am writing is highly relevant to a number of other people. If you are happy with your 2-week battery life, lack of motion detection, and a company that ignores customers then perhaps you have no need for this comment area anyway. For those in Germany waiting for their Twines: Received email "Your twine has been shipped" on Nov 30th. Mine was processed December 01, 2012 by USPS in Chicago. Then it was received by Customs on Dec 17th. It arrive at my residence on Dec 22nd. Had to pay an additional 19% on the € Value for Import. Hope this helps @ Bitslinger I think the 3965 of us that are not complaining should get mental anguish damages from YOU for having to read your stupid posts. They are still advertising "two AAA batteries that last for months" even thought it is blatantly false. (Go to www.Supermechanical.com) They know the battery life is not months, yet they continue to advertise this falsity. They do not return my telephone calls, or reply to emails. The product does not work as originally described. It does not detect motion, for example. -------------------------- Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Consumer Protection Act (DTPA) This Act is intended to be liberally construed and applied. BREACH OF WARRANTY: Good cannot do what the sales person said it would do. The consumer shall be entitled to the following: 1) Economic and mental anguish damages; 2) Additional damages**; 3) An injunction; 4) A restoration order; 5) The appointment of a receiver; 6) Revocation of a defendant's license or certificate to do business; 7) Court costs and attorney's fees; 8) Interest; or 9) Any other relief that the court deems proper. ** ADDITIONAL DAMAGES: 1) If a court finds that the conduct of the seller was committed "knowingly," a court may also award not more than three times the amount of economic damages. 2) If a court finds the conduct of the seller was committed "intentionally," a court may also award not more than three times the amount of damages for mental anguish and economic damages. <url>"concept." I will simply suggest that what I paid for was as described: you are preordering one twine. I did not buy into a concept. I preordered a product, exactly as it was described. I simply want what was advertised. Failing to deliver what was advertised I simply want Supermechanical to abide by the published rules of Kickstarter. That is, to issue a refund. It is not unreasonable to expect Supermechanical to simply follow the rules and the law. Really, at this point I would just like a refund. That process should start with a returned phone call or a reply to my polite emails. There are red flags here: why won't they even one single time respond? Twine arrived in Germany today and I picked it from the customs. Now The installation process got stuck and now I need tech support. Let's see how quick they are What we paid for was an attempt to create an idealized object. Nobody knew if it was actually possible. The Kickstarter team has worked really hard to achieve this goal and has made significant progress. If you want a consumer ready product, I suggest you try BestBuy or Saturn next time. Happy New Years. No twine here, too (also Germany). No twine here yet (Germany) Shipping status is still Dec 3rd Chicago... :-( Anyone else waiting? I appreciate your optimism that I will 100% receive all that was promised if I only just wait another year. Given their track record so far, and given that they don't respond to phone calls or emails, nor do they seem concerned with the law, I don't know how you can conclude that they even intend to deliver the promised product. I am especially concerned that they may NEVER deliver the "months of use" on a single set of batteries. Given that the hardware is gobbling up two sets of batteries a month now, why do you even think this can be improved? Isn't battery consumption primarily a hardware problem +/- a few percentage points. I would be gentler and would listen better if they just answered phone calls or emails. Their stonewalling customers leads me to believe that they are either clueless or just crooks. I just want my money back. That is what the original deal allows. It isn't that I am asking for anything I am not entitled to. This user's account has been deleted. They do not seem to be returning phone calls or emails in response to a request for a refund. They are required to issue a refund, according to their agreement with Kickstarter. All I want is my money back. I think that is fair enough. I have waited long enough, more than a year. The Twine does not work as promised. Their customer service won't even discuss this nor will they honor their written agreement. Poor service. Questionable ethics. Sweet, received mine on the 24th (Aus). Hope to have a play tonight... Italy here, my Twine has finally arrived friday, but I've been able to put my hands on it only today. =) Had to pay around 21€ too on delivery. So no integrated vibration sensor? =| What's the micro-usb port for? The pc doesn't recognize it when I plug it in Twine arrived in germany. I had to pay 14,63 VAT (19%) for 77 € value (99 USD) to the DHL-diriver. Thank you german customs for beeing such precise :o) But im not happy with the lacking vibration-sensor. Hope to get this feature soon ;-) Thanks for all the hard work, Twine builders. Ignore the haters. Keep moving forward. The rules of Kickstarter REQUIRE Supermechanical to either issue a full refund or else deliver a reward that meets the advertised specifications: "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." The functionality of the Twine is an integral part of the reward. They have delivered a box which does not meet the advertised functionality. They are required to issue a refund, therefore. In addition, they ARE subject to state Consumer Protection laws. Those laws provide for three times the amount paid to be refunded, plus any attorney fees incurred in obtaining the refund. I am not now asking for this. I only want a refund. The Twine box does not function as advertised. I am entitled to a refund. I do not desire to wait any longer. I will point out that Supermechanical represented the product as only needing tooling and they seriously implied in their advertising videos that everything else was done and ready. This is a clear mis-representation. Again, I just want a refund, which they are refusing to give, in violation of Kickstarter rules: <url>#fundraising_and_commerce This user's account has been deleted. Here is the official response from Supermechanical in response to a refund request: ========================================================== "We are sorry that your Twine has not lived up to your expectations; we’re regularly working to improve it. As a Kickstarter backer, you invested in the development and initial production of Twine. We appreciate your faith in us as we undertook this long process. However, because your Twine was a reward for your Kickstarter pledge, and not a purchase, we do not offer refunds to Kickstarter backers." ========================================================== The Twine is still being advertised has having a battery life as: "two AAA batteries last for months". Originally, when we backed this project the representation was much longer battery life. (One year?) Here are the facts: 1) Twine batteries last only a couple of weeks. Not a year. Not months. The batteries are very difficult to replace. 2) The Twine was advertised as being able to detect vibrations such as a door knock or a washing machine. It cannot do those things which were illustrated in a promotional video. 3) The project took 11 months, not 2, as we all know. Supermechanical is refusing refunds. They use the argument that the products are a reward, and not a purchase. Consumer Protection laws will not see it this way. There was a representation, the "reward" was an integral part of the money paid, and the "reward" fails to perform as advertised. It is pretty cut and dry. The ethics of Christina and Supermechanical are very questionable at this point. They seem at this point to have fraudulently advertised the Twine device and are refusing refunds. This smells of "CLASS ACTION" from start to finish. But, really, I would just be happy with my money back. A 2-WEEK BATTERY LIFE is simply not something that has any use to me. So batteries last 2-weeks and not as advertised. The unit cannot perform the functionality shown in the video. It wasn't delivered at all close to the promised timeframe. It lacks the advertised functionality. And, we are supposed to be happy customers? The 2-week battery life is the absolute killer. What good is it if you must continually feed it batteries...which I will add is no easy task...it is a major project to open the device to get access to the batteries. Really, when will the unit functional advertised? Never? I just recieved Twine and I'm in NL. It took a while before it got through customs because of the import tax we pay on USA goods. Dutchies, be prepared to pay €40 just to recieve the package. It's over 25% of the declared value!!! But now the fun can finally start. @Kieran Marron @Mark Simons Same thing here... Chicago since the 1st Dec @ Mark Simons : I have the same issue. I've contacted Twine and they are not being very helpful.... <url>"Processed through USPS Sort Facility" since November 30, 2012, but I'm still waiting This user's account has been deleted. Received mine a week ago. Sometimes the closest to be delivered gets it last. Shipping is always hazardous. Give it some time :) Still no twine device.... We have been patient but when we start reading that other have received there's..... Update- registered with a different email address and everything's working. Loving it! Got my Twine today in the UK. Nice setup process although I've not managed to log in or register on <url>"anything delivered in december automatically becomes a present" rule, that I came up with. Twine arrived promptly a few days ago - exactly when expected. I must say it is the best packaging I've ever seen for a technical product. Compact, thorough, good use of space, well labeled - a beautiful job on the packaging, folks! And the product - even better! Easy to set up - the web site interaction is well designed and effective. Works very well. Plugged in my water detector, turned it upside down for faster updates, and there it was! Sweet! I am very impressed - far more than satisfied with this product and with my small investment. Thank you, Supermechanical team for a job excellently done! No twine for us.... Come on ship it to us... Twine arrived yesterday and I was able to set it up today. I must say that the setup for this thing is extremely simple. I couldn't believe that it was that quick to set up. I think I might stick it to my garage door and use the orientation sensors so I can tell when the garage door gets opened and closed. I really should have picked up the extra sensors though. This user's account has been deleted. My TWINE accurately reports temperatures in my refrigerator and in my freezers. Amazing considering the steel surrounding them. @ L Van What about Safari on Windows 7 ? I got my TWINE working. I had to set it up initially using my iPad but now can use any computer to access it. Now that I have done that I have to figure out what to do with it. ;-) For what it is worth I had tried setting it up on my 64 bit PC, Windows 7 using Firefox and then Explorer without luck on either browser. No problem on the iPad which is running Safari. I'm not an international backer.... I'm in the US and still don't have mine. :P I'm also a bit annoyed to see twine for sale to the public before I have my own, seems international backers are getting a bum deal - I've been patient and totally relate to the issues involved & I know Kickstarter is not like ordering from a shop, but that's what this project has now become. Can we the collective who've yet to receive out twines or even a shipping date please have an update asap Many thanks This user's account has been deleted. Any chance you could let us international backers know when we might receive our twines? If I don't hear from you in the next week I will be looking to get a full refund. Got my Twine today. It looks cool, great packaging. Rubber case is difficult to move to access the batteries however. My iPhone fines it easily but... wireless network does not through my PC (Windows 7) that computer is connected to the internet through a hard wire from my wireless router. The computer itself has no wireless capability. I can't imagine that I need to disconnect the computer from the internet to get TWINE to work but will try. I get the solid light and when I wait for a connection it stays solid. Still solid when it shows as connected on my iPhone. My browser (Mozilla Firefox) window on twinesetup.com shows waiting for me. I have the latest NetGear wireless router. Its network program identifies all my wireless devices except for TWINE. Any help appreciate. I'll also continue playing and try different browser. Overseas backer here (NL). Starting to get a little worried...didn't recieve any e-mail and the message in the Twine portal has been there for a long time. I'm patient though. What I don't like is that Twine is now commercially available and ships in two weeks according to the site. I'm sure I won't have Twine in two weeks through regular US mail (customs etc.). That just doesn't feel right. I'm in the USA and have yet to receive a shipping number or the Twine itself. When I go to my spool page it says "Shipping has begun! Your Twine's ETA is coming soon." it's been like that for a month. I'm in the $500 group, in the US, when am I likely to get an update on this? Can I get a refund? Haha. "Yours is 2nd in line for international shipping." You guys really suck, shipment pending now for 3 (!) weeks, no confirmation, no wrong code, nothing. Im so disappointed. Even no answers to comments here. @briankb If you look on page 3 on the August 21 entry . This is where I'm getting the future cost on these things. @John are you serious about a monthly subscription fee? I had no idea and I wouldn't pay for that especially at the current retail they are asking for the thing even if it's just a few dollars a month. The $200 covers the cost of it plus eBay+PayPal fees. I'll adjust the buy it now. My Twine is doing next to nothing and I've had it for a week and the batteries are dead. It's not upside down of the quicker updates. Is that normal? @briankb I didnt see in the ebay add anything about the monthly subscription fee needed to use the twine which is waived just for backers. I doubt it is transferable. How about international shipping? I want to know about the schedule! I'm thankful to finally get my Twine with all 3 sensors but I have decided to put it on eBay. The money will go towards other gadgets (arduino, pi, propeller, ect...) and/or pizza. Bids start at $200 including free priority mail and their is a buy it now option for those with more money than patience :-) <url>"shipment pending" take? Weeks? Id like to receive my shipment confirmation. Even with a worng number :-( [Fun Holiday Twine Project] Use Twine to monitor Christmas tree water levels & send alerts when water level is low. Read full article at: <url>"Your incorrect tracking numbers may not be Twines at all, but other packages the shipper processed. Such is the scale of the screw-up.". So it may be useless for us to post what screwed up tracking number and city it was delivered. Tracking number I was given got delivered to Newark, NJ Nov. 17th. Anyone have a number for Coatesville, PA? Anyone have a tracking number for East Meadow, NY? I got one that was for ABBEVILLE, SC and was delivered on the 17th. This user's account has been deleted. @Tracy what city in Florida? My tracking number shows my twine shipped and already delivered to some lucky sog in Charlotte, NC. I'm in Lake City Florida if anyone got a notice with that destination. Yes, please send direct email about the tracking number mix-up. I had to hunt to find the info you posted here, while I was fearing that my twine had been shipped to someone in Florida instead of to me, in New York. Can't wait to get my hands my Twine! :) My two cents: It has been fascinating and frustrating to see the progress over the year. Going from a prototype to manufacturing in volume has not been an easy road. But seeing how the team was paying attention to the smallest of details (tolerances with the extrusion molding, sensors and board fabrication) reassured me these guys and gals were going to create a good product. I know the original and consequent delivery dates were blown; after May I adopted a more zen attitude towards the ship date to calm my excitement: Twine will ship when it ships. By October I came to believe the light at the end of the tunnel was real. In November, I built my own analog Twine sensor: WHEN look out front door and no see Twine box THEN put on a sad face and wait another day WHEN look out front door and see Twine box THEN yell hurray! Hurray! My box arrived. Twine exudes with attention to detail, from the box to the interface. Well done to the team. After shipping the last box you deserve some well earned rest. To those out there with a sad face, my only advice is to be a little more zen. To the team, continue with product excellence. And in time do fix the marketing and shipping departments. Best. Same whining as everyone else - eta coming soon on spool site - 1 month of shipping up to 2 weeks at 1k units out the door, and no information on my twines... can we get a list of order? I'm in country and jealous of all the other kickstarter backers posting on twitter. -wish i had more info after these last 12 months. This user's account has been deleted. Minuk, I got the wrong tracking number, too. However, the device did come the day after I got the notice. Briankb, my 'shipment was pending' for about three weeks before I got a tracking notice. It's a mixed bag, as far as fulfilling my expectations. Some of the design is a bit awkward (that sleeve is a very snug fit!) and there's still some programming work to be done in order for Twine to be the logging device I'd hoped for. If anyone is wondering about the lack of news coming from folks who are already working with their Twines, it's because they're talking in Supermechanical forums. I think it'll be an active enough group to make this into something useful. I'm looking forward to the community (and some help getting a humidity sensor working in that breakout board!) My notice on <url>"Your Twine shipment is pending." I hope that is a true statement and not just a new way of saying there is no information available about your shipment. I got a tracking number! ... but it's going to the wrong address? stil have not received my twine Waiting waiting waiting,, No answer to David's Q????? Any news about international shipping? You promised shipping on Nov 6th at Facebook but nothing happend. Is it really soooo complicated to ship international? What do all the other companies? They just pack the f**ing boxes and send them. Is there any documentation available for the Twine/Spool functions? I'm particularly interested in the configurable HTTP requests and how to use them. For example, will it be possible to have Twine/Spool send updates to a Google Docs spreadsheet, like you do with your "Uses for Twine" doc? When I get my Twine I want to use it in an outdoor setting. How water resistant is it and what should I do to protect it. This user's account has been deleted. I am wondering if my twine got kicked back to you, my company moved recently, any way to see if it has? Or update my shipping adds? Thx... Rich... Any news for London-based backers..? Haven't seen anything arriving here in the Netherlands. i haven't yet received my twine Is there any way to see the progress of the shipments? Got my Twine and it is setup to text me when they turn the heat on at work Monday morning! Very excited to see more API and extensions open up. :) Received my Twine. Setup is a breeze which is nice. Tested some basic functions: orientation and texting (verizon) worked fine. Not really much I can do with it at the moment though. Eagerly waiting for the vibration trigger, which I could see many uses for. Also customizations with an API and 3.5mm pinout for my own input/output. Cheers to a successful Kickstarter. Likewise, i am receiving my purchases from all over USA and they are already here. WTF?! "Your Twine's ETA is coming soon." now unchanged for 4 weeks. Please give me feedback why you dont ship. I receive goods from asia that take three days but you need 4 weeks to just fold the boxes? Im really disappointed... Hopefully soon! :D Sadly, still waiting for my Twine :(. Shouldn't be long now!!! Still waiting on my twine.... I'm getting a little depressed. -Jared Well I received my Twine this morning. So far, I have to say im impressed. Very compact little device. The setup was a snap, now im waiting for my password to get reset. For some reason none of my passwords want to work. I guess I forgot it again. (sigh) Thanks guys for delivering. Im looking forward to enjoying my Twine. Sorry for giving you guys a hard time. And thank you. This user's account has been deleted. How about spool ,when will we get full aces to the web base interface? Backers having received their Twine, do you use spool what do you think about rules settings and so on. Thanks Still waiting for my TWINE. I noticed that they were shipped on Sept 28th. I find it hard to believe it takes over a month to be delivered. How many units were actually shipped? I paid on January 3rd, the last day. So still no idea as to when I can expect it. I hope they are ramping up production. An ETA on the delivery must be possible to calculate & communicate ? I didnt even receiva a shipping confirmation. Would you please optimize your workflow? I received mine a few days ago. I've just started fooling around with it. Overall, it's a pretty compact, neat device. This user's account has been deleted. When will the ETA's on our spool page be updated? I would update your address. If I were to drive up to Austin, could I pick mine up? I'm moving in 3 weeks - is there a way to get an idea of whether I need to update my shipping address or not? Thanks! If you get the extra couple of hundred out this week, that makes 400 in the first month, with 3364 (by my count) more to ship. I'll hope that the shipping really does quicken up, because a year long shipping process is very different to the month long one you intended. I'm literally 3 hours from Supermechanical (in houston) and I have not received anything. Though I have a feeling I will probably be the last person to get mine, if I ever get anything. No Twine delivered yet in USA to me. I am looking forward to getting mine! Thank You Nothing here yet, but I am an international backer. Spool site message "Shipping has begun! Your Twine's ETA is coming soon." This user's account has been deleted. Btw what about the website with possible uses for twine? Will there be such a thing or a kind of community when we get our twine? They mentioned to check your account at <url>"We'll go over the remaining schedule in the next update." When is the next update? i had high hopes for TWINE but that is sooo 2011. by the time the TWINE is shipped and received, probably sometime in 2013, it may be outclassed by the hundreds of other products coming out like Smart Things. TWINE backers wont be the cool kid on the block anymore. Seeing more and more similar competitors floating in Kickstarter; the latest being SmartThings. Delivery ETA still OK? For clarity, we will be forced to use a cloude service? Can twine be programmed and used autonomously? Meanng, can I program twine without leaving my own network? It was not made clear at the start of this that I would have to rely on outside servers. Personally I think if it's cloude based that sucks. Please don't take this as a bith or a whine..it's just one persons opinion. I don't want to have to rely on outside servers. Do you plan to release your code for the twine module and the cloud under an open source licence? It would be awesome! Maybe not so much a challenger, but another representative of the booming popularity of cloud-based sensor monitoring devices. There are getting to be plenty out there in addition to Twine: Ninja Blocks, Electric Imp, Wireless Sensor Tags; also less cloud-based sensors like Phidgets, Shimmers, and home-built things with Arduinos and the like. Nice thing is, the sensors and the communication tech is really getting cheap enough that the garage tinkerer can get them without breaking the bank. All are good in their own way, and their different approaches gives tinkerers choices. And I'd like to commend Supermechanical for running a model Kickstarter, based on guidelines in "About Kickstarter", and the Kickstarter FAQ. The Twine project has been transparent, open, and communicative in a way I've not seen in any Kickstarter I've backed yet. Yes, they are late, but they have been honest about the problem (actually, if you're going to have a problem, let it be exceeding your expected product purchased by a factor of 10!), openly stated a well-thought plan to mitigate the problem, and are openly implementing their plans. They have also been thoughtful with the backer's funding, by carefully working out a plan and schedule, and making the best use of the money at the right time. To borrow a cliche, "no battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy", and there have been hiccups along the way here, but again, communication is the key, and Supermechanical has done an excellent job of keeping backers informed of progress, problems, and solutions to those problems. I feel they have earned my trust, mainly through their openness and willingness to share with us the process; transparency and visibility. I may get my Twine late, but I firmly believe it will be worth the wait, and I have the bonus of feeling like I'm an involved and appreciated participant in the project. This has been, and is, a very educational learning experience. I compare my experience with this project with another Kickstarter I backed that has, by all appearances, been run in a completely diametrically opposite fashion. Yes, I'm embarassed to say that I backed Zioneyez. You compare these two projects, and you really appreciate Supermechanical! We have a challenger (with an aggressive timeline): <url>"mainframe" with "the cloud", and you have the same woes as back then -- when your connection goes down, it all goes down. We've come full circle! Ah well, it's still cool anyway. August 20th has arrived, with the sound of crickets chirping and the second hand of a clock ticking away in the distance. Im glad you guys are working hard, but I dont see whats so hard about letting people know what's going on. You know, the people that helped you get over half a million dollars to complete this project? This user's account has been deleted. Correction: I checked the home page here, and HTTP is mentioned as a method for the Twine to send stuff to a home-grown application. No mention of being able to modify Twine rules offline. So you have to be online with Supermechanical to modify your Twine, but could operate without that connection afterwards. I'm sort of guessing here. Point is, your question is a good one. I haven't heard any news about subscriptions. Hopefully there won't be any. I doubt there would be, seeing as how I believe there will be a way to program and use our Twines "offline". There is a similar product (similar as in "cloud-based sensor monitoring") called Electric Imp. Now that product I believe will eventually have a subscription cost, once they get off the ground and their user base grows enough. And they don't provide a means to operate offline. How much will the subscription to use the spool be when all the twines are delivered to everyone? Zeb it won't help if you keep pushing. These guys have received a huge funding sum and they'll be stupid to risk it just to make someone happy even if the Twine isn't ready. One thing I learned about Kickstarter projects is that they _never_ finish on time. But that's ok with me. I'd rather have a solid product than something I regret spending money on later. Oh and by the way. If you'd follow them on Twitter, you'd get your updates faster: <url>"Lucky 100" is going? Also, once this testing is complete, are we looking at an additional 6 weeks before you start shipping to the rest of us? The last post wasn't totally clear. Great job guys! Thanks for a very cool update. I love the pictures and description of the process. Very exciting. Yep its the 24th, means they may have received the molded parts.So Id say its logistically impossible to assemble and ship by 31st. I would look for June 31st. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Read Read Read. On the last update via blog on 5-10-2012, supermechanical said that the first injection molded parts would arrive in two weeks. That would be around 5-24-2012. My guess is that the finished product would be in peoples hands in about a month from now. This user's account has been deleted. Hey, just checking in to see when I can expect my Twine to ship. Thanks! This is great news since I am part of pebble also. Hey guys, I know it's still some ways away until ship date but an update would be cool - it's been a while? Looking forward to my twine! This user's account has been deleted. Any updates on a shipping date? It has almost been a month since our last updated. Any updated on a shipping date? It has almost been a month since our last updated. Real happy for your dude in sombrero look and the cool car, but would really like a shipping date. Any ETA on when you will be starting to ship? Italy here, I guess it will take around 2 weeks, will it be possible to track the package or will it arrive by ordinary mail? This user's account has been deleted. My company owns and manages commercial real estate properties. Working with Otis Elevator, Johnson Controls is expensive and frustrating, as simple sensors cost outrageous amounts for their proprietary, and sometimes inferior hardware/software. I backed your product with hopes that we will find practical, RELIABLE, uses for your system. Reliable is accented, as a control point failure will result in problems. Perhaps this is an area you prefer not to venture into, as the reliability factor is a key ingredient. But your easy programming feature is very, very attractive. Should be interesting experiment, you should provide us a direct means to contact you as we test your product in this expanded arena. Argh! I'm having a hard time deciding on the sensor. I was originally thinking of putting it on a dog, but I think it may be too delicate. How sturdy is this thing? And have you considered a small, extra-sturdy dog collar version? Great update on the tumblr blog, fun to read about the team. But who is doing your graphic design? Tell that person it's very consistent and well done! Great update guys. I concur with the others, getting it as best as possible for the initial version is key. Have you thought about getting some case makers to do the outer shell for you once you have the specs ready. I know that various shells will give a range in the connectivity of the device, but it might be a good ancillary market for personalization. Keep up the good work! Kudos for the work and updates, that's the spirit of kickstarter. Your update today was amazing and exciting; not only am I looking forward to my Twine later this spring, but the commitment and work you've put into getting it right *and* scaling up your plans caused me to preorder a second Twine -- I've been thinking about more things I can do with them . I echo Dwight's comment -- get it right, the delay is just fine, and wholly understandable given the massive response you've had. We're in your corner and looking forward to seeing the result! If I order another twine will I be charged now or when it ships? Great update... thanks. How cool to have a team so focussed on the goal. The delay, while not what you wanted, is ok with me. Get it right. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Got my survey request today, and responded. Looking forward to tinkering with this little gadget! This user's account has been deleted. Hello guys, nice to get in touch with you. As I read in a previous post, I believe twine will feature an open API (which would be HTTP output). This is great to empower the software development and DYI´ers community. I wish to present open-source ScadaBR(www.scadabr.org.br) which bundles supervisory control, data acquisition and human-machine-interface for windows and linux. It is much based on famous mango (mango.serotoninsoftware.com) and others. This software should allow for very quick web-apps prototyping and deployment using twine. I understand twine´s own webapp will be much less "tech-user-centric" and more focused on an easy-to-use cloud experience, but scadabr is indeed already very powerful as it is today. Samples here with Arduino (<url>´s temperature project ;-) best regards... and cant wait to get our own twines soon! Is the web app for programming the twine available yet. If so, where can I get it. wanted to see what the current delivery time was for the twines? thanks. There ought to be a qualification test to be a backer. You know, a reading test, an eye exam, etc. Juuuuust teasing! :) That or a lightning sensor. Was there a 3rd Survey? Also I'd love the: radiation and gas sensors like in this one: <url>"You'll get a special Supermechanical T-shirt that lets others know that you got on the bandwagon early." - "Estimated Delivery: Jan 2012". Still no sign - any update there? I pledged $99+, and don't think I got the pre-gift card either (though I plan on keeping it for myself :-). Thanks! With one input you sure can handle a lot of sensors at once, this would require an additional electronic board that would deal with multiple sensors, then output the result to the only input of the twine. Will the Twine work in very cold temperatures? I'd love to (for example) leave one in the fridge to alert me when the kids leave the door ajar. Or could I clip one to my grill to watch the temperature on "low and slow" BBQ? I'm wanting the Twine for use as a prototyping alert device (when I'm not around, I can simply use it to notify me when an experiment is done) so color isn't really an issue for me, but I do agree that many folks will likely prefer a white or neutral color for blending in... not a bad suggestion, actually, but may be a bit too late. This user's account has been deleted. Hi guys, thanks for the great project (can't wait for my Twine to arrive). Two quick questions. Is it possible to attach more than one break out board (or for that matter another external sensor)? Something like daisy-chaining them. In the video you said that one can extend the Twine with own code. How does this work? Is it something that I have to upload to the Twine? I was thinking about checking my wifi network to see if my iPhone logged-on and then trigger all sorts of home automation actions. I am a little disappointed with breakout board - it the original video it looked like I could connect more than one input to them. Still, very useful!!! Not sure if this is on your radar yet but it would be awesome if you guys integrated with <url>"shaking" action is detected I am seeking all the possibilities on integrating twine with our personal safety mobile app, <url>#links Hi, Does the break board only provide inputs ? or does it have outputs ? What about the input low and high voltage ? Just an idea... Growl integration? Growl, the notification service for Windows/Mac/iOS/etc. This user's account has been deleted. The Breakout Board is exactly the reason I pledged for $115... can't wait to play around with all the different sensors I've got in my workshop to see what I can come up with. Hi, I was wondering how the breakout board would work, given that Twine is supposed to be a programming free product? Which sensors would work on the breakout board? Light senors would seem to be most general and flexible of sensors. I would prefer more general sensors, rather than specific ones tbh. I live alone. I would like a senor that calls an ambulance if I am ever sick, or calls 911 if I need help. @James Floyd Kelly: I do hope I am wrong because as Brian Peiris said, it would be cool to "Twine" a few things, rather than just use Twine as a project facilitator :) @Christian Schmeer I do hope you're wrong :) If the product is successful and gets good reviews, mass production should be able to lower costs, not raise them. Since this is really a prototype product, I'm wondering if the team intends to "go big" with the Twine available at Radio Shack, Best Buy, and other retail outlets. I sure hope so. When do you anticipate shipping to backers? Brian, It's more likely the price will increase ;) Kickstarter backers usually get a lower price since we are backing a product that does not exist yet or isn't produced yet. Is $99 the final price for Twines, or are you planning to make it cheaper once you hit production? I love the idea but the current price is too prohibitive, especially if I want to TWINE ALL THE THINGS! Just pledge this, hope to receive this ASAP, to see possibilities on integrating with our personal mobile safety service <url>"GPS+location",+"telephone+query"&RS="GPS+location" Sensor Votes Camera, Microphone, IR Stupid autocorrect -- "inhospitable" should be "on how" Some thoughts inhospitable I plan to use this: 1. Basement monitor. Both vibration to let me know if the sump pump has run recently, frequently, or some indication of a change of frequency, plus moisture. Of course my router and cable modem need to be on UPS for that truly to be effective... which almost makes a power sensor moot. 2. BBQ/smoker monitor. Two temp probes (meat and air) , and moisture for the water reservoir -- essential to keep temps moderated in a smoker. My current remote thermometer can't broadcast across / through. My house. How about breathing and heartbeat monitor for new borns and infants? My vote for sensors: RFID Pressure Motion I do think the GPS would be really cool, but with the need for a constant network connection I can see the limitation. In that case how about a GPS with a GSM or CDMA transceiver? Would be pretty cool! Re: GPS, This AT&T (not yet issued) patent almost gets it. They are thinking of an integrated unit (like a mobile phone). <url>"GPS+location",+"telephone+query"&RS="GPS+location" Re: GPS, <url>"let me know when someone rings the doorbell." It's hard to justify paying over $100 for that. Making these bidirectional would also multiply their usefulness. If I could drive a 5V signal based on something from Spool, I can envision several additional projects. That may have battery life impacts, but most projects where I'd do that, I'd have power available anyway, and so would just hardwire the Twine. (Speaking of which, an A/C adapter would be nice.) Does Spool have a way to tell me if a Twine's batteries are low? Or if a Twine "disappears?" @Supermechanical - Congratulations on making it into Kickstarter's weekly email blast as one of their "favorite projects." This will be a huge amount of additional exposure. I vote for an NFC sensor so we can leverage the 'bump' type interface to share information back and forth with mobile phones Glad to be a backer (virgin backer). Gl to u. Guys Also, you guys should start a new reward hehe :) for example... if you reach 400.000, Kickstarter backers will get a lifetime of special deals on sensors and upgrades or something :) @Supermechanical: that's great news :) Will there be other sensors in the future that we can buy? :) would love to see a proximity sensor and/or a 1-wire adapter! Sound/noise sensor would be great! How do these "votes" work? (I read something about a new sensor for every 10,000 dollars?) I could really use a sound sensor (if dB level is above X then Y). Twine is going to be HUGE ... cannot wait to receive mine! Best from Munich, Germany How about a wind speed and direction sensor? Just added my (now unnecessary) backing. Question: can you have more than one rule per Twine? I may have missed an answer to this already Light sensor and touch sensor are definitely on the top of my list! I am also a programmer so how can I create my own applications that hook into Twine and what language if any does it work off of? Just a thought... Will it be possible to set up rules that allow multiple Twines to be cooperative? In other words, a rule that detects sensor input/value from Twine 1 as well as sensor input/value from Twine 2.... And perhaps allows for different types of Boolean logic (AND, OR, etc) to cooperatively combine the multiple units into a single rule. Repost from Brian: Might be fun to collect possible uses: Google docs form: <url>"sensor" that is actually an actuator, but not fully, basically a method of outputting current to another device so it can act on Twine. I was looking for ideas for sensors and I came across this website that has an extensive, wicked list of them. <url>"head end" or unit that can work with relays or other IO addons and multiple twines? For example on motion of Twine do tweet or what not but send signal from cloud back to originating LAN to trigger the head-end unit say to activate a relay? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I've bought in, this is great stuff. Are you using arduino or something similar? My vote for sensors: Motion light Keypad (Thinking through key codes and Spool you can program actions) Thanks My vote is for the following sensors; RFID Light Motion Sound +1 for sound and NFC/RFID sensors! Also, a light sensor would be great as well. John and David, Stellar as usual, congratulations! I might be out of the country by the time Twine gets shipped. Can you let me know when it's ready to ship so that I can I add $15 for international shipping if necessary? Let me know how shipping works. Cheers! My vote is for a Motion Sensor. Hi Supermechanical so I just backed the Twine + 3 sensors. Congrats on the project!!!. Pledged amount is already $95K, it will probably be a lot more. so far 6 additional sensors to vote for, my suggestions : RFID NFC Barometric Pressure Load Cell (Force Gauge) Motion / proximity Detector Sound detector Gas / Carbon monoxide detector Regards, Nico Happy to back David! Thanks so much for helping me out with the CNC mill this summer; I'm proud to say it is working! So I just backed at the Twine + 3 sensors level. I'd quite like 2 twines, however $500 is a little steep especially as I don't' really care about custom colour schemes. If I throw in another $99+International Shipping, can I get a further twine? Hi supermechanical, A documented interface sounds perfect. Only question remaining: How can I get the picture and the unique rule set for my fancy sensor into the cloud which you control? i see the vision of what these could do (and will do) and it's exciting-as a domestic gadget and beyond, particularly when other users share their own applications and boolean expressions. best regards. @John Sheldon - from the Project Home tab, I found this blurb: "Power is supplied by the on-board mini USB or two AAA batteries (and Twine will email you when you need to change the batteries)." How often does the device ping the cloud (if ever)? Could it? I am thinking about a rule that if the device hasn't pinged the cloud in 10 minutes, the Internet or Power might be down where I have Twine. Possible? Also, does it have a power sensor that would tell you to change its batteries? Hi Twine team, first off great Project! My Question would be whether the Extension Interface would be standardized. A standard plug and an open Interface would be very much appreciated and would increase the value of twine when thousands of people could create external sensors. Thanks will the SMS feature work in other countries than the US? Just a thought: How about a Mindstorms interface? Using Mindstorms sensors would be a simple way to expand, having the ability to send signals to a Mindstorms device would also be handy. How did you decide which sensors are in Twine and which ones breakout? Very cool! I cast my vote for a current sensor, and I hope that means Hall Effect sensor (clamp on to the power cord?). I would use them for the washer and dryer, especially the dryer since its vibration might not be strong enough (?) for Twine? The washer and dryer I own have "quiet" zones on their timer where they "pause" before the next part of the cycle starts. These are periods of activity when the power usage is very low, but Twine needs to "know" not to trigger a "Laundry's done!" message, until, say, there's 10 minutes of no power usage. It would also be nice if Spool could keep track of duration. This would especially be useful in the case of the dryer as a longer-than-usual cycle could indicate the built-in moisture sensor isn't working right to turn the dryer off. Hello, If you do not have wifi but your phone (for example iPhone) can share the internet connection would it be possible to conect your device through this conection? Thanks +1 @Craig We need to be able to change the IP these hit so we don't end up with a brick if you shut the web service down or if there's maintenance. It would be great for the web software to be open source so anyone could run it and modify it to add capabilities. I plan on combining this with ifttt.com and teagueduino to make it more capable. I'll put in my vote for an RFID sensor. @Craig Dunn Agreed. Being able to change the url/ip/whatever that these devices access is crucial! A still image of the breakout board would be helpful. I saw it in the movie but it would be nice to see a still for quick reference. @Brad I asked the same question. I believe the answer is "yes" as this is similar to what I did. You just multiply the pledge level by the number of units/sets you would like. @Supermechanical - If, for one reason or another the cloud-based app is either temporarily (or permanently) unavailable, will that effectively "brick" these devices? I know they will probably continue to run their existing rule set, but it seems like we'd no longer be able to configure them further. Is there a plan for a fallback approach? Like being able to configure them locally using a twine device-based micro http server with the same web app running internally (perhaps updated whenever the cloud version is updated, assuming the twine firmware is upgradeable)? Just thinking through some worst-case scenarios... :-) Looks great! The wifi is the key really fills the gap between the iobridges of the world. Great product! Do I understand correctly that the webapp runs 'in the cloud'? And how do you connect a Twine to a wireless router? Can you make a $200 pledge level that would allow me to buy two Twines? I'd like to buy one for myself and one for a friend for the holidays, and I don't quite want to spend $500. Excited for the product also, would love to see some more sensors (audio, motion, humidity, light). Would also be cool to get some 2-way communication like leds/speaker or a lcd display. Will there be a way to connect multiple sensors at once, or does it only support 1 additional sensor? Looking forward to playing with my twine! cool gadget guys!