UPDATE: We did it! Unwritten continues at roxlougames.com Rock, Paper, Shotgun: "[Unwritten is] a game with pedigree, a well-run campaign and a fascinating hook – a game about travelling, exploring, storytelling and gods." Kotaku: "Unwritten looks like it could address a lot of the issues people say they have with narrative delivery in games, where choices made in a campaign don't seem to matter and the stakes feel too small." PCGamer.com: "Unwritten bills itself as a roguelike turn-based strategy game, but thematically it’s already offering something rather fresh." Website Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Twitter Google+ (+1 is one better than none at all) NOTE: In-game art assets aren't representative of final game. Important Kickstarter Updates Update #16: Unwritten Interview at Rock, Paper, Shotgun Update #13: New Art From "Waking Mars" Artist Amanda Williams Update #5: A Sneak Peek at the Gameplay of Unwritten Update #22: STRETCH GOALS! Update #21: Kickstarter "Add-ons" 3 Unwritten is a turn based strategy game for PC to be released in August 2013. Delve into a turn based strategy game with meaningful, permanent decisions Play as successive generations of a nomadic clan, passing stories and legends down through the ages Experience infinite novelty through randomly generated maps, units, abilities, and enemies Make decisions that become a part of your personal "story", affecting your ability to barter and ally with rival clans Make the trek to "God Mountain", a place of final judgement and potential glory Experience a rich, exotic world inspired by international traditions of story-telling Make your own game modules using the same tools the developer used to make the game The Story: The People, who name themselves after their leader, have their eyes on the mountain across the tundra. They winter in the spires, and summer on the salt flats, but today these places are at their backs. The People have met with the others, and have told them their stories, and the others have given them slaves, animals, and food, because the People are great. Which is now why the People have their eyes on the mountain across the tundra, the mountain where The God lives. The voice of the People is great, and they call to God Mountain, but the voice of the tundra is greater, with its quick-storms that reveal the wolves and its wide open spaces. The People begin walking. They will call out as they walk. They will tell their stories to those they meet along the way. They will do many things. They will gather more stories. And when they get close enough The God will finally hear them above the voice of the tundra. The People will finally be judged. The Game: In Unwritten the player creates and guides a nomadic clan on a one-way journey across a dangerous wilderness. It is a turn based strategy game with maps, story elements, units, abilities, and enemies that are all randomly generated. Along the way decisions (and death) are permanent, and each play session is unique. In-Game Concept by Amanda Williams Within the team we often call it "Sid Meier's Civilization meets Oregon Trail". It could also be called a "strategy rogue-like" since each area map feels a bit like a "dungeon" in the classic role playing game Rogue. However, in Unwritten you're controlling many units at once that share global resources like food and money. A World of Stories: A nomadic clan lives and dies by its ability to tell a good story. Without written language, this is how it passes its legacy on to the next generation and how it represents itself to rivals and potential allies. Ultimately the stories a clan tells are its entire identity. Unwritten's world is one of wandering, nomadic people, so it's natural that a central theme to the game is the oral tradition of storytelling. This can be seen most prominently in the game's artistic presentation. When creating a clan you choose a leader to represent you. These characters are inspired by story-telling traditions from the world over, including Indonesian story telling masks, Native American rattle sticks, Maori warrior shouts, Mongolian throat singers, and more. While much of the game takes place on an overhead map (in scale similar to a game like Civilization), frequently the clan will encounter "story events". These play out as though the clan's leader is recounting what happened on that day, representing the events through shadow puppets inspired by Balinese traditions. A Game of Stories: Story-telling is more than just the set dressing for Unwritten, it is a physical part of the gameplay. Each time the player makes an important decision in the game they receive a token called a "story fragment". These fragments are the history of the player's clan, and have both positive and negative effects on the clan's stats and abilities. Further, whenever the clan encounters a potential rival a "story bout" is initiated where the leaders of the two groups swap stories and thus their history. The fragments you've acquired directly affect your ability to ally and barter with others, a vital necessity out on the tundra. However, simply making choices that will win you friends has a catch. Ultimately you're headed to God Mountain, where your clan believes that their god lives and will soon hear your story and learn about your people. Will your god judge you by the same rules that govern the tundra, or will you be measured by a different scale? The Tools: Creating strong, efficient tools is a big part of our strategy for getting the game done with high quality and on time (see "Risks and Challenges"). However, it's also part of our dream to collaborate directly with the fans, which is why we're committed to releasing all our development tools with the game on day 1. This is more than just an afterthought. We factor this into the way we're designing and directing the game, making sure that everything we create has proper tool support and could accessibly be created by one, two, or three person mod teams. Since infinite variability and novelty is one of our core concepts, we feel this is more than just added value to those interested in trying their hand at creating game modules for Unwritten. This ensures that new ideas will be injected into the game experience long after its initial release. Roxlou Games was founded by Joe Houston, a professional game developer for the past 8 years. He most recently was one of the original core team members of Dishonored, the VGA's best Action Adventure game of 2012 and game of the year by many other publications. Joe is joined by industry newcomers Lee VanWallene (longtime artist) and Julian Culme-Seymour (trained musician), who bring an untainted perspective and enthusiasm to the project. It's this combination of experience, vision, and learning that makes Roxlou Games, and thus Unwritten, possible. What Will You Do With the Funds? The funds raised here are vital to making this game happen. We are just finishing our "pre-production" phase, but can go no further based on our own time and savings. These funds will pay the salaries of our team so we can devote our full attention to making Unwritten happen. Also, since Joe is a game developer by trade, without additional funding he will have to sign an employment agreement with another game company, which routinely prohibits working on other projects. In short, this is your opportunity to green-light an exotic, fascinating game that otherwise wouldn't get a chance. We're very confident in our ability to ship this special game (see "Risks and Challenges"), and we hope that you're excited about becoming a part of it. What if you get more than you ask for? (STRETCH GOALS!) We will of course be very happy to make Unwritten at our minimum budget. But if we get more there are some great features we want to add that we know our fans are going love. Unlocked at $100,000 - Mac and Linux Versions Just what it says, both the game and the tools for Mac and Linux. We want everyone able to play Unwritten, and to do so on their platform of choice. Unlocked at $125,000 - iPad Version The market for iOS games is tricky these days, but we want to make a tablet version of Unwritten simply because we think it will play great on the platform. Even if we don't sell a lot of copies, we just know that those that want to take Unwritten on the go will have an awesome version of it that just makes sense on the tablet. Note that we need extra money for this version because we only want to do it if we can re-design the game for a touch screen interface, making sure that it's the best-playing version of Unwritten it can be. Unlocked at $150,000 - Mod Community and Website We're already releasing the same tools we're using to make the game with every single downloaded copy. But we want to take this idea a step further and build a community website around posting, rating, and sharing the mods that you make for the game. This will add value for more than just those that want to mod the game: as a player you'll also have access to a whole host of free additional content, keeping our theme of "infinite variety" going on and on! Unlocked at $175,000 - The First Official Expansion, Chosen by You! While we're extremely invested in the unique world of Unwritten, we have many ideas that wouldn't fit in the game we're making now. From stranded Greek warriors making their way home (as in the Odyssey), to a modern exploration of assassins and mercenaries, we have many themes and places that didn't make the cut, but that we want to explore in official expansions to the game. And for the first expansion we want the backers to help us narrow down the field! If we hit this goal backers will be sent a poll to pick the theme, setting, and mechanics that will be found in the first official expansion. All backers (at any reward level that includes a copy of the game) will also get the expansion for free! Unlocked at $250,000 - Multiplayer We are often asked about multiplayer for Unwritten, and honestly it's something that fascinates us. We have talked about how cool seamless, asynchronous multiplayer (like that found in Dark Souls) would would be in the game. Maybe you encounter the ruins of another player's failed playthrough and can play back the last 5 story fragments they participated in. Maybe you can learn from their mistakes, or you might even scavenge from their memories. The possibilities seem endless. However, we also know that multiplayer is just way out of scope for our tiny budget. Extra money would make some of our "blue sky" features a reality, and would take Unwritten to a new, exciting level. We have a great list of interesting rewards to pick from. Details on a few of the specific rewards can be found below. The Art Book All the concept art from the game, bundled with developer anecdotes and behind-the-scenes facts about the search for Unwritten's unique visual style. Full color and formatted as a pdf for easy printing. The Soundtrack Available as a DRM free mp3 digital download to do with exactly as you like. It will contain more of the eclectic mixture of modern and tribal beats that you can hear in our Kickstarter video and in this sneak peek. The Strategy Guide Contains strategies, secrets, and behind-the-scenes facts about designing a game with infinite variety. Full color and formatted as a pdf for easy printing. The Poster You have your choice from the following designs, realized as a full color 18" x 24" print. All printed posters will also be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene! Design 1 -- Inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations", this design shows two sides of the perilous tundra with abstract style. Design 2 -- Detailing one imagining of the "real world" of Unwritten, this design is a great companion piece to the world of shadow puppets found in the limited screen print (below). The Screen Print We're excited about how this one turned out. It's a 2 color, 18" x 24", screen print on tan paper, depicting an ultra stylized version of our Balinese shadow puppet style. This is a limited run, so after we print this one batch there won't be any more. Each print will be numbered and signed by the team. "Add-ons" One popular request since we launched the Kickstarter has been for "add-ons", which is a way to customize your individual pledge. In order get an "add-on" simply increase your pledge the indicated amount above the reward you already selected. For example, if you're at the $15 tier and decide you want an extra digital download of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign backers will be sent a poll asking them which add-ons they selected. We will then check these selections against the pledge amount and will make sure everyone gets their rewards. At this time we offer the following "add-ons": $15 -- Extra Printed Posters Requires the $100 tier "The People in Print" For every extra $15 add an additional printed poster (limit of 5 per person) Includes a high res/vector download of the poster art Your choice of poster design Each poster will be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene $15 -- Digital Poster For every extra $15 add a digital download of the poster art Available at all tiers High res/vector download of the poster art, formatted for easy printing Your choice of poster design $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included Hey Folks, First off, to all the backers, journalists, and other fine human beings that have left kind words of support (especially for my family), thank you so much. They are much appreciated. Second, for the people that have messaged for a refund, these will be processed by the end of this week by PayPal. You should receive a reply on Kickstarter and a message from PayPal when your refund has been put in. If a week goes by without either of these things please send another message. Third, I just wanted to clear up something that seems to be in confusion. There have been some comments that express frustration that the game doesn't continue slowly in what time I can find. However, that's exactly what's going on right now. The game is continuing forward. However, the premise of the Kickstarter phase of the project was a short fulltime effort from me and my team (with monthly updates at the very least), and this is no longer true. This is why I felt it was the right thing to notify the backers. However, since the project is still ongoing (if on life-support), means that opening the project or releasing the music/art, etc (as many have requested), is problematic. Since I am still hoping to figure this out (once my family situation stabilizes), it would be premature to release all the assets. Also, the other contributors are invested in the project and are (at least for now) continuing to work on the game on their own. This is especially true for Julian, who is especially committed to the music of Unwritten Passage and told me he is revising his musical vision for the game. Since I can no longer pay these talented people, at the very least I can respect their wishes regarding work that they feel is "in progress". Of course the situation is obviously "fluid" right now. If things change I'm not opposed to opening the project up, and I'll post here if that is the direction things go. Thanks yet again, Joe Houston - Roxlou Games Note: although most posts are written from the whole team’s perspective, once again the following post was written by Joe alone. More often than not these days, I find myself in a difficult situation. For example, today I am going to make every effort to be direct and to the point in this post. However, I also must respect the privacy of the many people in my life that affect my decisions, so there are some things I just can’t talk about. As always, I’m going to do my best and hope that it’s enough. It’s been a few months since the last update, which is hardly fair to the project or its backers. However, it is also true that this is the earliest that I could manage to write an update, for reasons that I will get into shortly. Realizing that I’m short in my duties to Unwritten Passage , and that I’m also doing the absolute best I can, has caused me to come to terms with the reality of the position I’m in. This also means that the project’s backers deserve to know the whole picture, without sugar coating or spin. As I’ve alluded to in the past , my family has struggled with medical issues. However, what is only clear to those that are close to us, is that these problems have been far-reaching and long lasting. The past year (the year that I decided to go indie), has been particularly difficult in ways we never predicted. Although in many ways it would be easier to talk about by getting into specifics, I will have to leave it by simply saying that it has been hard, that a lot has been demanded of the entire family, that it has been getting harder each month, and that I have been failing to balance the load. Every person in life has a limited amount of themselves to give. I have been striking a compromise between a project that has had its own troubles, a family in crisis (that I oftentimes couldn’t or wouldn’t recognize), and the regular demands of supporting my wife and daughter on my own. I am tenacious and hardworking, and I have been creative in addressing the problems that I see. But I have my limits, and sometimes tenacity can become willful blindness and stubbornness. And those qualities don’t honor the trust that my wife, my daughter, my backers, and my contributors put in me. So here’s the situation right now, as simply as I can think to put it. We raised $75k (which became about $68k after various Kickstarter costs) to make a game in 6 months with the efforts of 3 people. At this stage we’re at the 9-10 month mark. I’ve stretched the budget hard, and for the last month and a half I’ve been doing contracting on the side to try and stay afloat and to give my family the stability to see the doctors we need in order to heal. To be blunt, this is not enough. It is not stable enough for my fragile personal life (due in part to how healthcare works in the U.S.). It is not enough to retain fulltime commitments from my contributors. And in the meantime, as I balance my roles between programmer, designer, writer, producer, contractor, husband, father, brother, and son, I am not doing a very good job. This is difficult for me to admit, as I have a reputation in the industry for taking risks and for following through on that ambition. But it turns out I have my limits (as everyone does), and I am at my limit right now. But even though this is a bitter pill to swallow, Unwritten Passage and its backers have been very important to me this past year. You all deserve my best effort, even when that means admitting difficult truths. So why did we fail to create a realistic budget and come in on time? I feel that I would need to write 3 full postmortems to address that question: one as an indie game developer, one as a small business owner, and one as a bit of flotsam swirling in the maelstrom of the U.S. health system. But in short two idioms apply: “hindsight is 20/20″, and “shit happens”. Although nobody was perfect in this process, I do feel that everybody did their best with the information we had. I am grateful to everyone that has helped us gather so much success so quickly, and despite it all I still feel lucky. I have learned a lot about myself and the people I love, and I want very much to be a better person moving forward. OK, now the big question: is the game canceled or what? I have been thinking hard about what is the right thing to do. The stupendous work already put forth in Julian’s music and Lee’s art still sets my imagination on fire. And I see people come to life all the time when I describe the concept to them. However, my experience also says that we have lost momentum, we’re out of money, and it’s now a one-man project centered around a fulltime game developer with family baggage that needs better health insurance. And I’ve worked in the past on wonderful projects with real promise that have been canceled, so I know what that looks like. Sometimes it still takes a lot of luck to make a game. But I’m not ready to completely call it quits and say that Unwritten Passage is dead forever. However, to say that the project as I pitched it is alive and well would be beyond naive. It would be dishonest. It lives on as my personal side project, something I hope to bring about on my own and through the help of talented friends when possible. And should it come to be I will do my best to deliver on my original promises… but I have to be honest. To many this is probably the end. To all that have helped me, my contributors, and my family embark on this experiment, I thank you. I don’t have the words to express my sincerity and my appreciation. I will be leaving up the websites and will continue to update the backer pages as news develops, so if you are interested in staying in touch with the project I’ll keep you up to date. Finally, we have of course been using the campaign funds to best make good on our promises. However, there is a small fund left for pursuing future art costs for the game. If you are a backer and feel that we have violated your trust in us, please contact Roxlou Games via Kickstarter and I will do my best to give you a refund. Thank you all. Joe Houston - Roxlou Games P.S. Anybody know any good jokes? Leave them in the comments to brighten this post up. Note: although most posts are written from the whole team’s perspective, once again the following post was written by Joe alone due to his personal connection to the events of the past month. Three years ago in October my daughter was born three months premature by emergency c-section. What relevance does this have to our ongoing project? Not long ago I would have thought, "not much"; however, this month our family was unexpectedly revisited by complications from that difficult time in our past. Although I can't go into specifics, not to worry: all involved are on the road to a full recovery, with special thanks going out to those that are in our wonderful support network of friends and family. It probably goes without saying that my attention was split mightily from the project, and obviously Unwritten Passage has yet again failed to meet the beta deadline we set out for it. A positive side effect of all this is that the past weeks have caused me to re-prioritize and re-evaluate, both in my personal life and on this project. The "easy" update to post here is "understandable delay, see you next month". However, although we certainly can't be held responsible for predicting a future of personal misfortunes, it's safe to say that three delays in a row (emergency or not) show that the project just isn't really in the "imminent release" phase. As a professional game developer on larger projects I've seen this kind of pattern before, usually in so called "crunch culture". How long have I worked overtime on a project with "just two weeks left"? Months in some cases. Deadlines move and move, but the end result is a game 6 months late that feels like it was cobbled together in, fittingly, two weeks. After taking an outside look at the project, I am more excited than ever to see Unwritten Passage realize its potential. I feel a responsibility to the project, not just because of our commitment to our backers, but also because of how so many people I talk to react to this game. This is why I've decided to make some changes to how we're developing the project, to ensure that we get where we need to go. Much of these changes are totally internal to the project (changing up some roles, finding creative ways to delegate work, etc). However, a big change is that I'm setting the beta release date as "to be determined", giving us the time to respond to unseen challenges as they show themselves. Essentially I'm slowing down the frantic pace we've been trying to maintain (and failing at amidst all the instability in indie life). Again, not to worry: the project is still focused and is as committed to completing as ever. There are many reasons to change our scheduling strategy, and making this decision involved taking a hard look at our current state in order to make some tough calls. Check out the rest of the update if you'd like a peek at the good and bad of where the project is at right now, but otherwise we'll see you all again next month for the usual dev update. The Good This last month, in an effort to get an objective look at the project, I brought a developer friend into the code-base to look around. A bit to my surprise, his initial reaction was glowing over the state of our tools and underlying technology. Outside opinions are so important in this way, since after so much work and compromise we tend to only see the things we have yet to do. Our decision to create our own technology has always centered around our commitment to give the tools away with the game, something that just wouldn't have been possible in the same way if we had used an "off the shelf" engine package. Looking back over what we have, it's very clear that our tools are going to add value not just for the mod community that we hope springs up around Unwritten Passage , but for budding game makers everywhere. For example: we have fully featured tools for rigging together complex 2D sprites and then animating them from start to finish. Since our game "component" files have a simple text format, any project that is capable of writing a text parser will have access to a game-ready animation tool that is essentially free. Tools and engine tech are just one aspect of the infrastructure needed when making a game, but Unwritten Passage is similarly strong in other places. Our game has a unique art style and quirky design, which makes those elements hard to figure out because of how "new" they are. However, at this stage we've arrived at designs for the various elements of the game and not just in concept. We've translated each visual component into actual game assets and have proved that we can deliver on what we saw in the concept art. Similarly our latest version of the game has all the elements in place in a skeletal form, we've identified all the cuts and changes that need making, and we can feel "the fun" inside the game. In this sense, Unwritten Passage truly is "about to be": the hardest work, constructing a solid foundation, is finally finished. The Bad Despite this strong position we're developing from, the project is also what I would consider unstable for the actual people working on it. I like to give credit to the successes of the project to Roxlou Games (the company), as it's a more convenient way to talk about the team, friends, and family that contribute so much in little ways that I couldn't possibly keep track of. However, from a practical perspective, Unwritten Passage is my baby. I fill literally dozens of roles on the project, and while I find success much of the time, being a bottleneck does come at a cost. When one aspect of the game or design is floundering I have to steal time from some other role. The biggest problem here has been in "production", i.e. my role in scheduling, assigning tasks, and following up with contributors. Because of months of minor personal catastrophe (for all the team members) the production schedule has been in ruins. This means that I've been creating new strategies and task lists every few days, trying to hit increasingly aggressive deadlines. And one cost is that when it comes time for me to design, write, and program the game (and in a schedule that is tight enough that I'm not afforded any mistakes) I find that I've spent most of my time and energy solving other people's problems. Why We're Slowing the Project Down to Speed it Up Because production bottleneck is our primary problem, there are a few ways to get the project where it needs to go. The most obvious is to delegate more: find some people to help lighten my load. Here is where we hit a problem related to the nature of indie game development: our budget really doesn't allow us to take on any help at a fair price beyond the few regular team members we have. Although we have friends that might contribute for little to zero compensation up front, that comes at the cost of long deadlines and inconsistent commitments (people squeezing in work between the stuff that pays their rent). The other possibility is to do what we've decided to do and make our time frame more open ended. Not only does this gives our production schedule time to absorb all the bumps in the road and stabilize, but it also allows us to take on those extra indie helpers that can't help us make a two week deadline, but might help us make a two month deadline. On a personal note, one of my major moral values in life is one of honesty, and I believe strongly in bringing that to my work as well. Looking at each project, gauging where I honestly believe it's at, and then reacting to the situation is something I find vitally important. Although this exposes the weaknesses in the project, it's this process that increases my confidence rather than diminishes it. I also think that this value is something I need to pass on to the backers, the people that are putting their faith in me and my team members. I'm often counseled by friends to hold more back in updates, but when in doubt I will still relay the realities of this crazy journey, deferring to my faith in all of you. You have to give trust in order to get it in return. I'm only sorry that it has to comes at the cost of long, boring-ass updates. Thanks as always, Joe (and Roxlou Games ) Earlier this month the Boston Globe chatted with Joe about the role that violent video games can play in addresses the issue of violence in society. The original interview (nearly two hours of conversation) has been edited into a few paragraphs targeted at a non-game literate audience, but it still makes a few interesting points. Oh and Unwritten Passage got a little name drop in there as well. This is the result. (May or may not be behind a subscription wall) Hey All, We have a bit of news that we've been waiting to break (another party has a deadline that we have to respect), but we just wanted to send out a quick update to let everyone know that we're still working on the game at "full-tilt" and that things are really starting to come together. We also wanted to let you all know that our beta deadline, originally slated for this month, is looking like it's going to slip to October. Since we announced the first slip in our schedule not that long ago , we've been bashful about moving the beta deadline. However, we have to be honest about the fact that we're just not there yet, and we feel that killing ourselves to reach an impossible deadline (and then not having enough fuel left to make it to the finish), would be a careless use of our backer's trust in us. That said, we do want you to know that despite the changes to our announcements, the game is still within our overall budget . As both creators and backers of this project, we're poised to make Unwritten Passage a success in all the ways we've been dreaming about, if anything more now than ever before. We do have exciting developments on the horizon, and we promise that we'll be sharing those just as soon as we can. In the meantime, thanks as always for your support, Roxlou Games Note: although most posts are written from the whole team's perspective, the following post was written by Joe alone due to his personal connection to the events of the past month. This, our usual monthly update, comes a bit later than usual. This is in part because the close of July was also the catalyst for a hailstorm of new beginnings, and we've been scrambling to keep our footing amid the chaos. Many of the "not so pleasant" surprises this month can be traced back to me, most notably a construction project in my apartment complex that slipped its target date and caused my whole family to spend weeks as yuppie nomads sheltering in a miniature shanty town of poorly labeled boxes. [Not shown: any semblance of sanity] This experience ultimately climaxed in the spectacular failure of our only car, which sounded and looked a bit like a jackhammer slamming into a Christmas tree of dire warning lights. Naturally this happened at a time when we were still paying off the tire blowout, a holdover from a simpler, bygone time. [My arch nemesis, and one hazard of many] The thing is, this kind of thing is typical in "the indie life". For every month that we've been working on this project, each of us could regale anyone that cared to listen with tales of life on the edge. Going out on your own away from a big employer is a harrying, life-changing experience, and there is this feeling sometimes that society proper is trying to smother you in tribulation like a white blood cell on a virus. Pretty much every day you stand over the wreckage of your prior, well-laid plans and ask yourself "well is this the end of everything now?" However, this also means that personal catastrophe is basically mundane, so as a team we tend not to bother people with it. But it does bear mentioning this month, because all this happened at the exact moment we decided that it was time to "crunch" and put in overtime to hit our deadlines in September and October. This is a pretty tough situation when you work exclusively out of a home office (now in ruins), and your budget is too slim to rent proper office space. As usual, we can thank the unending support of our friends and family for the solution that kept our momentum going. Today's salvation came in the form of a tiny, stand-alone guesthouse that was offered to us rent-free. With only a bit of work (and less than $100 of extra hardware) Lee and I were soon situated in what I can only describe as the most ideal work environment I could have hoped for. [Developing fashionable hunchbacks for the amusement of our fans] This also marks the first time that Lee and I have been able to work in the same room together, without the latency of email and video conference. So far results have been immediate and striking. This brings me again to a theme that I feel I keep hammering on, but that I just can't ignore: this is yet another case where our limitations (and what seems like calamity) end up producing a creative solution that is far better than anything that I would have planned for on my own. We see this all the time in the design of the game (and it continues to assert itself during crunch), but this was one of the first times it manifested so physically. Lately I've been watching "The Long Way Round" on Hulu, a reality show that chronicles Ewan McGregor and his best friend circumnavigating the globe on motorcycles. I felt a certain kinship to their progress across "The Road of Bones" in Siberia, when McGregor talks about being forced to overcome seemingly impassable obstacles. Seeing as how they're in the middle of Siberia, they approach each problem without the option of failure, asking only "how are we going to do this?" And because of this, they do so much more than they thought they could. [Looks familiar] That said, they also overturn a car in Mongolia and nearly lose the life of a crewman in a river crossing (it's a great show by the way), so there is a definite sense that we are strengthened by adversity but balance that against real limitations. You can do anything... or maybe you're gonna die. In a similar way I remain conflicted about the lessons that Unwritten Passage is teaching me as a developer. I hear often that you work best "with the wolf at the door", and certainly I see some aspect of that every single day. The creativity in economy is convincing me that this is the way to live your life. It's inspiring. At the same time, I do wish that the wolves at the door didn't also have knives and sub machine guns, and if we get a bigger budget next time I'm not giving it back. I will however be sure to always do more with less, and approach each obstacle by only asking "how will we do it this time?" Thanks, as always, for your support, Roxlou Games As game developers, we find that our Twitter feeds read like a news ticker for “what’s happening in women’s rights”. The game industry, not unlike an adolescent teenager riddled with acne, is going through a lot of changes and is gradually seeing girls in a new special way. Only instead of finding that the mousy tomboy Sandra from next door now makes his palms sweat and his knees tremble, the industry is discovering that women as creators and consumers might actually be a part of a multi-billion dollar entertainment market. Of course this comes with growing pains and embarrassing, involuntary emissions, as evidenced by the most recent brouhaha over transgender comments made by Gabe of Penny Arcade . What this also shows though, is that these early explorations of women and games are really a gateway to the larger issue: gender and games. Gender in our game, Unwritten Passage , has followed a similar path. We also started by focusing on the role of women in the game, with things really coming to a head this month as we began to scale up our designs for our shadow puppets. Technically we were finding representing men and women to be a challenge, because our “mix and match” approach to randomizing the puppet pieces still mostly limited us to putting male pieces on male characters and female pieces on female characters. It soon became apparent that by dividing the sexes we weren’t going to be able to fit the right number of pieces into memory. But we also just couldn’t have a story-telling world where women weren’t represented. As is so often the case with controversy, the Penny Arcade dust-up became a blessing, both to the community at large (because of the conversations it started), and to us and our shadow puppets. In Unwritten Passage the shadow puppets represent what the people in the clan use to talk about themselves in legendary fashion, meaning that not only are they allowed to diverge from the “real” people in the tribe, but they must diverge. This has been evident from our earliest concept work: make tiny nuclear families on the battlefield, but make epic, weird spirit creatures in the story realm. This is when the PA controversy brought a moment of clarity. We were wrong to focus on women and men in this case: often times men could prefer to tell stories of their identity with female avatars, and similarly women with male ones (as many MMO player rosters can attest to). This is classic story telling, and historically gender in story telling is hardly fixed. For example, representations of the Hindu God Shiva in ancient times routinely had both male and female elements. Careful, guided randomization is a big part of Unwritten Passage , but in gender we’ve been inspired to let go a little and give randomization freer reign. We now mix our male and female puppet pieces freely, redesigning them to represent epic, spirit guides that may have both male and female elements but still represent a cohesive whole. We’re also taking gender randomization a step further by randomizing the sex of each character in our narrative “story events”. For example, in the video for our successful Kickstarter we had a sample story event where the player’s tribe encounters a man with his son, starving for food. The player is given several options, including the chance to give the food, but only in exchange for the son as a slave (which the man agrees to). With the latest change whether you encounter a man and his daughter, a woman and her son, a woman and her daughter (etc), is completely random. So far the result has been fascinating as each scenario is changed radically based on the player’s own beliefs. Do they feel differently about a woman trading a male son for food than a man trading his daughter for example? It’s an interesting exploration, but one we’re not completely finished feeling out. As Joe mentioned in his RPS article on game violence , giving extra freedoms to the player doesn’t free us of our obligation to provide context to the outcomes. Since each decision has actual gameplay consequences we have more to decide. Do we make the world as gender blind as the algorithm that creates the story events, meaning that other tribes will weigh the life of a man and woman the same? Do we try to anticipate and mirror the preconceptions that many of our future players will have? Do we project our own sense of what we believe to be right and wrong? Regardless of where we eventually end up, we’re excited about this new direction. It feels like both our fictional and real worlds are opening up and getting a whole lot weirder (as an Austin based company we mean this in the best possible way ). The future is a fertile ground for story telling, conversation, and making games. Thanks, as always, for your support. Roxlou Games We've just posted our latest dev update to the website. Check it out! Note that due to Kickstarter's restrictions on content formatting (which was making writing updates way too time consuming) we've stopped duplicating the posts in the body of the updates here. However, we will always duplicate backer specific information in update posts to make sure everyone gets the information they need. We hope this compromise works the best for everyone, as it allows us to spend more time working on the game but still keeps everyone up to date. As the dev update on the website goes into, we are getting ready to start integrating faces into the game for all backers that chose the "People on the Horizon" reward. We've already done our own faces as a test, and we're pretty happy with the results. We're especially excited since our strategy allows backers to show up as rival clan leaders (a genuinely cool role), but doesn't degrade the experience for normal players. Having full, articulated faces for tribal leaders allows us to communicate a wide range of emotional feedback to the player in diplomacy mini-games. As such, we're getting great gameplay, interesting aesthetics, and a broad palette to re-imagine each face in the context of our world. Be sure to click through to read about the process. It has been an interesting journey. If you're a "People on the Horizon" backer keep an eye out for an email on how to send in your photo. As always, thank you all so much for your continued support! Roxlou Games April was a solid month for development of Unwritten Passage , introducing a new contributor to the project and loads of new progress. Check out the full development update over at our website ! Unwritten Passage: Dev Update April 2013 The end of March closes out the first month of production on Unwritten Passage , the weird procedural strategy game made possible by our many crowd-funding supporters. It's an exciting time, but also one of hard work. It was mainly a month of framework building, where we put down a foundation that will allow us to make rapid progress later on in the project. However, there were some points of rewarding exploration too, like when we started designing the third playable "story teller" (previously called "clan leaders"). She isn't ready to be shown just yet, but we're excited about how this character (one that leverages wind, kites, and the ability to change the very fabric of a story itself) will expand and diversify our roster of story tellers. But probably the most rewarding moment of the month came when we were able to hold the printed posters and screen prints in our hands and get them packaged up for our Kickstarter backers. We did all our printing locally, so Austin’s massive SXSW festival delayed getting our prints until the very end of the month. However, we feel the wait was worth it. The prints turned out stellar across the board, and as we were getting everything signed, tubed, and ready to ship, we were extremely proud. Although working on Unwritten Passage is rewarding in and of itself, this is the first time on this project that we get to see the cycle of creation through to the end. We had a concept, we iterated to create print designs, we made commitments to our backers, and we are now delivering them as a product. It’s a special feeling, and even though some of us have been doing this kind of thing for years, that feeling doesn’t really wear off. For those that are getting a physical reward like a poster or screen print, we’ll be dropping those in the mail in the coming week after the Easter rush. “Digital Poster” downloads will be going out by email before the weekend is out, and everyone that got a physical poster will also be getting a digital copy of the poster art. Note that as the screen prints are a limited run there will be no digital file for those. If you had a digital poster (either as an add-on or as part of your printed reward) be sure to contact us if you haven’t gotten your email by Monday, April 1st. “April Fools Day” jokes are punishable by death. A huge thanks to all our backers and to our families for their continued support. More to follow! Roxlou Games Hey All, We're coming to the end of our first week of full production, and it feels great! We'll keep you updated as we get stuff that's worth showing, but in the meantime we have a few bits of project news and business. Reward Surveys If you're a backer be sure to respond to the survey Kickstarter sent to you. We've gotten many responses, but there are also hundreds left untouched. The quicker we get all your information, the quicker you can get your rewards! That Which is now "Unwritten Passage" So the game is now called Unwritten Passage: That Which Happened . A big thanks to all our backers and new friends that helped make a stressful situation (the renaming of the game due to a trademark conflict) into a fun affair . Voting and discussion was lively, and we feel the new title is a good compromise. And special thanks goes to wonderboy2402 (as he or possibly she is known on our website) for first suggesting the title that eventually won. Poster/Screen Print Progress Once the naming issue was finally sorted, we were finally free to update the poster designs with the new title and get started on printing. Printers now have the files and we're expecting to get prints back within the next two weeks, at which point we'll be signing, shipping, and most likely drinking. Stay tuned for pictures then, but in the meantime... shipping tubes! Roxlou Games Thanks to the suggestions of a handful of helpful backers, we've finally put up many of the Kickstarter rewards from the campaign on our website . These are the same rewards and add-ons we offered during our campaign, minus a few we couldn't continue to maintain for logistical reasons. If you have friends that missed out on the campaign but still want to help, this is the place to do it. The money raised on the site goes directly to the development of the game, eventually garnering more platforms, localized languages, sound effects, music, and experimental features. A few Kickstarter backers have also asked if they can get new add-ons to their original rewards from the website, and yes this is the place to do that too. Check it out! Well that's it! Just a short update because it's the end of a long (but awesome) day and we're all totally drained. When we started talking about making Unwritten we knew we wanted to make a game for people that wanted something different. However, we underestimated how life-changing participating in a community of passionate and dedicated people would be. We are humbled to be given an opportunity to not only make this game, but also to collaborate with people that clearly care so much. We will follow up with more information on rewards and the like tomorrow, but in the meantime, let's keep this party going! Click here to follow us (Website RSS, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc). Forums will be coming soon at roxlougames.com , including a backers-only section. And stay tuned here at the Kickstarter for bimonthly developer updates on the progress of the game. Thank you all so much for your support, and we will talk again very soon. Roxlou Games We borrowed the title from a clever tweet by @kris_cov. Well "stole" more than "borrowed" because we won't be giving it back. We hit our funding goal! Thank you all so much for your support, whether you're a newcomer or a backer since the very beginning. This has been a long, hard-fought campaign, but it has absolutely been worth it. We couldn't have done it without you (obviously), but more than just because of your funding. It has been by talking with the community that Unwritten as a concept has truly been shaped and refined. We're more excited than ever to dive into this game and make it the best we possibly can! But the campaign is not quite over yet. We're going to continue live-tweeting our indie games marathon over at @RoxlouGames . In the meantime, take advantage of the final hours of the campaign to refine your pledge by adding add-ons . You might also take a look at our stretch goals . We also know that right now our stretch goals seem far away for just 5 hours of funding. So to sweeten the deal we're going to unlock one additional platform (version of the game) at $80,000 . It will be either a Mac or Linux version. How will we choose? We'll see which platform gets the most votes in the comments section of this update! Thanks once again everyone! As an added bonus, here's a video Joe's wife took of the big moment. Well, she thought she caught the big moment, but she actually only turned it on when she put the camera down afterwards. <url>"add-ons" so you can customize your pledge and get more cool stuff. You might also use the following links to help us spread the word as we approach the final 24 hours. Roxlou Games Twitter Roxlou Games Facebook Roxlou Games Google+ Update #9: Unwritten Profile Avatars Update #10: Unwritten Facebook Cover Image Update #17: More Unwritten Profile Avatars Also a reminder that the Roxlou Games team will be playing indie games from 10:00 am to midnight tomorrow and will be live tweeting ( @RoxlouGames ) the whole thing! We'll be taking requests for games to play and will be answering your questions on any topic. To request a game just leave a comment here or tweet it to us. Xbox Live Indie Games and PC only please, and games with free demos will help in case we don't already have them. Good, bad, relevant for Unwritten or just for fun: no game is off limits! Thank you all so much for your support! Not only would we not have gotten this far without your help, we also wouldn't have the clear vision of Unwritten that we have from talking about it with you all. Let's get this game made! By the time most of you will read this there will be fewer than 48 hours remaining in the campaign. Earlier today Joe recorded the video update found here, talking about where we've been and how far we've come. This video was shot in one take, from the heart, edited down to a length consumable by humans. Here are some of the links that Joe refers to in the video (and ways to spread the word about Unwritten). Note that further details on Tuesday's live event (if you watched the whole video you'll know what we mean) will follow before it starts this Tuesday (Feb 12th). Roxlou Games Twitter Roxlou Games Facebook Roxlou Games Google+ Rock, Paper, Shotgun Interview Update #13: New Art from Indie Games Artist Amanda Williams Update #9: Unwritten Profile Avatars Update #10: Unwritten Facebook Cover Image Update #17: More Unwritten Profile Avatars We're nearly done, in more ways than one! See you all at the finish line! At the time of this update we at just over 61% funding with over 1,200 backers. We have a scant 3 days to go, but this is a significant milestone for us. Kickstarter insiders say that passing 60% funding bodes well for a project, and that it's thanks to the effort and enthusiasm of the project's backers! For you budding Kickstarter statisticians, our next big milestone comes at 81%, or $60,750. At that point only 0.05% of projects with that much funding have failed. Feel free to check the stats for yourself . Thanks again for all your support. Weekends are typically slow on Kickstarter, but let's keep this momentum going so we can blow the doors off this thing on Monday! We'll see you all at 80%, 100%, and beyond! For those that have been following along, Unwritten has 3 days left to go and a final push is absolutely needed to get us to the finish line. With nearly 1,200 backers and 60% of our goal (and counting), this is something we can do! However, many of our backers are rightfully excited about the future beyond our goal, and they've been asking us what happens if we get more than asked for. We've been hesitant to put up our "stretch goals" (features we will add if we exceed our goal), but we have to admit: we're excited about the future too! We have great faith that our backers will help us make that final push, and we want to share our fondest, wildest hopes and dreams for the game. So as requested, here are Unwritten's stretch goals! And just a reminder, there will be no more pledges after Tuesday, February 12th at 11:51 pm (right before midnight). Unlocked at $100,000 - Mac and Linux Versions Just what it says, both the game and the tools for Mac and Linux. We want everyone able to play Unwritten , and to do so on their platform of choice. Unlocked at $125,000 - iPad Version The market for iOS games is tricky these days, but we want to make a tablet version of Unwritten simply because we think it will play great on the platform. Even if we don't sell a lot of copies, we just know that those that want to take Unwritten on the go will have an awesome version of it that just makes sense on the tablet. Note that we need extra money for this version because we only want to do it if we can re-design the game for a touch screen interface, making sure that it's the best-playing version of Unwritten it can be. Unlocked at $150,000 - Mod Community and Website We're already releasing the same tools we're using to make the game with every single downloaded copy. But we want to take this idea a step further and build a community website around posting, rating, and sharing the mods that you make for the game. This will add value for more than just those that want to mod the game: as a player you'll also have access to a whole host of free additional content, keeping our theme of "infinite variety" going on and on! Unlocked at $175,000 - The First Official Expansion, Chosen by You! While we're extremely invested in the unique world of Unwritten, we have many ideas that wouldn't fit in the game we're making now. From stranded Greek warriors making their way home (as in the Odyssey), to a modern exploration of assassins and mercenaries, we have many themes and places that didn't make the cut, but that we want to explore in official expansions to the game. And for the first expansion we want the backers to help us narrow down the field! If we hit this goal backers will be sent a poll to pick the theme, setting, and mechanics that will be found in the first official expansion. All backers (at any reward level that includes a copy of the game) will also get the expansion for free! Unlocked at $250,000 - Multiplayer We are often asked about multiplayer for Unwritten, and honestly it's something that fascinates us. We have talked about how cool seamless, asynchronous multiplayer (like that found in Dark Souls) would would be in the game. Maybe you encounter the ruins of another player's failed playthrough and can play back the last 5 story fragments they participated in. Maybe you can learn from their mistakes, or you might even scavenge from their memories. The possibilities seem endless. However, we also know that multiplayer is just way out of scope for our tiny budget. Extra money would make some of our "blue sky" features a reality, and would take Unwritten to a new, exciting level. At the backer's request we're doing "add-ons" related to Lee's poster designs. Now if you're already signed up to get a printed poster, you can add additional posters (with your choice between the two different designs) for a lower price. We're also allowing people to add-on high res/vector digital downloads of the poster art to any tier! Of course we don't want to devalue the printed posters that go out to our more generous backers, so we've decided to sweeten the deal for "The People in Print" reward. Now every printed poster you order will be hand signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene! Note that none of these add-ons apply to the design for the limited screen print, which will be screen printed, numbered, and signed by the whole dev team, at which point we won't print any more ever again! Here are all the add-ons to date: $15 -- Extra Printed Posters Requires the $100 tier "The People in Print" For every extra $15 add an additional printed poster (limit of 5 per person) Includes a high res/vector download of the poster art Your choice of poster design Each poster will be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene $15 -- Digital Poster For every extra $15 add a digital download of the poster art Available at all tiers High res/vector download of the poster art, formatted for easy printing Your choice of poster design $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book Includes all concept art for the game as well as developer anecdotes and facts about the process of finding the game's visual style Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide Includes game strategies, secrets, and developer anecdotes and facts about the process of designing the game Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack DRM free mp3 download $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included And here's another look at the two poster designs: Design 1 -- Inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations", this design shows two sides of the perilous tundra with abstract style. Design 2 -- Detailing one imagining of the "real world" of Unwritten, this design is a great companion piece to the world of shadow puppets found in the limited screen print. Just a reminder: in order to add an add-on simply increase your pledge above the stated amount. So if you were pledged at the $15 tier and you decided you wanted an extra copy of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the extra game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign we will send you a poll asking you what add-ons you chose. We will then check your selections against your pledge and will make sure you get your rewards. Joe's Reddit AMA is going on right now! Come support him and get your questions heard! If you like the post, don't forget to "upvote" it and the questions you want answered. Check it out! By popular request, Joe will be doing an "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit tomorrow (February 7th) at 3pm PST. For those that are new to the project, Joe Houston is Roxlou Games ' founder and is the programmer and designer for Unwritten . He's best known as a former core member of the critically acclaimed game Dishonored , and for his published articles on Indie Gaming and Video Game Violence . Joe has also worked for Bioware and Midway and has worked on games of all genres and platforms . For those new to Reddit and the concept of an "AMA", it is an opportunity to put a person in the "hot seat" and ask them any kind of question at all. Reddit works on a system of "upvotes" and "downvotes" to help people find the best stuff, so when you come be sure to click the up arrow to "upvote" us! We hope to see everyone and their questions there. We will post again just before it gets underway. A few backers have asked about this, so we thought we'd take an informal poll. Who thinks it would be interesting to have one or more of us do an "Ask Me Anything" thread on Reddit? We're not all that well known, but some backers feel that there would be some public interest in Joe's work on Dishonored and his articles on video game violence. Let us know in the comments! Today showed a lot of progress toward our goal, and we're excited to see so many new backers join us. This is a great way to kick off our final week! Just a reminder that getting exposure is always our biggest challenge, so if you haven't yet re-shared the Kickstarter page in some way, it would be a big help if you took the time. For those that haven't yet seen them, we have some fun icons and profile banners for sharing information about Unwritten , and a bunch of ways to keep track of Unwritten news. Profile Avatars for Backers Facebook Cover Image for Backers Roxlou Games Website Roxlou Games Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Roxlou Games Google+ Page (+1, it's one better than none at all) @RoxlouGames on Twitter In addition, Lee created a brand new profile avatar to use here on Kickstarter or "abroad". While the first batch had a more serious tone, Lee thought it would be fun to riff a bit on Roxlou Games ' motto: "Made for Nerds" and do something a little silly. Enjoy, and (to our newcomers) welcome! There is a full interview about Unwritten over at Rock, Paper, Shotgun today. RPS is one of our favorite sites, so this is a real pleasure. There is a lot of info here that hasn't been discussed in prior interviews, so be sure to give it a look! Check it out here. Joe is over at “The Jace Hall Show” website today talking about Dishonored and Unwritten . Check it out here! "Gamer Cheese" has a follow up interview with Joe talking about Dishonored , the downfall of Sensory Sweep , and a bit about the origins of Unwritten . Check it out here. We've been told to expect a few more interviews and podcasts from other sources coming later this week. If you like what you read (or hear) be sure to show your appreciation by sharing these links around! The most requested updated we're asked for is by far an update on how the final in-game art will look. This is something that we really want to get right, so we didn't rush into new concept pieces right away. We knew that we wanted something other-worldly, but at the same time it had to be grounded enough to represent the "real world" of Unwritten. Once we realized these were the ideals that were important to us, we knew that we wanted our next concept piece done by Amanda Williams. Amanda was the environment artist for the marvelous indie games Spider and Waking Mars , both of which exemplify alien worlds that still feel real. We're pleased to say that Amanda agreed to work with us, and we're happy with the results. For reference, here's the screen before her work: and here it is after: There is still work to be done, but this shows the direction things are moving. The little people at the feet of the large shadow puppets are the actual units controlled by the player, and in future iterations these will be in full color to match the rest of the real world. We're still looking to find the right places to inject living color into the scene (as in the purple fruit on the trees seen here), and we're finding the right balance of surreal elements and "real" elements. One feature we're experimenting with still is that of brightly colored kites flown by the units on the field, but those will have to wait for future revisions. We'd like the thank Amanda for bringing her experience to the project and for giving us a fresh new perspective. This is a solid start for what promises to be a weird, yet beautiful direction. Today Joe is on “DJ Grandpa’s Crib” , a smart podcast about creative people trying to realize their dreams. He talks about Dishonored and Unwritten , plus he dips a toe in the violence in video games debate Check it out! It’s a great show and the whole thing is worth a listen, but if you want to skip to Joe’s segment it’s at 11:04. Due to an unfortunate intersection of events, our musician Julian has spent the entirety of our Kickstarter campaign held hostage in Singapore. However, based on the backdrop of the video he just sent our way, it looks like it's not all bad. On the other hand, the lighting of the video taken with his iPad makes him look like an anonymous whistle-blower on a nightly news exposé. Ominous indeed. The video quality not withstanding, Julian has some insight into his process when creating music for the strange, exotic beast that is Unwritten. Once you're done watching a fuzzy, Julian-shaped silhouette tell you about the music, why not listen to a whole track of the music for yourself? You just might find it attached to this update. Based on feedback from our backers we've also now added an Unwritten "cover image" for you to use on your Facebook profile. Note that Kickstarter limits the size of images in updates, so be sure to click this link for the full size image . And don't forget to check out our other profile avatars right here . In other news, Joe and Lee were over at games site Gamer Cheese the other day to talk about Unwritten . You can check out the interview right here . Today we're halfway through our campaign, and one of our biggest accomplishments has been attracting backers that are as committed to the project as we are. We want to continue using your passion and dedication to spread the word about Unwritten, which is why we've created this special "avatar" to use as your profile icon. Use it here on Kickstarter, or anywhere you want to start conversations about the project. We've included several sizes, although be sure to leave a comment if you find that none of these work for you. Getting exposure remains our biggest challenge, and we've learned a few things the hard way. One thing we didn't anticipate is how long it would take a smaller site or podcast to publish an interview or article. This is one reason we've had trouble getting the word out during the second week. However, we have several bits of press we expect to see soon (and new updates on the way), so we're excited about Unwritten's prospects. In the meantime, keep doing what you're doing. Tweet, share, and otherwise tell people about the project. And tell us your ideas in the comments too. The profile avatar released today comes at the suggestion of backers like you, so we absolutely read all feedback and respond as best we can. Unwritten looks set to pass 30% of our goal very soon, which is a big accomplishment for both the project and for all our supportive backers. Kickstarter itself talks about 30% funding being a crucial tipping point for a project , especially if that is reached before halfway through the campaign. We're hitting that with plenty of time to spare, and we couldn't have done it without everybody that has gone above and beyond to help us get the word out about the game! That said, getting much needed exposure is still our single biggest challenge. Thankfully, having involved and passionate backers is one of our biggest strengths! If you read a game site or blog, please be sure to contact them directly and ask to see Unwritten featured there. You may also pass along our email address (<email>) for interview requests. We have already talked to a few sites and are waiting for these to go to press, but the more chances we get to talk about the game the more we can help to get others excited about Unwritten 's potential! Now for a few points of housekeeping. Lee has created an alternate design for the print poster, inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations". It has a cool, abstract quality and is definitely worth a look. Note that we've also dropped the tier price for the printed poster to make it a bit more accessible to people. We still have an update on the game's visual style coming, but it's taking us a few days longer than we expected to get all our contributors together on it. If, thanks to your tireless efforts, we are able to reach our funding goal, challenges like that will be a thing of the past! Responding to feedback from yesterday we've decided to add the digital art book, soundtrack, and digital strategy guides as separate add-ons. This allows backers to get exactly what they want, which we agree is good mojo all around. Note that all three of these items are already included in all the tiers from $70 and up, so there is no need to add them if you've already pledged at that level. The previous add-on (extra digital downloads) is included below so the list is complete. Just a reminder: in order to add an add-on simply increase your pledge above the stated amount. So if you were pledged at the $15 tier and you decided you wanted an extra copy of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the extra game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign we will send you a poll asking you what add-ons you chose. We will then check your selections against your pledge and will make sure you get your rewards. $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book Includes all concept art for the game as well as developer anecdotes and facts about the process of finding the game's visual style Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide Includes game strategies, secrets, and developer anecdotes and facts about the process of designing the game Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack DRM free mp3 download $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included Thanks as always for your support! As our first week of funding draws to a close we've seen great things happen for the campaign. We've had some great press, and we're already at 26% of our goal with over 400 backers. This is very strong, and we owe that to our passionate and involved supporters! One point of feedback we keep getting is the request for "add-on" rewards. For those that don't know, add-ons are mini-rewards that you can get by increasing your contribution above the tier you've chosen. At the end of funding we'll then send you a poll, asking which add-ons you've selected, and those will then be added to the rewards you're entitled to. We're now offering our first (and most requested) add-on: additional digital downloads of the game for friends or family. Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included If you have questions about the add-on process, leave a comment below. Feel free to post suggestions for other kinds of add-ons you'd like to see as well. Thanks! A challenge we've found when talking about Unwritten is that it’s difficult to talk about any single element of the game without talking about everything at once. One of the game’s strengths is that the various gameplay mechanics are woven tightly together, and although individual elements are simple, it is their relationship to each other that really creates the magic. This is why we've decided to post this rather exhaustive gameplay update. We want to give our current and future backers a chance to really see what makes the game so interesting. A lot of the depth and many of the details have been omitted to keep from spoiling all sense of mystery, but hopefully this mock game manual also lays enough bare to show why Unwritten has us so excited. Overview In Unwritten your goal is to cross the tundra so that at least one member of your nomadic clan can reach “God Mountain”. Each clan starts with the following: At least one “hunter and gatherer” unit Some quantity of “roxlous” (a llama like animal that acts as currency in the game) Some quantity of “food” At least one “story fragment”, representing the preexisting history of the people You then progress by playing through a series of zones, laid out on a grid of hexagonal tiles. In each zone the goal is to guide all your units from the starting point to the map exit. At this point you will be presented with a map of your current route, and will be given the choice of which way to go next. Gameplay is turn based, with all of your units getting to move during your turn. The game is over if all of your units die, and the game is completed if any of your units manage to talk to the God that lives in the Mountain. Units Units represent a small band of people from your clan with a similar job. They may be hunters and gathers, warriors, shamans, or simply refugees. They are the lifeblood of the clan, and it is only by getting them to “God Mountain” that you can finish the game. In Unwritten units have a few base stats and any number of abilities that may completely change the nature of the game. It is similar to a collectible card game like Magic the Gathering in this sense, in that the simple rules that serve as a framework may be overridden by any particular unit, creating a huge sense of variety. For example, all units are affected by “hunger”, which must be managed in order to keep a unit alive and happy (see “Managing Units”). However, a unit might have an ability that allows them to spend a point of health in order to pay the hunger costs for all units for 10 turns, thereby completely changing the pace and consequences for a limited time. In Unwritten unit special abilities and stats are created randomly, so it is highly unlikely to ever see two units that are alike. Some example unit stats: Hunger Health Strength Movement Vision Managing Units All units have a “hunger” stat, and it must be satisfied to keep order on the tundra. This is done by either paying the unit from the clan’s food store, or by maintaining enough “hunter and gatherer” units, which reduce the hunger costs for the clan and allow a certain number of units to be kept “for free”. Hunter and gatherers are fast, good at exploring, and weak in combat, meaning that it’s essential to find a good balance between them and other units. If a unit can’t be fed they will defect away from the clan. For weak units this simply means that they will starve to death (although there may be more indirect consequences as well -- see “Story Fragments”). Stronger units will become hostile, and will attack your remaining units before starving a few turns later. If a unit is going to be a burden they can be dismissed at any time. However, if this is done out in the wild (meaning they aren't on a “safe” tile like a friendly village), this is the same as running out of food. They will starve without your support, and attack you if they can. In Unwritten you will be getting new units constantly and (because of the dangers of your journey) will just as easily lose them. It is vital to keep a steady stream of units with all their varied powers and abilities coming. However, you must plan carefully lest you end up with a balance of units that becomes a burden and eventually turns on you, ensuring your failure. This balance is found by managing your “Storm Queue”, and maintaining relationships with other clans out in the wild. The Storm Queue At various times in the game you’ll be given the chance to recruit a new unit, usually through diplomacy with other clan leaders (see “Story Bouts”). When this happens you’ll get to review the stats and special abilities of one or more units and decide whether you want them to join you. If you choose to take the unit it won’t be yours to command immediately. It will instead be listed in your “Storm Queue”, and will then leave to prepare for the journey. On the tundra every so many turns a “Quick Storm” will roll in, obscuring everything in mist and lightning. During this time one of the units that previously pledged fealty to your clan will join you under the cover of the storm. Whether you’re ready or not, you must deploy the top unit from your storm queue, and place them near one of your existing units. Your storm queue can be rearranged to your liking, but only when at “safe” tiles like villages, and you cannot delay the arrival of a unit. In this way managing your storm queue and anticipating the next storm is a big part of the strategy of Unwritten. For example, since your queue is visible at all times you may see that a big unit with a high hunger cost is coming and that you cannot currently support it. Before the next storm you might take bigger risks with weaker units, getting them killed off before your strong unit drops in. If something goes wrong, you might also make sure to leave one unit near a “safe” tile, in order to drop the strong unit there so that it can be safely dismissed. For those that play tabletop games or collectible card games, Unwritten has an interesting ebb and flow that may feel familiar. It is a bit like constructing a deck or army and then executing the resulting strategy, except in Unwritten you’re doing both at the same time. Story Fragments A story fragment is the result of a critical decision your clan made. For example, each time your clan participates in a “story event” (a tile that fires off an interactive tableau told out with shadow puppets), the decision you make there converts to a token you take with you, indicating what you decided to do. For example, you may have met an old man alone on the tundra and gave him aid, or maybe you took him as a slave, or maybe you let him die. Your story fragment indicates this choice on a token and with a full text description of what happened. Story fragments may also be given to you for other actions. Should you let many of your units starve in the wild as part of your strategy, that would become a fragment that you carry with you. Note that all fragments have both positive and negative qualities on the tundra. In this case letting your units starve might be considered strong or intimidating when recounting the tale to some of the other clan leaders (see “Story Bouts”), to others it would be a sign of weak leadership. Story Bouts Because the tundra is a place of scarcity, trade and diplomacy with the residents of the wild is vital. Other clans can be found in villages along the way, and it is through their help that you will receive food, roxlous, and above all reinforcements. Diplomacy is done via a “story bout”, which represents the two clan leaders joining together to share the stories of their respective people. A story bout makes use of the story fragments you’ve collected. When a bout begins the most “notorious” fragments from your clan’s history are brought into a list. The notoriety of a fragment refers to how important other residents of the tundra might think that story would be. Killing a wolf doesn’t warrant much notice. Stealing another clan’s livestock would be a bigger event. You must then arrange these fragments into a branching tree, which always starts with your most notorious fragment. As you tell your story to the rival leader you will get a reaction back, indicating whether the leader is intimidated, encouraged, disgusted, etc. You then choose which branch of the story tree to take next, ultimately trying to gain access to the rival clan’s resources through friendship or intimidation. Because story bouts control the player’s access to new units (an irreplaceable resource), the decisions you make on the tundra directly affect your ability to survive. You may decide to make a wide variety of decisions so that you can later create a balanced story tree, versatile enough to convince a range of leaders, or you may make the same kind of decisions repeatedly, choosing to strongly ally yourself with one kind of leader. However, there is a catch to only thinking about how you will be thought of by rival clans. Your destination is “God Mountain, a place of judgement”. By what criteria will you be judged once you reach your goal? Will the God of the tundra look favorably on the decisions you made to survive, or will you be measured by a different scale? And Now We Want to Hear From You So you read this whole update and didn't find the answer to a burning question? Please ask it in the comments. We’ll either answer it there or follow up with another update. We also love suggestions and hearing about your “sky’s the limit” wishes. A big part of running this Kickstarter is so we can talk with you, so we’re here and we’re listening! In a follow-up to his article on game violence for Rock, Paper, Shotgun , Joe is talking about the role of violence within Unwritten over at his blog . Oh and somehow the topic of Little Red Riding Hood comes up. Check it out! A big thanks to our backers for their continued feedback. We have some really dedicated people who are using their excitement for the project to make things better, and their efforts are causing real changes here. First off, we got some feedback that we should have a website, Facebook page, etc. Since we already have those things it turns out that they were in the wrong spot on the page. That's been fixed, and here they are again in case you missed them: Website Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Twitter Google+ (+1 is one better than none at all) Second, it looks like there has been some confusion about how final our art is for the game, especially regarding the screenshots of the hex grid gameplay. Although these screens show the scale of the world and some of the gameplay elements, the art assets themselves are placeholder, meaning they are just roughs for concept and will be replaced as we continue to explore the look and feel of Unwritten . Apparently there are some that mistook these scenes as final art and have been concerned. We've changed some of the language in the project to help communicate that the art is temporary, and we'll also be following up with an update that shows an art style that we feel will be more representative of the final product. Lastly, a lot of people want more detail about how the game is played, moment to moment. We're also working on an in-depth update to talk about this. We're working hard to make this and the art update as polished as possible, so these will most likely be posted early next week. However, we're pushing hard and may get them done sooner, so stay tuned. Thanks again to everyone that's been out there posting about the project on forums and sending their feedback. Along that line, feel free to tell us in the comments what more you'd like to learn about Unwritten . We're investigating other feedback regarding Kickstarter reward addons and the like and will address those in a future update. Yesterday was a strong opening day and today surges on. We've seen posts about Unwritten on the front page of PCgamer.com , Polygon , and others, but we still need help getting the word out there! Your tweets, re-tweets, Facebook shares, and word of mouth recommendations are a huge help so keep them coming. Even better, if you know of a site that might be interested in the project but hasn't yet featured us, let us know in the comments and let them know through their public email address. It's a great start. Now let's keep this party going! Thanks to everyone that made our first day of funding a success! We raised 9% of our funding goal in a single day, meaning that we're well on our way to making sure this exotic, interesting game gets made. We want to especially thank those that gave us feedback and suggestions. One of our motivations in making an indie game has been that we want to talk more closely with the people that play our games and better learn how to bring them something special. So along that vein, we've addressed the biggest request from the first day: more rewards at lower tiers. We've added $25 and $50 tiers, and by request we've given access to the art book and soundtrack on their own for people that aren't ready to go for the $70 "digital special edition". Check the bottom of this update for more details, or just read about them in the rewards list directly on the project page. Remember that you can adjust your pledge at any time and choose a new reward. And please, if there is something you'd like to see from us don't hesitate to let us know . This is especially true if you're not a backer yet. Help us convince you! Thanks once again, and stay tuned for more updates. Joe @Guy-Justin Nuyda Our public profile is intentionally quiet so we can focus on keeping momentum with limited resources, but the project is very much alive and progressing. It will still be some time before we start posting again, but we will absolutely re-engage our backers when the time is right. Despite the bumps along the way, this project would not existed without all of your involvement. For those that haven't been following the latest news, we wanted to leave a couple links to the updates most relevant to the project's current status: Reflections: <url>"backers only" and only available here. @Jonah Libster Thanks Jonah. As you say, it's a cost versus time thing. We don't have much of either, but we're trying to be flexible :) @Roland Starke They will be created randomly, but guided so that they're meaningful and interesting. It's the same mechanism that generates the story events that you play in the game, and it will be tuned to making something that fits within the world and doesn't give the player a clear advantage or disadvantage. We can't have backers choose the elements in the story fragment (because of how complex they are), but we'll give each backer the choice between two fragments. Whichever one is picked will become bound to that backer, and the other will be returned to the pool. @Anonymous Your answer to @Nader Ghazi Hobballah is shorter than ours, and is just as correct. Thanks! @Nader Ghazi Hobballah We tried to make those digital rewards cool and unique, but not something that makes you feel like you're being excluded from "premium content" if you don't have them. The story fragment is a strategic jumping off point (and special token to the backer), but it doesn't necessarily give them an advantage over a player that doesn't have it. The short version is that we don't want to be in the business of withholding premium content and then charging for it (we just don't like that as developers), and we hope that we've been successful in avoiding that. If we're wrong and players overwhelmingly feel cheated once they see what we're offering, then we'll rethink our position. Thanks for backing! @Roq Sounds like an interesting strategy. We definitely have at least a Steam Greenlight campaign in our future. @Jonah Libster For sure it has some real benefits. We're a small team with a trim schedule, and any time spent managing this kind of stuff is time we're not working on the game. We just have to balance the benefit we may get against how much time it will all take. This doesn't mean we're not doing it by the way. We're just being cautious before we make any commitments. Ideally we would like to hire a community manager (who might also handle the maintenance of something like this), but at least at our current funding this seems unlikely. We're staying flexible though and are fully exploring all our options. @KogX Thanks for the suggestion about using indiegogo for additional goals! Some other Kickstarters have left some of their rewards open via PayPal after the end of their campaign. We weren't originally planning to do that, but we're investigating it now as an option. @Anonymous We absolutely want to keep the community together. We currently have Facebook, Google+, Twitter, the Kickstarter updates page, and finally the website/blog. Not having forums is probably an oversight. We're looking into it right now! @Josh Bishop Thanks for the heads up! We read a Kickstarter post mortem that said something similar. Thank you everyone for your support! An update will follow, but I just wanted everyone to know that we're sifting through the flood of comments and reading each one. We haven't forgotten you, and now that we've reached our goal your feedback is more important than ever before! For those asking about the other platforms (especially Linux), we want to put Unwritten on as many platforms as it will play well on. If we can't get the extra money needed from Kickstarter then extra platforms will follow the PC release, provided we make enough money to fund them. Based on the current level of interest in the game that seems very likely. We're also discussing other funding options to get the extra platforms, but more on that will follow. Not to worry: Mac and Linux versions are at the top of our list. Hey everybody! We're doing that live-tweet game marathon thing (<url>"Plan B" for weeks, and will continue to do so. We can promise that we're going to explore every opportunity to get Unwritten made. However, we can also tell you that the market for fund raising is difficult right now (even here on Kickstarter). Many business types still have no faith in the PC as a market (which we don't agree with), and consoles are right at the end of the life-cycle making publishers extra conservative. We have a few options, although none are anywhere near as good for the game as getting this Kickstarter funded right here, right now. At the end of the campaign we'll give you all the specifics, one way or the other. However, right now there is much that is up in the air, and even on Kickstarter the climate is changing all the time. We're devoted to this game, and we're devoted to you, our audience. Please keep the questions and comments coming. We're here to talk to you. @JeroenB Sorry we didn't get on this sooner. We'll see what we can do about those poster add-ons. I believe you're not the first person to ask about it. @Svend Andersen I could be misunderstanding you, but I think we've got those add-ons already. <url>"rename" Panda Mittens Software to Roxlou Games, but Amazon Payments would only verify the company under its original name (we had a bit of trouble with them and we decided to stop going back and forth with them on it). The short of it is that your pledge will go directly to the project, not through some intermediary. Roxlou Games *is* Panda Mittens Software LLC, by matter of a technicality. These are the less exciting aspects of indie game development. @Joel Sigal lick·start·er [lik-stahr-ter] noun 1. A small damp sponge used to moisten the tongue before a particularly strenuous session of sealing envelopes. ...nah, we're just messing with you. Welcome and thanks for your support! @Blackstaff @Lewis @David Silva We want to address this in an update, most likely before the weekend is out. A lot of people are asking us directly about what happens if the project fails to meet its goal and what we have planned to generate more interest in Unwritten. We think these are fair questions and we plan on answering them. We will say that this final week is going to be interesting. This is when a stalled Kickstarter comes back to life (if it's going to do so), and we aren't 100% sure what the reaction is going to be. In the mean-time we have new updates and interviews coming. No matter what we're committed to giving the project every possible chance of success. @Blackstaff Looks like tomorrow. We want it up before RPS does their next Kickstarter Katchup. We don't want to give everything away, but we've been collaborating with a well known indie games artist to give us some fresh insight on the "real world" of Unwritten. It's been a bit tricky getting our schedules to line up (longer than we had originally planned), but the results are very cool. Hopefully we won't keep you waiting much longer! @KogX Yep, it goes to show what a big difference a little exposure makes. That's why it's important that we keep on pushing to get Unwritten featured on game sites. One really prominent post could make the remaining goal overnight. One thing we've learned is that the smaller game sites are notoriously slow in both responding to email and in posting new content, which it tough when you're running a 30 day campaign. That does mean that we'll most likely get a lot of coverage in our last week, but the drawback is that things are slower right now in the middle. @JaqFrost Definitely going to get some forum avatars to you guys. Getting that done now. @JaqFrost and @Blackstaff Thanks for the feedback on future updates. Those are all good suggestions! @David Isaac Frohman Like most Kickstarter projects, nearly all our backers come from outside referrals, usually from articles posted on game websites and blogs. We haven't had any press the last few days, so we have fewer backers. Lee and Joe have done some interviews that haven't yet been published, so there is some stuff on the horizon. It's a bit of "feast or famine" for game news right now, so a temporary lull doesn't spell the end of the project :) Note that we are also working on new updates, specifically regarding our art style, but because we are working with contributors that have their own part-time schedules these aren't as timely as we would like. Of course if we get the funding we need these kind of worries would be a thing of the past. @JaqFrost This is definitely true. There will continue to be updates as quickly as we can put them together. @David Silva Lulls in a campaign aren't uncommon (especially when we haven't been in the news for a bit), but we have reached a crucial milestone. Projects that reach 30% or greater of their funding in the first two weeks have a much higher chance of success, and we've hit that with plenty of time to spare! Of course there is a ways left to go, and we need to keep promoting as best we can, but this is certainly something to take pride in. @David Isaac Frohman We couldn't agree more :) @Lewis We just saw that over at RPS. We're big fans of the site and the quality of its reporting, so that was a particularly bright spot in our day. @KogX You're right that we can't put together a strategy guide yet because the game isn't finalized. However, we're going to target the style and quality that you might see in an official strategy guide for print. So it will contain a lot of reference screens from the game, maybe a few pieces of concept art or stand alone art for reference, and quotes from the game's underlying story to give it some flavor. One thing we'll have that you might not see that in other strategy guides is that we'll have development anecdotes all over the place (basically little behind the scene stories about creating each part of the game). We'll have similar stuff in the art book, but of course there the focus will be on the process in creating our visual style, while the strategy guide will talk about the challenges in designing the game. We'd like to do a mockup of all the rewards (even those not yet fully designed), but we're starting to get a hefty list of update requests. Hopefully, we can get something more complete put together, but for now we hope the decription helps. @Blackstaff Ha, well we'll do our best :) @Blackstaff The specifics on that aren't finished yet, but we do know that the game is going to be tuned and balanced for a "hardcore" audience, meaning it's going to be hard as hell. We're going to have a minimum a "normal" skill level as well, for new players to learn how to play and for a less intense experience (FTL is a good example of this), but the hardcore setting is going to be how the game is designed to be played. As for your question about units, yes units have attributes that the special abilities modify. Example stats are hunger, health, strength, movement, and vision. You aren't going to see a huge number of stats, but a handful that have direct, meaningful impact. @Lewis and @Blackstaff Yup, a full gameplay update will be dropping late tonight or early tomorrow morning. That said, I can say that the game has a interesting ebb and flow to it. Combat is simplified as in a game like Civilization, you battle simple by moving your unit onto the tile of an enemy, and you already know the odds of success before doing so. A huge part of the game is managing your resources and acquiring new ones. Resources include food, roxlous (a llama-like animal that serves as currency), and most importantly new units. Getting new resources has you doing a number of interesting tasks like participating in story-events, engaging in diplomacy with other clans, and exploring the tundra. A huge focus is on unit abilities. Units have unique, randomly generated abilities and no two are alike. The odds are nearly always stacked against you, but through clever use of your unit abilities and careful selection of what units you recruit, you can persevere. Unwritten often feels like a collectible card game or tabletop game where you construct a deck or army and then execute a strategy with unique actions. However, in Unwritten you're constructing your "deck" and executing it at the same time. I know this leaves many questions unanswered, but the full update goes into each point in depth. We're taking a little extra time to make sure we have some graphics to illustrate the gameplay points. Thanks everybody for being patient. @Todd Sibelius, those are some cool ideas! We love the idea of further exploring the concept of successive generations. We'll have to fiddle with them in the context of our game, but those concepts seem like they would fit perfectly. This will be detailed further in a coming update, but we do have a feature involving your previous playthroughs, although it's expressed in a different way. In the game you collect "story fragments" for participating in a story event, which details what decision you made out on the tundra. Once per game you have the option of sending one fragment back home using a carrier pigeon. If you do this and then later die, you have the option of restarting as the next generation of your clan. As the next generation you now start with the story fragment you sent home via pigeon, only now it has grown into a "legend". This means that both the positive and negative aspects of the story have grown, making it more powerful but also more volatile. You may also keep passing the same story down through the ages. The legend will keep getting bigger and larger than life, but it may be so dominant that it ends up affecting your ability to survive. Beyond the "pigeon" feature we also like the idea of seeing old campsites and the like, but we haven't tried that yet. Great suggestions! @Josiah We are multi-monitor users, so multi-monitor support is compelling. However, we do not have experience with writing games this way so it's one of many things we'll have to investigate. That's not a "no", but it will be balanced against other features later on. Interface customization is a definite "yes". Since we'll be releasing the developer tools you'll be able to change anything, and the interface is just one aspect of that. Our schedule is tight, so extras like a color-blind mode are more likely to come in a patch rather than at launch time. That said, we have good friends that are color-blind, so we're more motivated than most to follow up on that. @Josiah System Requirements: we don't have the exact system requirements dialed in, since we're still experimenting with the look of the game. Our strategy is to create an expressive, interesting art style that runs on as many machines as possible. The game is also hand-drawn 2D (with some interesting 3D trickery thrown in to make things interesting), so our system requirements will likely be modest. Right now I'm making sure the prototypes run on my near-ancient laptop, an Intel Duo 2.20GHz. I (this is Joe) have a lot of graphics/system programming experience, so I'm confident that we can keep our minimum requirements at least this low, if not lower. Threads: yeah we're doing some of that, mostly for pathfinding, visibility determination, etc. Basically the heavy duty gameplay stuff related to all the units on screen. As you say, a game with a lot of units has a lot of CPU work to do. As for an option to control thread affinity, that's a good idea and we'll look into it. SLI: I don't think SLI is going to help you out much on this game, since we're not going to be taxing graphics hardware for the kinds of stuff that would give you a noticeable improvement. Don't get me wrong, it's going to look great, but it's hand drawn 2D so you're not going to be getting more pixels if you run it at an absurdly high resolution or anything like that. Our focus will be on compelling gameplay first and good looking effects second, and then usually ones that scale well depending on your hardware. Multi-player: single player is our focus and our schedule is limited. I want to explore the possibility of asynchronous multi-player or something unique for a potential expansion or for a sequel; however, Unwritten is single-player only at this time. Thanks @Espen! We'll definitely look into doing some Kickstarter addons. @Espen, we know the Banner Saga guys a little bit and they gave similar advice about physical rewards. Plus we have a limited part of the 75,000 goal set aside for Kickstarter fulfillment, so we only have so much wiggle room there. That said, we're always looking for ways to make the rewards cooler for the backers without jeopardizing the project, so we're keeping an open mind to all suggestions. As for more details on how the game is actually played, you're right that things are a bit lean. We're working on an update right now to give me people more information. We'll be sure to also update the front page with some of that info and a link to the update. Thanks for supporting us and giving feedback! Every little thing each backer does to spread the word and improve the project is a big help! We've been trying to gauge the interest in physical rewards, since they suck up a lot of time and energy on our end. Feedback like this really helps our decision making. If enough people are into the idea we'll definitely look into it. Hey *Josiah*. Our game is indeed "rogue-like", but it's also a strategy game and an interactive story book. That does mean the tools required are pretty broad, so you'll probably be able to make some interesting stuff that we didn't anticipate. We hadn't thought about specifically targeting old rogue-like games, but we did think about writing/hosting some tutorials on how to create different kinds of mods. That might be an interesting tutorial subject when we tackle that in the future. Thanks *Blackstaff*! We love talking about the game, and that sounds like a great update. Stay tuned... Hey Brent, thanks for your support. We hear you on the request for additional reward tiers. We've had other people say the same thing, and we're brainstorming a new set of affordable rewards for people to upgrade to as we speak. Also for those that are curious, here's that RPS editorial that *Charles George* mentioned: <url>“on hiatus” because never say never. But practically speaking it has been a long time and the team is gone. I didn't ask about any of the resources or assets. Other than the soundtrack, I'm not sure what value any of it would hold. In addition to a sad face, we can also choose "anonymously request a new update" near the top of the page as well! March 17, 2020. Still nothing. The game is now six years late - how about the assets or an update? I know. :-( Sigh. Have the decency to cancel this project. And the six-year anniversary. Well, there goes the five-year anniversary. Never mind - I just watched the pitch video again. Man, this game looked so good. The least he could do is release the assets. ...what? Permanent decisions and infinite variety. Permanent as in never gonna happen. Variety as in one flavor of doesn't exist. Create a nomadic tribe in your imagination and then fap yourself to sleep all over the tundra in a quest to meet God. Any news? The project died less than a year after it was funded. Now, four years later, it's not going anywhere, although I WOULD like it if he would at least release the resources for people to play with. Unwritten: That Which Didn't Happen? This is ridiculous. Feb 27th 2017; Hello? Hello. Would appreciate an update from the Devs. It has been now almost 3yrs since the last dev message. Hope this comes out eventually. I believe that the money all went to medical expenses for his family and that was the end of the project. I wasn't a high-level backer and wasn't upset, but it'd be nice if he could release the resources so someone else could work on it. Hahaha June 2016 and still not a peep. Incredible. Sooooo...Unwritten still unwritten, I take it? Heh. *poke* Two years since the last update? Come on, Roxlou, there must have been something to report... Nothing, apparently. Here again for the periodic 6-month check in. What's shakin'? I too am curious what's going on. Curiosity! I just realized how long it has been since I checked in. You said that the game was in stasis for a time, is it still be pursued at all? Can we get the music released maybe? hows the patient? is life support still powered or has the plug been completely pulled? Checking in again. Would love an update! Could we get an update on the game? An update, even if there's no change, would be appreciated. +1 Request for updates. 4th'd Request for update seconded/thirded... Can we have an update please? Could we get an update? It is still progressing?! Wonderful! Thats is great to hear! Just checking in - any news? Are things still progressing, or did the project truly terminate? Re. update #44 If the project is abandoned, is there any chance of backers at $50+ getting access to whatever music and artwork has been created? Personally I'd prefer for the game to be completed sometime in 2014, even if some additional funding is required. At least if a realistic budget is presented. So, where's that update? Is the update coming soon? Almost 2 months since the last update :) Any update? Been over a month. :) How is it coming guys? Nearing the tail end of October. Due to the many distractions of family life I kinda forgot I was backing this as beta-access level until just now. Has a beta download gone out and I missed it, or it is part of the general delay (which I have no problem with btw)? I should mention, yes, I read about the delay. It's cool, it happens. I just mean more, "How's it going?" type updates. :) Any updates? :) Really looking forward to this! Thanks! :) Also... I've receveid a survey about add-ons some time ago, but I didn't select any because I just was at the 30$ tier. Since you are allowed to send only one survey per tier, how are you going to ask for beta tester name to add in the credits? Are you putting Unwritten Passage on Steam Greenlight soon? Oh. Oops. Sorry :-( Oh wait... you already did it! Anyone who wants to back with PayPal... go HERE: <url>"War for the Overworld" pre-order page for Subterranean! Would it cost Roxlou a lot of money for you to get them set up? They don't have an "Overworld" sized budget... @Roxlou: Hey, no problem, guys! I just want to help. And I absolutely agree that even a delayed implementation is better than having no other way. Especially if you're able to do something visually nifty, fairly quickly, with the Kickstarter funds. I don't mean anything like an alpha (or a slice), but more like an enhanced teaser trailer with additional art assets. Just something to build some press up around your tiered pre-order page. You don't have to set a deadline for converting from simplified pledge tiers to "slacker backer" pre-orders, either. On the bigger campaign side, Obsidian's Project Eternity, as well as the smaller Two Guys from Andromeda SpaceVenture campaigns both kept theirs open for a period of time, and put out an announcement ~6 weeks or so before converting them to standard pre-orders. Backers (like KoqX!) may want to upgrade their tiers, and new backers may want to hop on board something that is more of a "sure bet". @ S.D. Subterranean Games (War for the Overworld) did it as well <url>"Tribal Visions". Thank you for sharing tribal visions. Really like the Hakka sort of singing. @Roxlou Looking forward to those updates like a needy kid on Christmas. =P So excited over pretty much everything about this game... story fragments seem fascinating and the music, which is so integral to oral storytelling, I simply cannot wait to hear more of. Definitely open a pre-order page. Other very small teams have successfully augmented their Kickstarter investments with direct pre-orders. Here are some examples from teams smaller than yours: Jack Houston and the Necronauts -- <url>#PreOrder Reincarnation: The Root of All Evil -- <url>"Coming soon!" page). Most of your traffic will come from here for the next month or so. Being ~$7K away from Linux support makes me hopeful that you'll open up this additional funding avenue, especially for your international fans who were unable to support you through Amazon payments. er, by "here" I mean "as an update", so we get emailed about it etc. As a humble request, I know the primary blog will be at roxlougames, but can you put updates here from time to time? Those of us who back a lot of games thank you. :) Congratulations on the successful kickstarter, and conning me out of my money with your wiley tactics of quality story, innovative concept and solid artistry. :P Oooh.. I'm excited!! Can't wait for this.. am captivated by the art and music, and fascinated by the storyline, mythology buff that I am...! So take your bow and get back to work... :) Congrats! Guys I am absolutely over the moon for you. I can't imagine how nail biting the last few days have been! Congratulation ! I'm veru for you (and us) that you hit your funding goal now it's time for you guy's to focus and make an awesome game ^^ Damn, it won't accept my card. Not the first time it happens on Amazon. Oh well, off to talk to my bank. Congratulations, guys! It's so great to see this actually happening :) Congratulations with a successful Kickstarter. Not only did you make it, but you actually beat the statistics. Most projects that reach their goal only do so within a 3% margin. You're at over 4%. :) Now get back to work and make the awesome game you've promised us! :D Congrats! Happy to see this made it. Now I'm eagerly awaiting the beta... :) Congrats to Joe, Joe's wife, Lee, Julian, and Amanda too, if she'll be contributing more on Unwritten. It was a well deserved win. Kickstarter done it again with the final-days surge. It was close, but I'll take it. Woohoo!!! Congrats guys!! I was really worried near the end. This looks like it will be an awesome game! Congrats! Very nicely done. I'm having "Post spending more than 100 dollars mild depression" >.< I can't believe I went in the pot for 150 Congrats on reaching your goal! I have some hope that Mac (And Linux? And iOS?) will come further down the road. I gambled for a Mac version at $80k so I'll probably end up with a rather expensive soundtrack download. :p Anyway: Cheers! This games style looks awesome and deserves to be made! Congratulations! =) Congrats of being funded. Looks like you will get to make your dream come to true. Go forth and prosper. 60 seconds to go, I'm so glad this made it. I've been watching this game for some time now and I am very happy to see it has been successfully funded. I'm also happy I had the extra money to start backing it within the last hour. I look forward to seeing the game develop and progress. And Joe Houston has a pretty sweet beard. Strong work. @Roxlou Games True, just figure a rough number will make evaluation easier. Key is whether there is profit and how much for time given. Maybe that should be an option for people to donate to a project... @Roxlou Games :D You guys have given out a TON of information in updates and interviews; I'm sure I still don't have my head around all of it. But I try! @Roxiu Games Took a quick look at your site. In my experience you could write a simple PHP functions page for your Wordpress, simple shopping cart with inventory only (no addresses, just e-mails) and link it to PayPal within 1 week of casual development or 3 days dedicated. Assuming average developer rate of $50-$60/hr at 4 hours/day (casual) or 8 hours (dedicated) so say $1200-$1800 to pay someone to do this. Maybe $1000 if the developer really knows what he is doing. WordPress is easy to develop on with PHP once the structures are understood. Another question about the story fragments at the People That Spoke tier - how customizable are they? Will the team ask for specific ideas about what you'd like your unique clan tale to begin with? @S.D. Good point about Double Fine. I think they started a revolution. Ever since their campaign last Janunary gaming options for Linux started springing up everywhere. This is going to be a great year for Linux gamers/users. @Nader Ghazi Hobballah I believe Roxlou Games has said elsewhere that the special ending is a "Thank you" only, not something like a "good" ending plot-wise. Also, the story elemen tier gets you one unique story fragment. You'll collect multiple (randomized) story fragments each playthrough as they are a central mechanic to the game. Although unique, the story fragment isn't additional plot, nor should it make your playthrough much easier. @Roq, wouldn't that be a violation of agreements with Kickstarter to do two campaigns at the same time (or do you mean separate campaigns). Certainly a "Stretch goal" campaign with a modest goal would be a good idea, or on Indiegogo you can do a "flex" campaign where you get what is given regardless of goal being reached (higher startup cost). There is of course Steam Greenlight. Desura, GoG are also good platforms for sell new games on. All have indie sections and GoG has been very aggressive on secure them. The only think I don't like about Steam is the DRM inherent on their platform. If they had a DRM-free option I'd use them as they have a great Linux selection. But Desura has DRM free options (mostly, the client is a form of DRM but the resulting downloads can be DRM free) and GoG is completely DRM free so I have stuff from them. Lots of options with the right marketing touch and of course, stretch goals via PayPal/GoogleCart on the site and Indiegogo would make everyone happy with the MacOS Linux crews. Some games have been doing a KS/Indiegogo campaign some months prior to launch in conjunction with a steam greenlight campaign, so they reinforce each other. And any pledges you get that way would have a lower cost of sale than games sold later on Steam/Gog etc., plus you get the cash earlier. I really like the expansion ideas you listed for the stretch goals so I hope it is announced so after release. Just a quick question, though it is late. If you do not purchase the tiers that unlock the story elements and/or the special ending...will we be able to eventually buy it through dlc? @ Rouxlou Games I'm surprised you weren't considering that as its almost a given for nearly every video game development campaign I've seen. Usually its the community who requests it (like here) and the profits from it are significant between the end of a Kickstarter campaign and release of the product. Why not? As long as its after the kickstarter campaign its valid. And as developers it should be easy for people with your skill sets. The API's aren't too complicated. Just make sure you have a good tax lawyer/account just in case. @Roxlou Games If you guys are ever like "hey, inspire us!" or "hey, give us feedback!", I think Kickstarter comments or Roxlou forums are the best medium. Good point Josh. Congrats guys. Don't forget to update your main page with a big banner linking to your website before the clock hits zero - you get locked out of editing your page after that. @Roxlou Games Please keep us posted on the progress you make, I love such updates from these projects. It sounds like you want to keep the community together as much as we want to be a part of it. Any plans for forums? If JP LeBreton thinks Unwritten is worthy, and is backing for Linux support, that's good enough for me. (Double Fine; we Linux gamers love you!! <3 ) My stretch-vote is definitely for a Linux version, though one would be easy if a Mac version was made and the game sold well. Best of luck guys, glad to see you made it! I'm glad to see that the subtitle of the project is accurate. :) Made it! Way to go, Roxlouvians (roxlouisianians? Roxlousandiegaaans? Fabricated demonyms are hard.) Can't wait to follow the dev updates and play this game. This game design shows that turn based strategy games don't have to be about micro-managing static resources, but rather dynamic movement through environments with rich story threads. That could be genre changing. Doesn't matter if this reach of any its stretch goals. The bottom line is that "Unwritten: That Which Happened" IS happening. Thanks to all the backers who share my interest in the project! You guys can use indiegogo to help fund for the stretch goals. Woohoo. I go play League for a while, and funding happens. Awesome. Congratulations RoxLou! Grats Roxlou Games! Very excited that Unwritten will be a thing that happens. :) Yeah cpt_freakout me too - and am in awe that KS can fund such an original game. I leave for like four hours and it's already backed? Wow, what a rush! Congrats! Don't open the Champagne just yet. Its common for 10% of all backers payments to fail. So if we have 82K I'd say its safe... Excellent! Congrats, Roxlou. I'm so glad this is going to be realized. Woho! \o/ 100k is unlike in any event. I've left my mind on that topic earlier on this topic. We'll what the developers her do afterwards. Of course if they have Linux, they can do Android/Ouya quite easily and Mac as well. Windows 8 I anticipate will be a PAIN from what I've read about the SDKs and plans to push the WIndows App store. Congrats! Excellent news! This accelerated 'hockeystick' ending seems to be the new norm. Congratulations! (And my streak of having every project I've pledged get funded continues....) Congrats, looking forward to it. See here in FAQ's: Linux is first in the list because it has a built-in community that is oriented towards self-support, and because most cross platform libraries have up to date Linux support (but deprecated Mac support). Tentatively the stretch goals are set at $85,000 to unlock the Linux version and $100,000 to unlock the Mac. Remember even if we don't get Linux straight off the bat, they'll try and fund that with sales. The most important thing, from the starting perspective, is that the game is going to get made at all. Congratulations! @Sovnd Actually that is Mac. There are notes below on the project home page.Has to do with Linux having a support community. (One of the reasons I love and support it) Let's now hope that none of the backers get credit/debit card rejected and Roxlou Games lose some of their money. But... isn't Linux at 100k? @Blackstaff Point. Many adventure games do lack that imaginative quality that allows you to apply more than one solutions that makes sense and I agree they should. That said I have seen a few adventure games that DO take this into account. Of course in any genre, the amazing gems are fewer and make they outshine their lessors even more. Sierra had a few that were good in this way I remember. I'll mention that to Senscape in hopes that their story will be one of those gems. Hoping this will be one as well. That said, "It is pitch black, you are likely to get eaten by a Grue" But - great! So amazing we are able to get this kind of original idea funded on Kickstarter! Congrats for the funding! @Saul, he can't remove the pledge if this causes the value to go below the minimum, it's a KS safety device. Keep going people. What if the 5k backer guy backs off last second we need 80k to be safe. Congrats guys, VERY happy to see this get full funding. Just gotta promise the game will come out now! :D Almost 6 hours for 85k. You can have some hope, linux fans. :) Congrats! :) The people who funded. Oh, I said that more on the tune that I can't refrain myself from wanting many solutions for a single problem. I want to test, I want to try and to retry something always new. Most adventure games are lacking on that front. But I agree, having an intellectual opposition with someone is something fun. :) Hooray! Congrats Roxlou! Congratulations, guys - fully deserved, can't wait to see the final product! Woohoo! CONGRATULATIONS GUYS!!!!!! Well-deserved! Cheeeeers! I'm sure the bottles are poppin' hehe Awesome! And...the goal is met: Can we reach $85k to guarantee Linux? I sent a message to Asylum backers....may help. Congratulations! I am very much looking forward to this! YES Well done, Joe! Congrats! There it is. Congrats ! Make the Roxlous shine :) @Blackstaff. Funny enough, Asylum is the perfect place to pick other people's brain. To each their own tastes. Yes what you say is true, but for me that is part of the fun of ANY adventure game, or play Chess for that matter. Its all a matter of figuring out how the opponent thinks A worthy skill outside of cyberspace, although not easy to acquire. Real life has little logic I've discovered. Even Spock said "Logic is the beginning, not the end" - Spock (Leonard Nemoy), Star Trek 6: The Undiscovered Country I was there. No sweat. You can't unpledge in the last day if it stops the project from getting funded. :) THEY...COULD...GO...ALL...THE...WAY! Hum... Sorry. Not a great fan of adventure game here. I feel like after a certain time, solving a puzzle is more about searching for what is traveling inside the brain of the devs than looking for a logical solution to a problem. I prefer choice in RPGs, RTSs and Strategy games. Wonderful - think we're going to cross the line now. Just hope none of those high tier pledges are trolls. @ Blacksstaff There is Asylum, a horror new adventure game also posted on Kickstarter with same $15 entry point, similar playing hours and similar philosophy with its toolset. If anyone like the Horror/Adventure genre, its a worthwhile project and the engine, Dagon, and sdk are all open source/free. So if you like this genre and like tools free for use by the public to make their own adventure games, its a worthwhile project to fund and it has a healthy chance of funding with 71% of its goal in place with 2 weeks go to. A link for those who hate to search: <url>#chart-daily Come on! Just a little bit more! Looking good! Past few days were kind of hair raising but if things stay steady we'll get to play this game sooner than later! I'm absolutely stoked for this game and thanks Roxlou for being dedicated to this cause and not giving up when things seemed bleak. Less than 2k! Only 2 more to go! Good night from Europe. Rising steadily! Looks like this one is in the back, congratulations. Game sounds excellent, annoyed I only just heard about it. just 2.5k I have been observing this game for quite some time now... Intrigued by the first video, interested when they showed us a sneak peek of the gameplay and now finally encouraged by the amazing boost it got the past few days, to create an account and back my first project. And I'm sure it's a good one :) I'd say this is pretty much a sure shot right now, which means I can safely go to bed. :) 3K to go, we can do it :) You are friends with my friends. Fellow industry devs should help each other out. Sorry it's not much. <3 Thanks for your help, Elizabeth! I think we're gonna make it, William! I'm not going to bed until I see 75K!!! 8 hours and 4K to go... this is nerve wracking! Sorry. lol I've upped by an extra $10 to give a friend a copy :) in the hope that this will help in the final push towards the goal... hopefully a lot of others will do so! So close, I don't think this can fail! You probably should. ;) The "RT" in RTS stands for "Real Time" after all, and this is a turn based game. Ok, maybe I should just say strategy games in general, then? This isn't an RTS game. Not even close. It's turn based all the way. If it was an RTS, I wouldn't be here. RTS games aren't my thing, but I can't see a game get this close and not see it make its goal. You have my 5 dollars. Keep spreading and pledging, keep spreading and pledging! It's too soon for thanking us. The real thanks will begin after we cross the line :) Won't let you down, Rosveen! (Not that I can carry this by myself, go statistical trends!) So bloody close! Aaand it just jumped by $115. Thanks, unknown backer :) Going to sleep now, I fully expect to see this funded when I wake up tomorrow! Wooo-hooo! The end is in sight! Woot! We're past the 70k mark! Looking good! :) I'm not sure angry is the word I'd use...disappointed, sure. I imagine if it ends up being THAT close with 10 minutes left we'll be seeing a rash of backers increasing pledges though. 5k 8 hours left. So...how angry is everyone going to be if this gets to $74k or just under $75k and then time runs out? Far too much potential for this game to fail at the last hurdle...I've done what I can to promote it, and upped my backing from $50 to $70 quite a few days ago...so that's all I can do I'm afraid :/ It'll be even more of a shame to lose the backing rewards :p I did my part spreading the word on Twitter, and judging by the number of retweets, there's lots of interest to make this happen. I think you'll be just fine! It seems like we've been making about 1000 per hour. Considering that we have 9 hours left and only $6000 to raise, I think we can do this. 6K to go :) Thanks for joining the party new backers! You ROCK! And everyone upping your pledge, the average on Kicktraq isn't going down >_> At this rate I think we'll make it. I'm sure it's a combination of increased pledges and new backers. Everyone's working hard... 7k to go, we can totally make it if we keep up the current pace. It noticeably sped up over the last two hours, here's hoping it stays this way till the end of campaign. 90% ohhhhhhh yeaaaaaaah! 7k. Tick, tock, tick, tock. The pace is pretty decent now. If this lasts, we'll reach the goal with several hours to spare. :) 8k... This is going to be terrifyingly close. :( I'm a total refrehs the page addict lol WE CAN DO THIS!! What a cliffhanger! Come on guys, only 9k! Please some rich people pledge 5000$ or we won't do it! 9K to go :) would not what That's it. I had enough. I just up'ed my $30.00 pledge to $160.00. This game should be made. Plus having my name in it what be cool. Do something big to get more publicity maybe. EVERYONE TRY TO GET PUBLICITY! It would be a shame to fail when we're so close. Who knows, maybe someone else will follow in the footsteps of the yesterday's backer and come up with an unexpectedly high pledge? Yeah, but part of yesterday's funding came from one person who claimed the $3000 reward, skewing the results. We saw an increase of $12K yesterday. We just need a repeat performance and *usually* the last day is the biggest spike! (<url>#chart-daily) $11k to go. At this rate we won't make it. Fingers crossed for an upswing in activity once America starts waking up, or for someone to get one of the bigger rewards. I so hope the project makes a bit extra so they can keep working with Amanda Williams on the art. Fingers crossed people, fingers crossed . 18 hours to go and looking good! Congrats guys! Wildman's loss (sulky face) is your gain. Taken the $20 from that and added it to the $20 I already pledged to make $50.... I'm not sure I did my maths too well when I increased my pledge. :p Wildman was pretty heartbreaking. I was looking forward to a good fight til the end. Coming here from Wildman, but since you don't/can't offer a Linux client I'm pleding only at the 15$ level. Anyway good luck :) Coming from Wildman campaign, which was canceld, I am pledging my money here! Go go go! It is possible! :) Final 24 hours. Let's do it for all the roxlous! This idea seems amazing! I'd love to see the expansion ideas and multiplayer versions too! Perhaps once the vanilla version is done and out there, we can see that interest foment expansions, modding and much more. I'm really excited for this and have a firm conviction that you can make your goal. People don't give up with spreading the word around ;) Usually, the last day of a kickstarter brings around twice the funding of the day before. :) I know it's hard to imagine right now, but this KS will probably end up around 85k $. This is the stretch goal for Linux, no ? :) @Roxlou Games: Did you post this on TIGSource? A ton of indies frequent it and they might be interested in this upcoming LiveStream of yours. It could help with visibility for their games as well. Yeah no. 2 on Kicktraq up +10, that's awesome. This is one project that needs to be funded. Three in a row, why not: looks like we'll hit 81% very soon! I'm thankful for the add-ons. I'm opting for extra copies of the game to give away. This has been an INCREDIBLE day for new backers: <url>#chart-daily If this keeps up - if this keeps up - I think we can do this. The slope of our chart is looking, for the first time, like it'll make it: <url>#chart-exp-trend If this momentum keeps going, then we should easily reach the goal! 60k hit only 15k to go from 15.50 to 25.50, hope it helps... I just upgraded from 30 to 40 Just found out about this one from a Brian Fargo tweet. Seriously, how could you not back a game that has Clarke Kent in charge? =D Upgraded from 15 to 30. Today's looking like the best day yet. If this holds up we just might make it. Ah, I'll bump up a bit. It would be a shame to miss out on this one. Just upgraded my pledge form $15 to $25. Anyone else care to do the same to ensure we get this great looking game? Come on, Kicktarter, pour your monies right in this wonderful project ! We don't need another wildman here. Make the kicktraq bar as vertical as possible ! I would have probably added 5$ to 15$ if this project was just a few $ from the finish line... just to push it over the line. I'm guessing that more people think like this, and that if all the people that are thinking like this put their 5$ to 15$ (or more) extra into the pledge then this game will indeed be close to or even over that finish line! So... I'm adding a few extra $ to my pledge, and are hoping that more will do the same :). Oh, sorry. Not my thing at all. Nah, Teamliquid.net, Starcraft and DotA community site. I tried to drum up some interest there, but the thread only had a couple hundred views. Are you talking about Liquid entertainment and Battle realms ? I can't say I'm nervous btw. It's going tight, but fine at the moment. Not worse than some other I've witnessed. Usual kickstarter antics, I can say. :) Is it weird if I feel almost as nervous as Joe looked in that video every time I refresh this tab (it's been open for a month straight, refreshed a few times a day)? Any of you other backers from amongst my beloved Liquidians? @cpt - The King has ascended. :) In case anyone needs pumping up for the final countdown: <url>"Derek Yu" and/or make a post on TIGSource's forums. Well, I chipped in what I could. Here's hoping for a strong final two days, this really deserves to be funded. What a great looking game, and something really original and different. Seems to me projects like this are just what Kickstarter is for. Just hoping you get the necessary funds the last two days! So I came back again and finally chipped in. Thanks to the RockPaperShotgun article. But I had seen this before, and what really impressed me was the audio. You mention all the cultural inspiration for the music, and each one are ones I find really interesting! The visual style and promise of weaving your own tale finally swayed me over. I hope this project can succeeds. If not, come back and do it again as a kickstarter. A turn-based strategy game, with a unique aesthetic based on an underused cultural and artistic style, and a mechanic-supported emphasis on building a narrative and making hard choices? I cannot describe how much I want to see this made. I will do what I can to spread the word. I showed this to Chris Avellone to make more backers, possibly. I hope it helps, even if just a bit... I've been watching this for a couple of weeks. I'm not much of a PC gamer, but this looks great and I really hope it succeeds. I just wish I had more funds available to pledge. I know it's only a small site, but I thought I'd do my bit to get word of this game out there: <url>~96% chance of success. The project still needs exposure, and it still needs all the last-minute backers to swoop in and save the day, but I don't think it's unrealistic to stay 100% positive and focused on what's in front of us right now. A few of the projects I linked to took in almost half their funding during the last several days of their campaigns. Kinetic Void did it in one--thanks to a Reddit AMA. 25 days have passed, yes, but in weighted terms, the last five could easily be their equal in dollars, as they so often are. Why should they share their plans about what to do if the Kickstarter fails? It's not like you've paid them any money at that point anyway, and if they by any chance should have a backup plan, that might reduce people's interest in backing ("meh, why should I back it? it'll get made anyway!"). Assume that the game won't be made if that happens. Backup plans are of no interest to the Kickstarter itself. If the project does indeed fail, that would be the time for asking. Now it serves no purpose and may actually hurt its chances. Also, I recommend you take a look at the funding history of some successful Kickstarters out there. The truth is that the vast majority of them receive less than 3% more funding than what they ask for, and there's a huge boost in backers during the last two days. @Lewis - While I'm glad that the statistics are in our favor, the reality of the situation is that we are down to five days to get the same amount of funding we managed in 25. What I am looking for now is for Joe and the guys at Roxlou to figure out what they are going to do if the project falls short of its goal. Obviously there is enough interest in the game to warrant moving forward with production, but the logistics behind going about doing this are something that needs to be worked out. Possibilities include making another Kickstarter campaign with a lower funding goal or creating a store with similar backing options on their website, or even simply dropping the project altogether. I'd love to see this project succeed, as I've said before, but I'd also like to start seeing plans in case of the less desirable result. 37,500 in 5 days... its possible 1000 backers and half the goal pledged. :) It's far from being over. ° == ° I've seen that Brian Fargo tweeted and backed you. Perhaps the support of good'ol'Obsidian could help if you can manage to grab their attention. A tweet from Stoic could prove useful too. I just found out about your kickstarter a few days ago (and I like to take my time when considering whether or not to contribute), so I've done so now, but it looks like you're going to fall well short. I really think the reason is the lack of publicity you were able to garner. You definitely have one of the more interesting game ideas I've seen on kickstarter in some time, but that doesn't help if no one knows about it! I hope you find some way to relaunch at some point. Hey guys, I just wanted to let y'all at Roxlou know that I hope you guys make it. This game reminds me a lot of a psuedo-table-top game my friends at school devised where we would design our own societies all of which began with the same level of resources but over time we would explore, solve puzzles, create new technologies, and develop along radically different paths. Anyway, I hope y'all get a nice big surge of support in the coming week. Do y have any further plans for the game if the kickstarter doesn't succeed? Similarly to Svend Andersen's comment below, I really like the Escher-esque poster, and would pay $5 or $10 for a digital version in a vector format or a print-quality-dpi image. (International shipping makes it unlikely I would get a physical add-on version.) Have you considered making the mp3/artbook/strategy guide into add-ons? With my game backlog, I'm happy to get the game when it comes out, and don't think I'll have time to contribute meaningfully to a beta test; but this means that I have not, as yet, convinced myself that it is a good idea to hand over effectively $35 for a pdf art book. :) I would recommend that those of us on Facebook leave a little note about the game in a status update, and try to spread the word. This looks like a very interesting project and I would love to see it funded. yay thanks RPS @Lewis - Looking at charts like that usually shows that there are many people who are watching the project and in the last few days is the last chance for them to choose whether to support or not. Games like Starlight Inception did get support from people like TotalBiscuit/TotalHalibit half way through the campaign. Looking that the charts does heavily suggest the psychology of kickstarters and backers. I wonder if in a few year someone can create an equation of a system which can almost guarantee a successful campaign (assuing the project/product is good). Will there be a coke bottle? @Joe/Roxlou: Ah, should have clarified, I looked it up and saw that your twitter handle was Panda Mittens. At that point I figured that you had done something like that and let my budding reservations go. Like I said, I'm really interested in what you wind up doing in this game, and I'm hoping for the best. @Shane - Actually, according to Kickstarter's stats, Unwritten has a ~94% chance of being funded at this point. <url>~$1000 each day, which would require 75 days (obviously) to fund, as opposed to the 30 currently allocated. Unless, by some miracle, the project suddenly jumps to ~$6000 each day for the next week, there's no way in hell that we hit the goal. I'd love to start seeing plans for when the goal isn't met rather than optimism for a near-impossible feat. Bit disconcerting to see the Amazon payments confirmation say I was paying Panda Mittens instead of Roxlou, but man this game looks great. I'm not big on tactical RPGs, but I love reactive narratives! Hoping this makes it... I really want this game to get funded, it looks great! The RPS interview seems to have helped already. I think the RPS interview helped on that. Now it just needs a Totalbiscuit video, and hopefully RPS & TB can do for Unwritten what they did for Maia. I'm seeing an encouraging increase in momentum today. Let's hope this keeps up! :) Let's get this Kickstarter lickstarted! The Kickstarter Katchup seems to have helped. I think you've got a great box quote right here: "The failure of Unwritten to gain traction baffles me." - RPS 700 backers and counting... 1k yesterday... Hum... We need to have that one around 35k for thursday, I think. Then, if the great gods of kickstarter are with us, we shall see the Divine Flood of the Last Five Days putting us in the safe zone. :) this is really suprising that more people havent jumped on this. im confused... Ha, lickstarter. Kickstarter*, stupid autocorrect. Why would anyone ever want to type lickstarter? I really hope this lickstarter succeeds, the game looks fun! Strange. Really strange. This an awesome game, made by awesome people, but there aren't that much enthousiasm and I don't see what could really turn things around, put aside some more exposure. Hit a wall, or just the mid-campaign blues. There's still plenty of time to turn it around with a few more awesome updates like the last one and some additional (well-deserved) attention. Maybe the project needs more development drama. Or Zelda cosplay. Or some kind of offensive collectible. looks as if we have hit a wall Really cool song. Pledge upped for the soundtrack. I love the direction Julian is planning for it--it's not something you often hear in games. I'll look forward to the art update. :) Great :) Can't wait. Is the art update coming soon ? It would be helpful, right now. Looks like the new Kickstarter katchup from RockPaperShotgun helped push Unwritten a little further :D Oh I was answered just a bit ago. Whups >.< Why is this not funded yet. I am confused >.< Just found out about this game from staff picks for today heres hoping you make it. Looks like a great game. I'm looking forward to the art update when it comes. It would be awesome if you could do an update that features the music at some point too. For a lot of people, game soundtrack has become a major selling point and what you've shown us so far promises to be really good. Also, would it be possible to get some backer icons/avatars so those of us who only have the blue blobs next to our names could swap that out to do some advertising across the boards. :) I have a great name for the god in the mountain... You've also made it past the 500 backers :) OK, I can't say I still have many questions after the gameplay update, but maybe some information on the special ability of units and on the lore could prove useful. I'm thinking of the shamans in particular : what kind of magic do they have at disposal ? Same with the warriors ? About the lore, I'm still thinking of my precious critters, if there are any. Could be great to meet some kind of behemoth along the way... It started so promising, but this seems to have stalled. What happened? From looking at other projects, past and present, it looks like posting frequent updates keeps the campaign in the minds of pledgers, shows curious browsers there's activity in the community and it would also provide information for us to spread around. hmm funding has slowed down a bit... We should get more active in promoting this to make it succeed, it looks awesome! You're about a third of the way through! Backer 404 not found! :D Great update. It clarifies a lot, while making it pretty apparent that I've never played anything quite like this, commonalities with FTL and Oregon Trail notwithstanding. I'd love to hear a couple more tracks before the end of the campaign, if that's possible. What I've heard so far sounds perfect. So ... you're making Caveman Oregon Trail? Just chiming in to say I absolutely love the art / visuals. What an amazing idea you had! Thanks for the explanation. I look forward to the update. Unwritten was featured in the Kickstarter Katchup at RPS with some kind words from Adam. Thank you for the information and I hope the game gets funding :) What will the digital strategy guide look like? I have seen the concept art and heard the music in the video but I am curious about the guide. However I understand if you guys are not ready to show it off. Great :) I am the hardcore past-hardcore type. You can make it hell and it won't be enough for me :) Is there different mode ? Like easy, normal, hard or something more exotic ? Like "Make the route to your god with half of the normal number of roxlous (cool name by the way :) ) ? Or larger map than usual ? I can't wait to know more about those abilities. Also do units have attributes for combat ? Like strength or willpower ? @Lewis I've asked something like that some days ago. They said they will answer gameplay and art questions in updates coming early next week. Unwritten is exactly the sort of game project I like to see on Kickstarter--inventive gameplay with a setting, art style and theme that haven't been done before. I was holding off on backing until I'd heard a bit more (and received my first KS game, which is coming in a few days), but I figured I'd just back now and ask for more details myself. What I'd like to see and hear more about is the kind of play that happens on the map. Clearly you move units around. What will they encounter in terms of resources, other tribes, dangers, enemies, etc.? How does improving your tribe affect how you can play the game? Will there be variation sufficient to support alternate strategies? How will battles play out? Judging by the map, I'm envisioning a sort of "traveling" Heroes of Might and Magic-style battle, not at all limited to just fighting, of course. Am I way off there? Can you walk me through it? @Creator This is a very cool concept, I wish you guys luck. I would dearly like the soundtrack and the digital artbook but unfortunately $70 is a lot more than I can afford; I think you priced the digital layer a bit too high . Nonetheless can't wait to see what you will create. We obviously had a new and awesome backer among us :) Congratulations ! You've just bought all the future games of Roxlou :) Ok that bit about the carrier pigeon and growing legends over generations is just absurdly cool. <3 I love the concept that the story isn't just central to the game, it is the game. Definitely looking forward to this, and loving the idea that failure will simply add to your story. I do have two questions. Will succession-type games be possible for multiple players? Dwarf Fortress allows for some incredible fan-made stories because players can trade the savegames and play as a succession of rulers. The generational idea would play off that even more, allowing a new player for each generation. It'd be interesting to see what sort of story would be built by the "legends" of each failed player, and how they impact the new players. Will there be a replay option for the story which combines all the fragments? A long playthrough, or even a succession-type playthrough, would build an interesting story whose details you may not remember clearly. A lengthy succession game in particular would build an interesting story. Oooh, I like it. That's awesome. Thanks for the quick responses to the flood of questions. Seeing a project like this has my hopes high. Last one before I think of more, I promise: Any chance of a local "graveyard" feature? You know, like "Bones" levels in Nethack; randomized elements mentioning your former playthroughs, as rumors, or destroyed camps, or anything like that? Awesome. Those were mostly the kinds of answers I was expecting/hoping for. With the disasters some game's engines have been lately, it always bears asking, though. Don't get me wrong, if gameplay is compelling, I don't need fancy graphics, it's just ingrained to think about that stuff automatically. Also on that side of questions, multi-monitor support? Interface customization? A lot of this stuff, from my experience, turns out to be major make or break stuff for long term viability of a game, which, if you hope to expand or have a sequel, stuff that makes you not suffer when replaying is gold. As much as a cool concept, cool artwork, and challenging, diverse gameplay can win a core audience, accessibility and comfort features can really help something take root, and frequently it's stuff that just got overlooked early on and became a nightmare to implement at a later date since it wasn't a core functionality. Also, one other thing I see people ask for a lot: Color-blind mode? This seems untouched so far, and it's both near and dear to my heart, and (likely) fairly moot for me. Expected system requirements, both minimum and optimal? I mean, a lot of strategy games tend to basically whale on CPU's. Support for more than two threads? Possibility of a Streamer option to limit cores through GUI instead of having to mess with affinities as much, since x264 is a beast? Also, just some more thoughts, (I love hardware, I'm terrible with code and art), are you expecting SLI/CFX support? (Or any need for it?) Any chance of an optional multiplayer mode? If you're looking for ideas for rewards that are attractive to backers and that have only limited cost in the early and most risky part of game development (which is where you are now), one that has become somewhat popular on Kickstarter is to offer the game's first expansion as an addon for, say, $10. This only works if you actually wish to create expansions for the game of course, but the advantage is that it costs you nothing until you've already got the game out on the market, and it brings in much needed cash at an early stage. I'd also make things like the soundtrack and strategy guide into optional add-ons in addition to the reward levels you've got today. This gives backers more of a chance to mix and match rewards they like best, reducing the risk that someone skips a higher reward because it contains things they don't want. Just the first ideas that popped into my head. I've been in your shoes before (well, not on Kickstarter, but I started my own game company several years ago and ran it into the ground after 3 years. Oh well, they can't all be successes ;) ), so I wish you good luck! I know how exhausting it can all be. :) I wouldn't do any physical rewards beyond the upper levels of backers if I were you. All the companies that ship physical rewards tend to be very surprised by how much time and money it takes. In any case, this project really appeals to me, so I'm now officially a backer. I have also spread the word on Facebook and on a couple of forums. If I can make one suggestion, it would be for you to be a bit more specific about how the game will play. Right now the front page is a bit vague. yeah fair point, thanks for the quick reply. any chance of any physical collectors editions? i would defiantly up my pledge for that. Anyway the concept looks great and im excited. :) Since you cover the fact that it's a rogue-like, will the tools include any "easy" settings for creating popular Roguelike modules for the game? For instance, if someone wanted to do a Nethack port into the engine, would it be about as easy as any other mod? Some suggestions and questions to keep this thing going as much as possible :) : What are the different units in the game ? Fighters ? Healers ? Or some different tribes with different abilities ? What are these abilities ? What kind of random events are you thinking to include ? Ambush ? Meeting with other clans ? Strange things wandering in the tundra ? Is there Fantasy things that we could meet in there ? ===> Please answer to these in an update. That's the best way to reach and convince backers. Oh, and send some concept arts, if you can. that's always helpful to represent how things will be in the game. I really like the artistic direction your taking. However you might want give your pledgers some additional options for acquiring the extra's like the digital art book. I'd be interested in acquiring it, but not at a minimum $70 buy in. Backed. Looks interesting and remember a bit King of Dragon Pass Wow, I came here via your RPS editorial, which really hit a nerver. The concepts hit all the important points for me. I can't wait to try it :) Fascinating project. I must say that I had a look on this since a certain article on gamasutra and I really hope that you will crush your goal with it.