Welcome and thanks for checking out our project! The WALdok is a small form-factor speaker/charger dock for iDevices that plugs DIRECTLY into any standard wall outlet. The WALdok allows you to plug-n-play and plug-n-charge in the bathroom, kitchen, office, or anywhere there is a wall outlet. It takes complete advantage of modularity. Go from jogging with ear buds to filling the bathroom with same music in an instant! MAIN FEATURES: * Wall plug-in cordless charger dock compatible with most Apple iDevices * High quality speaker that plugs directly into standard wall sockets * Bass chamber that reverberates and simulates a sub-woofer * Internal battery to it can also be used as a desk top speaker (we're shooting for 8 hours playback!) * Flip out retractable plugs for sleeker portability * Compatible with interchangeable international plug adapters for UK, EU and AU (these will be sold separately at WALdok.com - see animation at bottom of the page) The ORIGINAL idea for the WALdok came from using the iPod primarily on-the-go, then not having an easy way to continue the music without ear buds. Although we have many devices to play music, there were also a lot of times when we didn't want to fiddle with stereo systems or boot up computers (e.g. coming home after a run, waking up in the morning, flossing before bedtime, or just preparing a meal in the kitchen). Especially after working out, we wanted to conveniently unclip the iPod, just plug-n-play, and hit the shower. And while we're at it, it's automatically charging for the next workout! Of course, there are many portable speakers and docks out there - the speaker docks are mostly large and cumbersome, portable speakers were designed mostly for traveling, and they all took up precious desk and sink counter space. We also didn't like the idea of having any electronics on the wet sink, especially with unsightly cords snaking up to the outlet. Other disappointments were poor "tinny" sound quality and the lack of charging feature on portable speakers (which are mostly designed for any generic MP3 player). Design wise, we wanted to develop a product that was: portable and small in form-factor, convenient yet out of the way (no cords!), while not compromising on sound quality. Early form inspirations were wall plug-in nightlights and scented oil warming devices. Another important consideration was to complement both the minimalist Apple design, WHILE addressing the round form-factor of the large speaker driver. But don't let the small size fool you! - we have designed the WALdok to produce the biggest and best sound possible. Besides the small form-factor, we wanted the sound quality to be a top priority. After reviewing other portable speakers, we made the decision early on to go with a LARGE 40mm driver and not compromise for anything less. The sound quality difference in the 40mm driver was surprising in terms of the precise highs and clarity it produced, as well as volume in general. We also specifically designed a spacious "bass chamber" inside the body to reverberate the output sound like a sub-woofer, thus producing a fuller, richer low-end response. The result is a crisp and booming sound in a compact package.. You can even take it while traveling! For travel compactness, we incorporated the retractable flip-out plug feature. Why bring both portable speakers and a charger cord? Even if you have a full sized dock and speakers at home, the WALdok is the easiest way to plug-n-play for ambient music. KICKSTARTERS! This is where we need your support. We have so far designed and developed the FIRST proof-of-concept prototype. It looks, works, and sounds awesome. It fills the entire bathroom with music while showering. It even makes us brush and floss our teeth longer! What makes our project much more costly (than typical add-on products) is definitely the electronics - We're not just making a charging dock, we're making a high quality speaker as well. This is a significant added cost besides the tooling to make plastic parts, purchasing all components, design and development of packaging, and logistics/fulfillment. Also with your support, you are being a part of developing a cool new product from sketch to production! As a gift, you'll receive the first units fresh off the lines. Also, you'll gain private access to the development process as we'll be chronicling with details, insights, hurdles and issues that often arise in product development. In the higher backer levels, we'll run limited editions of the WALdok in BLACK, as well as offer our one-of-a-kind transparent body BETA level prototypes Interchangeable adapters for international outlets (UK, EU, AU) which will be sold separately on WALdok.com. *** iPhone4 *** *** iPod classic *** *** iPod touch *** *** iPod nano 6th Gen *** *** iPod nano 5th Gen *** Thanks for your support! Note: The first prototype we made is shown in the photos - the final product color & finish will be much sexier! Speaker driver cap may be red or chrome - depending on our final component sourcing. International wall outlet adapters not included. iPhone and iPods not included. iPhone, iPod, Apple logo, Made for iPod logo and Apple are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. ... to all the backers! Obviously this project would not be where it is without your support. Now that the project has ended, the real work begins! It will take a while for Amazon to process all the transactions - I will then be able to use the funds to 1) take care of accrued expenses thus far 2) gear up and plan for future expenses. We have received the first PCB prototypes last week - power supply is working great, our engineer is happy with it, he is now working on the audio side. We have also put in place NDAs and are in the middle of obtaining quotes from manufacturers and various component vendors (speaker, battery, misc hardware). Also waiting for packaging quotations. Cheers! Hern PS - We are also trying to acquire all older gen iDevices for testing with the WALdok - which is required by Apple if we want to claim compatibility with those models. So if you have any older gens laying around, please feel free to donate! (They can be sent back to you after testing if you wish). We're looking for iPod classics (1, 2, 3, 5 ,6), iPod nano (2, 4, 5), iPod touch (1, 3, 4), and iPhone (3GS). Hi everybody - What an exciting 24 hours! We went from 11% funded at this time yesterday morning to 62% today - thanks to all. I'm VERY excited by your excitement for the WALdok. And the feedback has been great! I have also had a lot of request for: investment opportunities, manufacturing, marketing and PR, employment/internships, etc, and even just individuals volunteering to help in any way... and tremendous support from friends and colleagues (I'm going on 7 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours... but no complaints!). I also want to thank those who backed the project with amounts way above the minimum required for the reward level - it shows you really do believe in this project and want it to become a reality as much as I do - so a big THANK YOU. Preliminary concepts for interchangeable international plug adapters have been completed. These will service UK, EU, and AU outlets (these adapters will be sold separately from WALdok.com). And don't worry, the US plugs will still have the flip/retractable feature. As for the battery, we're trying to source a lithium-ion that will allow 6 hours (shooting for 12) of play time so you can use the WALdok on your desk top or anywhere else as a portable speaker. (No, the internal battery won't charge your iDevice) Other that that, I'm currently still working on tweaking and perfecting the design in CAD, component sourcing, and PCB design is being kicked off next week... (This is on top of two client meetings and a medical hand-held device project I got pulled into and will be serving as a "ronin" on... busy next week!) Today I'll be shopping for a baby gift (any ideas?) and driving up to Wakefield, Massachusetts to visit a good lighting designer friend of mine who just had a newborn baby (Yea Kinley!) - Hope you all enjoy your weekend! Thanks for your support and keep spreading the word! Hern Hi everybody - Attached is a "concept" of what we are trying to accomplish (again bowing to the overwhelming demand!). We'll add on the ability to swap adapter slides for international customers as well as jet setting Americans! This is a tremendous added cost to the original product we set out to design: - much more design and engineering - additional prototyping - additional mold tooling costs - additional regulatory compliance ($$$!) 1) Received lots of general positive feedback and... OVERWHELMING feedback on expanding the use of the WALdok to the iPhone and other iPods. So......... 2) Our engineers and I have been working around the clock to redesign the WALdok to accommodate this request - we researched other models forms/dimensions/ports, have tweaked the design not only to accept the larger form factors of the iPhone and iPods, but also previous generations of them - because it would also be a great option to utilize an older device (that we no longer use) and make this a more permanent install. And most importantly, we have ran FEA (Finite Element Analysis) on multiple design concepts to analyze the stress added by the additional weight. We're happy to announce, with the new design changes and reassurance from our analysis, we will be able to expand the range of the WALdok to: iPhone iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPod classic iPod touch iPod nano The 30-pin connection is very secure and tight (you can see for yourself by testing with the nano charger cord), and along with the nano's ability to rotate screen, it shouldn't be a problem. * We're going to try to incorporate a battery and flip-out feature for the plugs (space allowing!) so that it can also be used as a portable "unplugged" speaker. The plugs can double as a kickstand when set on the desk top. * We're also in the process of acquiring preliminary quotes from manufacturers. The sound quality from the 40mm driver is AWESOME. MAJOR UPDATE. Great news. Please read. Mini update in the comments! Lower the pitchforks! New update posted #29. Good news. Very late, but good news. We got the go ahead! Just posted an update. Yes. Oops forgot to notify here. Mini update from our manufacturer posted yesterday. Thanks Amir. Guys, quick mini update in the comments section! Guys - New mini update in Update #26 section re: ATS testing... for those still alive. Mike, send an email to <email> Zach, check the update comment section for new videos! Hey Zach, see Update #26. Haha that's cute! I wish you the best of luck with that Steph. On a serious note, I have posted a mini-update on the status of our testing in the comments section of Update #26. Cheers. Hey guys - Hope everyone had a nice holiday break. I posted a new update that we received from our manufacturer over the weekend (comment section of Update #25) . Things are looking good. Hern Guys guys guys... New update from the manufacturer in the comments section. Trumpeting positively, Hern Another update from our manufacturer (Update comments section). Stay alive Tim! Hey guys - Yet another "mini update" in the comments section of the last update. Andy - yup. That's exactly what I'm dealing with right now. The manufacturer is working with third party vendors and testing labs, making adjustments, submitting, getting feedback, making more adjustments, re-prototyping, resubmitting, testing/troubleshooting, etc. Another mini update! (in the comments section of #25). Basically we are trying hard to pass the final third-party TDMA testing (we passed with one, we failed with another). Mfg is currently working on making electrical adjustments on the PCB in order to pass this test and finally get the thumbs-up from Apple. Mini update in Update #25 for the restless natives! Update #26 coming soon... pending final TDMA testing results. That is correct. It's a process. Thanks Nick. And it should get pretty serious soon, as I have personally scolded Apple HQ informing them of DP's shaken confidence. Put on your seat belt! "Guess we're just along for the ride." - Yes, what else did you expect? "...feedback and experience." - If I am waiting for vendor and Apple updates what kind of updates do you want? Updates about no updates? Poor Shawn. I will however say that those who are defending Shawn's attitude and playing the perennial victim should take a look at other kickstarter backers who understand the concept of kickstarter and what it's really supposed to be like. In your flippant reply directly to me you asked for the remainder of your pledge minus all fees taxes, and costs. Do you want your $0.18 or the WALdok units? For those who are getting antsy in the pantsy: I haven't "worked" on this project since November. I have just been managing the vendors, going through the Apple MiFi Program hoops, answering occasional vendor emails, etc. There are "lead times" that are out of anyone's hands. For example, it took over 2 months to get the last VERSION of working prototypes done. Combine the engineering/manufacturing time with Chinese New Year, it just happened. Most recently, we sent out prototypes for testing at Apple's TDMA testing labs in the first week of February. No word from them yet. Hence no updates from me. AND we still have to go through UL testing as well after getting Apple's approval. Also, the same approval process for the packaging (design, prototyping, application and approval). I've been waiting on results as much as anyone. So @Nick - I might as well be on a beach having a drink. Me jumping up and down is not going to get vendors and Apple to move any faster than reality. For those talking about "refund": I shouldn't have to, but let me unconfuse you guys because you seem to not understand the concept of Kickstarter. The funds were raised for the development of the project, not to buy a product. Reread that a few times. The initial units of WALdoks were offered as free gifts (KS lingo: "rewards") for backing (KS lingo: "pledging") the project at certain levels. This is true for ALL crowdfunding sites. This isn't Amazon or BestBuy. Furthermore: % fee was paid to Kickstarter % fee was paid to Amazon % were paid to IRS $ were spent in engineering and prototying thus far $ is bugeted to be spent for future costs So this "refund" that you are referring to - Fight that good fight. If you find it, please let me know ASAP. Sent from my WALdok Yup - 7 prototypes are being made and sent to third party labs and Apple for approval. (Although nothing is happening right now being that it's Chinese New Year. Mfg: "Factory Will Be Closed: Saturday 1/21 - Sunday 2/5"). Thanks guys - updates in the backer section as soon as I get them! Hey guys - posting some mini-updates in the Updates comment section so I don't constantly send out non-milestone updates to every backer. Thanks for the support Mike! To be completely honest, I landed at Logan airport in Boston tonight at 6-something pm, came home and read 17 messages and 11 notifications in my Kickstarter log-in email. Then wrote an update. Yes, your comment was one of many that made me hurry up with a general no-milestone update but you can be sure that yours wasn't any more interesting than the others asking for an update. You are looking way into nothing. You may have better luck with the FBI. Guys* Guy - new update posted! Robert Leunis - please send me a note with where you want the $10 USD sent to. But first you will have to get back to Kickstarter to delete your account permanently or find some other way to remove your access to the backer's only update section. Once this is finalized, I will immediately send out your pledge. Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. Waiting a few more days for an update - we have the WORKING prototype completed (ver. 1.0) - from experience with product development, I'm not expecting it to be perfect. However, it's still a very exciting step! I will post an update when we receive it (currently in transit), possibly with video and of course tons of pictures. Stay tuned... and of course your unbridled patience is much appreciated. Steven - Will let everyone know what we decide with the left over BETA clear prototypes. Alex - it does NOT have a 3.5mm jack, that was a prototype we made just as a proof of concept to test sound quality using off-the-shelf and cannibalized parts. The production unit WALdok will work off the Apple proprietary 30-pin connector only and be compatible with most older and newer gen iDevices. Yup - thanks Nick. Aside from the factors we have to deal with in "typical" product development involving electrical/mechanical design, prototyping and manufacturing, we have to also go through the process of Apple's MFi Program which adds longer led times and tons of extra management. I'll make sure to update with info as much as I can to keep everyone abreast of the latest developments. We're running as fast as possible to get to the first batch of BETA prototypes. But in saying so, we also don't want to rush and compromise on quality, as we're not just making models, but shooting for robust product design that can eventually be sold to the public. 24 hours to go! Please repost and spread the word! One post or tweet can make a big difference - <url>"worst case" scenario + further investment required (since Kickstarter model is all or nothing). So please keep spreading the word! Thanks guys for the support! 21 days to go - keep spreading the word! A Facebook post and a tweet would be appreciated! HI Loius - thanks for the suggestion. But I think we can do better than $39!! Especially if we just need the adapter parts. Nope, stilll here. On conf calll as I type (with PCB house). Cheers Hern Thanks a bunch for stepping in to answer some questions Adam. We're still busy working on the final design of the housing, PCB layout and also all the fun that comes with setting up the business side of the WALdok. Answers to popular questions are also posted on the FAQ page on WALdok.com. Kurt - Even with petrochemical plastics, it's hard to specify a UL approved material/color. For a widget that wasn't electronic (or plugs directly into the socket), it would be easier to consider alternative materials like bioplastics. Finding an approved bio-material that satisfies everything from design feel, engineering, compliance, and cost would out weigh the benefits in this type of application. Thanks Elijah! I slowly watched the sun rise this morning... haha haha YOU GUYS ARE KILLING ME.... incorporating those international slides will be SO MUCH more than the $30k we are shooting for... Hi Tomas - it is something we considered - similar to this: <url>#6. David! The center is the foil cone (aka dust cap) that's part of the diaphragm, found on typical speakers. User functionality of the nano touchscreen is unhindered and should be exactly the same as using the nano undocked and in your hand. Luis - During testing, it sounds great even with the shower on! Kikin - Por ahora nos estamos centrando en el conector americano, pero se puede utilizar con adaptadores internacionales. Ashley - Unfortunately the shuffle uses a 3.5mm stereo headphone jack for both audio AND charging. WALdok will use only the Apple 30-pin connector for both audio and charging. (FYI: the jack you see in the photos was to get the proof-of-concept prototype working for testing purposes) Hi Ivan - Currently with this version, we're focusing on standard US sockets. However it can be used with international adapters, although obviously it would be pushed out a bit from the wall (another reason accommodating iPhones, iPods, iPads, Blackberries, DRIODs and StarTACs is unrealistic). We are going through the application process with the Apple MFi program - it certainly is a significant cost just to use the logo (and purchasing the component). Yes, very specific market - pertaining to a handful of nano user scenarios. We all already have docks and speakers, and if you're fine with a Logitech, Altec or Bose sitting on your sink (or boombox on the toilet tank as we used to do back in college) and cord snaking up to the wall outlet, then this is really not a need for you. And again, we're really not focusing on iPhones, iPads or even Blackberries with this niche device. But we'll see about the USB. Noman - we also considered this, like many camera battery charger blocks. We'll see how much room we have back there (we're also considering a battery so it may be too tight for either or both). But it really would make it more portable and could also double as a kickstand. If we do go with it, we'll call it the Noman feature. It's not a question of adapter trays being "difficult to produce." We didn't set out to make a universal dock that appeases the entire Apple line up of products past and present. Nor even other generic MP3 players. There are plenty of stationary desktop docks out there with universal add-on trays. We just don't want that next to our wet sink. It's designed just for nano owners that see a need to plug-n-play, and adding another "method of use" aside from clipping it on-the-go or slapping it onto watch bands. The design goals were simple - 1) DIRECTLY plugs into the wall outlet 2) small form factor as possible 2) 40mm driver. To consider users placing and balancing a full sized iPhone, iPod or iPad onto a unit satisfying these primary goals, and 4 feet above the ground, would be unrealistic and reaching. Also, there are no screws or brackets, it's supporting itself by the outlet prongs. Do you want to put your $600 iPad on it 4 feet off the ground? This product is specific for iPod nano owners only. I really am beginning to suspect this may not be coming. It was the first thing I ever backed. Everyone here will be happy to know that I received a reply from Kickstarter from my complaint from May 2013. That’s right just a quick 7 1/2 years to get a reply. They value my input but won’t be taking any action at this time. Jeez. have you heard anything from kickstarter? Please refund me. This item has STILL not been delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Please refund me. This item has STILL not been delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. lol Where is our money, Kickstarter? Almost 10 years from this huge scam. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Every time I think about backing something on Kickstarter, I visit this page. lol nobody getting shit other than hern. what a fucking joke. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Still waiting... you lying! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Just got my shipping notification! I don't want to appear cynical, but I am beginning to wonder whether he intends to deliver on this project. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. It would be pretty hilarious if Hern posted an update saying he was still waiting on a demo unit just to troll us. The WALdok fiasco ruined kickstarter for me. I only buy products that make it onto Amazon or retail shelves - fool me once... Damn hern damn I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Stop with the invoking rights thing. It doesn’t work. Nothing happens after posting it. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. This user's account has been deleted. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Ok... I saw everyone doing the “KS rights” posting and then never posting again. I thought maybe they were refunded or something. Nothing happened on my end. This user's account has been deleted. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. How's the "invoking rights" thing working out? Anyone get a refund? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I can't wait to use this WALdok with my iPod Nano from 2011! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. 760 backers... Wow. Did anyone ever get the t-shirt at least? Tick Tock Hern. My iPhone 4 has suffered in silence long enough @Joe: I've been asking for a refund since 2014. Good luck! The iPhone 4!!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I know it's a risk and investment but it would have been nice for you to at least tell us you could not come through on your end. Was a cool concept and design but this is now dead technology. Thanks for taking my money and never delivering the rewards promised Everyone please go to the main product page for WALdok, scroll to the bottom and click "Report This Project To Kickstarter" -- Kickstarter is very reluctant to care about anything, let alone a project that is so old but at least they will have to look at 600+ complaints. So far, the MA Attorney General's Office of Consumer Affairs appears to be of no help (see posts from Eric Franklin) but as he said, the more people who complain there, the higher the chances of MA A.G. taking action. Also, use the Federal Trade Commission complaint assistant to file there as well. <url>#crnt @ Jedd - me too. I want there to be some sort of update and path to a new product. I really liked this thing. This guy is a fucking asshole That said, the Massachusetts A-G office kept plugging away at this longer than I'd expected. And their last message included this: If other consumers are calling and complaining about the same issue the attorney General's office may take action on behalf of all consumers and not just one consumer that has filed a complaint In other words: If more people complain, they may take action. sigh- this is the project that got me to first join kickstarter..and it is the one i can still check in at and get angry... i don't expect a refund, but the awful level of communication and literally taking peoples money and not being considerate enough to just respond or post or anything... You guys need to relax. This whole site is looking for backers, as in investors in these businesses. Investing is ALWAYS a risk. This one didn't pan out for the investors... Move along. Wow...now we are all past the SIX YEAR mark for this "project" that we all helped with. ... and the Massachusetts A-G office called (!) me this morning. If he's not a registered business (and he doesn't appear to be), there's not much they can do. They recommended going to the FTC. <url>#&panel1-1 This is the most current response I received from Kickstarter: Hi there, Kickstarter's Terms of Use outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Best, Katherine Think about the people that just wanted a simple iPod nano dock. They got taken on a rollercoaster of iPhone modifications they never wanted. ... and by "April," I mean "July." For what it's worth, he DID respond to the Attorney General. It was a cut-and-paste of what Brendan Dearie posted in April. But the more of us who complain to our AG's office(s), the more likely one of them will actually act. And we can also complain to the Massachusetts AG's office (Massachusetts is where "Hernetics" is located). <url>"backer update." I emailed Hern a few times after the project was funded and he usually replied within a day to a few weeks. My last email to him was on Jan. 6, 2016. He never replied. I would say this project is dead. If anyone gets a refund or hears from Hern, let us know. This is the only KS project that has not com through. A sign of life would be nice. This is antiquated technology now. Hern - Please refund my hard earned money. I just filed a complaint with my Attorney General's office. Tired of waiting for a product that I won't be able to use due to his changing the dock. The lack of communication is the last straw for me. Waldok II: Speaker is now the magnetic charger for an Apple Watch. No sound capabilities. LOL This still pisses me off +1 to TrashMan, I would like to officially request a refend <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. Looks like we are entitled to a reward or refund if the Creator is unwilling or unable to fulfill the reward. Looks like that is the case. I don't see how this can still be going on after close to 5 1/2 years so far. Hern!! I'm sure most would agree that any kind of update or communication is better than you neglecting the people that have funded your venture. Touch base, just to let us know that you haven't forgot about us! Remember that you wouldn't even be exploring your product, dream whatever if it wasn't for those of us that funded it in the first place. I do understand that product development takes time and there are always wrinkles to iron out and hoops to jump through but we have not heard from you in almost a year and a half!!! That is unexceptable! Again you wouldn't be where you are today without us, show some consideration and courtesy to your backers whom have been patiently waiting for 5+ years! Let us be included. Let us be aware of where this project stands! How about an update? If this is stuck or failed, at least let us know. � Dirky Dirky, Herns a big Jerky. c'mon man just fess up Any further update Hern? I contacted my Attorney General's office who reached out to Hern and this was the response they received: We are still working with various manufacturers. We are in the quoting process and can verify with current quotations and interaction with Apple. This was not a sale of a wall speaker, it was a crowdfunding for a business venture that the complainant has absolutely signed a contract for via Kickstarter, in exchange for a "gift" for early supporters. HERNETICS, LLC 88 Gerrish Avenue #307 Chelsea, Massachusetts 02150 Its complete BS, we have been given no updates on manufacturers or the interaction with Apple, If Hern was more forthcoming perhaps I never would have reached out, but we have not had an update in over a year. This user's account has been deleted. Kickstarter are useless too. Their customer service team are patronising at best. I'm in the UK so seems a case of out of sight out of mind, for all of us I think. So i did call Hern and talk to him, you can find the number yourself on his website (<url>#307 Chelsea, Massachusetts 02150 617 383 4376 <email> I'm sure Hernetics is hard at work on our Waldoks! Update please. The airplay device are everywhere for now. And you still need to a final test for take a fucking shit ? I will be here as your grave regularly. It can make me clearly one thing. Your coffin containing my money. Yes, I regularly come to worship you, as long as I can, and I will curse you till to the end. Giving up on this one. Obviously Hern just did it for the fast cash and bailed. Another example as to why KS is a con-artist's paradise. I'm throwing in the towel on this one. If I ever see you on the street Hern knuckle up. FIVE YEARS <url>"most complained about to the FTC" according to Forbes: <url>"that nitwit Hern stole my money!" PS: Shon, STFU dumb-dumb. You must enjoy catching it from the back. SMDH... 4 years.. Are we ever going to get this thing..? Should just make it a bluetooth device and be done with it. Hern keep up the spirit I don't care if you are for the project creator or not, but please don't tell us not to complain. It has been over FOUR years now. Fundamentally, this has not gotten done and it should have. It could have gotten done earlier under earlier designs successfully and been revised as phones changed and Android got more popular. It would have been cool to have with the iPhone 3 & 4 and the iPods, then move to the newer models and other players. Oh well. $76,491 gone and my $59. If it had come out, I am sure it would have been great at the time and would have made much more money. I can't believe people are *still* complaining about this. Backing a project is a *risk*. AFAIK, Hern is the only person working to bring this to us. He doesn't have a team. Am I disappointed it isn't finished and I haven't received my reward for backing the project? Sure. Would I like more frequent updates? You bet. Did I understand that I may lose my money when backing the project to begin with? Absolutely. Do I have the technical know-how and understanding of the engineering, programming, production and even the certification process? Nope. So I have no business assuming that I could complete the project any quicker. The other thing to consider is that Apple has changed its technology. What if he shipped the original project we backed, with the 30 pin connector? I ditched my iPhone 4 long ago and I'd be even more upset with a paperweight speaker than one that supports the current Apple tech. I think the only real disappointment comes down to his opportunity now for this to be a viable product in the marketplace. With bluetooth speakers so prevalent and fairly inexpensive this is a tough market to enter at this time. That I'm sure puts a dampener on motivation to get it done now. But one thing is clear to me: Kickstarter is *not* a marketplace. It is not Amazon.com. I am guaranteed *NOTHING*. Not by the project or by Kickstarter. Quit rabble rousing and if this project happens to move to completion and we get rewards, be thankful. Hern if you believe in karma, you are screwed. you have lied and stolen from 760 that we know of. shame on you. i wonder if we could have a roll call of the 760 backers to see who is still alive! Hern, you can't outlive us all! but i'm curious how many people from the 760 have passed away?... Why have we not all received refunds by now? This is crazy and obviously Kickstarter doesn't care at all. In all honesty, this project and one other failed project really soured me on Kickstarter. I realized there's a reason some inventions never see the light of day. It's because the inventor's can't execute. Fool me once... ps: I'd rather wait and buy a product on Amazon than give someone money for nothing..... Any new updates or a completion schedule? Unbelievable how long this project is taking! Can you a least be honest with us and let us know if we are ever going to receive a finished product? ok..I'm ready for a refund also.......I only have an Android phone now anyway... Hey Hern, how about an update? Last one was nearly 6 months ago... It's a shame that this product has become obsolete before even coming to fruition. Not only do I no longer use an iPod, but I haven't even physically connected my phone to a device to play music in 2 years! Honestly I'm a little worried about balancing my iPhone 8 plus plus on this tiny device by the time it comes. I just thought I'd stop in again and say hello. And to also note that I have moved since filling out the survey, so I'll need some way to update my address if you ever do get to a shipping date. 4 years, last "update" was October 2014, and still no final product, unbelievable! How do I go about changing my shipping address? I see that our 4 year anniversary is coming up are there going to be any gatherings held XD Hahahahahah In 2011 760 brave souls wanted to fly to the moon and we funded it. But once we got into orbit around the planet earth, Hern decided we should go to Mars instead. So we flew out into interstellar space with hopes of reaching Mars. Little did we know we'd never get there, see Hern didn't bring any directions to Mars only to the moon. We have been lost in space ever since... @Robert L. - I'm more supportive than most here, because I message him directly AND he replies. I've repeatedly said I don't know why he doesn't post smaller happenings here. Months between updates is pretty crazy, but that is what Hern does, so I deal with it. He is always polite and informative in his personal messages, so I'm good. It could all be a sham, but an iPhone speaker seems like a pointless thing to fake when there is ZERO recourse Kickstarter will take on failed projects (just look how many people have tried on this one). He could totally be gone with the cash, but why keep coming back every few months when people here are running around with pitchforks? Why remind people of the project if it is a fake? Doesn't seem logical. That is the most telling sign to me that this project is still inching forward. (Side note: I originally purchased more than one to give as gifts in 2011... 2011! We're all more than shocked at how long this is taking.) FAIL. working on this for almost 4 years. I wonder what other Projects we may have funded for you that were not on Kickstarter. This was the FIRST kickstarter i backed. Just funded my 10th. Come on you slacker. Plus i need to change my mail to address. Nick Rooney, you are full of ... and get out of hern's bed. $159 I pledged. 159 dollars. You should never, ever gamble with money you aren't prepared to lose. An expensive life-lesson. In the last 4 years, many things have happened - including me purchasing portable bluetooth speakers for every occasion........ I might as well have bought 159 dollar's worth of cake. Light airy sponge cake. With cream. And strawberry jam. With a light dusting of icing sugar. And a candle. Real shame - it was a cracking project idea. This project must be the longest non-delivering project in KS history. Unbelievable. Just a little over 2 months and we'll be 4 years in. No update since October of 2014. Wow. I hope you haven't thrown away the $76,000 people paid you to use to build this - on other things. Any update? 4 years...............that's a long time, isn't it? You have updated the website to read: "All content © 2015 WALdok HERNETICS, LLC All rights reserved" so this means your still ticking for 2015.... how about an update then please... don't leave us connected to the frozen pole with our tongues connected still. How about an update? at this point i just want every backer to leave 50 comments a day or 5000 comments a day here so we start to jam up kickstarter's servers for retalliation for ignoring us! At this point, I'd like to see this be the longest KickStarter to reward backers with them being so delighted with the final product that they dismiss the other 4 years. Anyone know what the longest KickStarter is that was eventually fulfilled? Oops, I meant to ask a more significant question. I completed the survey for this project a long time ago, and I have moved to a new location since then. In fact, I moved over a year ago, so I'm pretty sure that mail to the old address won't even be forwarded to the new address. Any plans for how to handle people who have moved? In my case I have an iPhone 5s, and I'd still like to see this. It seemed like a very interesting project, and I do hope it eventually ships. Another month and no update. I really feel like this is never going to happen. Hello. I hope this is now compatible with iphone 6? Friday update! Friday update! I am not sure how you live with yourself after taking our money and not keeping your promise of even a 'process blog'. 3.5 years later...heres an idea... Keep speaker design, add adjustable/flexible arms coming from the bottom, and ditch the apple connector for a usb, make it connect with Bluetooth, problem solved and you can use other phones with it. Better yet just give me a refund. Well, with the iPad stops and the iPhone 6 Plus, I'm guessing this will only be good as an Airplay speaker... 1237 days since funding completed and I basically traded my funds for a string of project updates. I don't know why I am expending the energy to write a comment here, nothing will get me my money back. This is one of the very first Kickstarter projects I backed and now I rarely back physical hardware kickstarted projects because of the what is essentially a failed project, the WALdok. at this point who really cares about the "ears" just release it already! All of the below 3 messages is here...with more: <url>"We are excited to partner with Convergent Dental to bring this revolutionary product to market in record time,” said Hern Kim, Principal Designer at HERNETICS, LLC. “It is a great honor to have the opportunity to contribute to a product that will completely change an industry." Worst kickstarter ever I contacted Kickstarter and they would not get involved in any form whatsoever. They suggested I go directly to Hern and try to figure things out. Has anyone else contacted Kickstarter directly? You would think with enough complaints they would do something. <url>’m sorry to hear that backing the WALdok project has been a frustrating experience. Projects that launch on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development. As such, creators will occasionally miss the mark on their initial estimated completion dates. Delays can occur for any number of reasons, but they are almost always in order to maintain or improve the quality of the project’s end result. Still, it’s important to us that creators communicate this information to backers along the way. If you have questions regarding the status of the project, I encourage you to post a comment, or even reach out to the creator directly using the “Contact me” link on the project page. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and part of the Kickstarter community. Best, Natalie briankb, i signed up on your crowdfundinghalloffame site but i have zero permission to post, reply or even send a message so I will just tell you here: you should add a project for Instacube - that project is bordering on downright criminal. message me if you want details. also maybe there is a way we can convince the kickstarter people to add a time limit - i say 3 years is more than generous amount of development time (unless one is crowdfunding a colony on mars!)! after 3 years unfulfilled projects are required by law to return all the money to the backers, issue a public apology and close the project. under my new rules, Hern has 4 months, 27 days and about 1 hr to ship our Waldoks before he would forfeit the money... This is one of three Kickstarter campaigns that seem to have stalled, to put it politely! This one I only had $99 invested but another I gave someone $1,249 for a 3D Printer. These comment sections on KS are limited and I wanted a more organized and uncensored place to discuss things so I created <url>"briankb" via the forum and I will set it up. Thanks. 2 Years, 7 Months! I sure hope Steve Jobs, Kim Jong-Il, Whiteny Houston, Amy Winehouse, Lou Reed, Tom Clancy,Larry Hagman, James Gandolfini, Hugo Chavez (to name a few) aren't waiting on Waldoks - as they all have died since this project has been funded! odds are a few of the real 760 backs have kicked the bucket too... perhaps that's Hern's plan... to outlive us all so he never has to release waldok! grrrrrrr! No updates since early August? How hard is it to get a monthly update out there. Even if small. If you truly had mfi approval already on the original 30 pin design then it was yet another huge mistake then to not release it, ship it accompanied with a 30 pin to lightening adapter (they are cheap now) and an apology for 2.5 year delay. It's safe to say most of your 760 kind backers have at least one legacy 30 pin iPod laying around the house. Or we use the little lightening adapter. If your product was a hit than version 2.0 could be lightening and / or Bluetooth. Instead you went back to the drawing board and realistically I doubt we'll see this delivered now until late summer 2014. That 3+ years. Craziness. You need help making better business decisions. i've backed 68 projects: 21 of which never got full funding. of the remaining 47 that got funded, 4 are so long delayed, i doubt they will ever happen. This is the oldest, undelivered project of the 68 i've backed and so probably takes the cake as worst project on kickstarter. Although, Instacube is giving Hern a run for his money; maybe he can move to san fran and work for them! what a combo that would be! Ha! Great update that has been long overdue (not the info in the update, but just keeping us in the loop as backers). Glad with the changes as well. ditto Mike! Hern Commented in April: "Does anyone really think the idea of launching and profiting from a popular product to be sold in Apple and Best Buy stores around the country/internationally does not appeal to me?" It's not about you, buddy. It's about the 760 people who trusted you with their money. Money they EARN each day and are willing to invest in an idea that shows promise. We deserve at least two things in this 2+ year fiasco: 1. An update each week until the product is shipped. 2. An apology to your backers, as it is your responsibility to see this to market. Another good idea would be to remove the pre-order page (<url>"Hi Hern, You can go ahead and tell your backers this isn't going to happen and you have given up. Thanks, Joyce " I lost a good deal of respect for Hern about a year ago when his contempt for his KS Backers was clear for anyone to see. I lost another level when he changed his profile picture to one that shows him with a sh!t eating grin. I can only imagine if I met him in person I'm sure whatever is left would quickly evaporate. If you're looking to give Hern even more money, here's the link: <url>"Thanks for writing in and bringing this to our attention. We’re sorry to hear that this has been a frustrating experience, but unfortunately there’s not much I can do. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ (<url>#Acco)." I've relied to this, and waiting for another response. On Kickstarter's FAQ page: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Hern, will you respond to your backers? We would like to know what is happening. You are legally obligated to fulfill all rewards of this project. Should be ashamed... We should all get this with the new dock connector at no additional cost. Bad for kickstarter... If refunds on this get going- I can be pay-paled at <email> More power in everyone pursuing compensation on this project. I agree with Brendan, i don't think hern stole our money. I think he just clearly is in way over his head. Combine that with him being a fairly bad communicator and here we are...The shame is even if he had failed to produce the waldok, if he had shared his process more and been less defensive, I think it would have gone a long way. I don't expect a refund, but i am disappointed in this project and am not expecting a WALdok to ever be made I know we have been waiting a while and I have been just as patient as the next person, but 2 years with no end in sight seems to be a little ridiculous in my opinion. This was the first project I ever funded on Kickstarter and I was excited about this product but that excitement has soured. I really truly believe that Hern got in over his head and didn't realize the implications when it came to foreign manufacturers and dealing with Apples strict product adherence board. I think Hern should cut his losses and refund our money. That being said, releasing something with the old connector is gonna be pretty pointless from a sales perspective in a few months. Almost all products will be lightning by then. These were gonna make awesome gifts, but now almost everyone I know is on a 5 or upgrading to a 6 this fall. I'm cool waiting. I would have liked it in 2011, but at this point I might as well ride it out. Let's face it, he took the money and used it for bills or blew it in Vegas. It's a shame that KickStarter isn't more involved in handling the money after the fundraising stage which they should be more involved with and they should be held accountable for not this asshat dimwit Hern. I suggest that everyone stop putting your money behind kickstarter projects and write them a note expressing your frustration that they just don't ensure or track where the money is spent. If all 760 backers wrote a letter to the IRS about Mr. Hern's windfall profit that may just be justice enough. @Gary - that's a great idea! so basically he collected $77,000 of ordinary income from everyone and has not delivered product? I wonder if he declared the $77,000 as ordinary income and paid the taxes on it? Do you think the IRS would be interested? oo yea refund me to paypal <email> $59.99. Refund me HERN now I too would like to request a refund from this dead project. thanks for finding that little snippet Nick! :-) I may not agree with all the complaints, but this comment was funny right here: "By the time Mr. Kim finally fulfills our rewards, we may all have a cochlear implant and contacts powered by google!" The people I purchased this product for all have "lightning connectors" now, so I feel your pain. I did the "Report this project to Kickstarter" on the main page as suggested below. I would urge all to do the same. Sad we have to try to do this since all we hear are the crickets instead of updates. This project introduced me to Kickstarter. I am glad I have had more postitve backings that this one didn't sour me on. My Apologies..that should have been Mathew A Lavery, but thanks to you both. briankb. Thanks for your efforts. I copied your text and reported it to Kickstarter also Earlier today, just after my last comment, I filed a complaint via <url>"mini-update", but that is just to avoid posting a real update, in the UPDATES section which would fire off an email. An email that would go out to the 790 backers of this project. And I suspect it's something Mr. Kim is desperate to avoid. I wish I could say I am getting something out of filing the complaint or even posting this comment. But I would much rather have my two WALdok's! When I became a backer in September 2011, I had an iPhone 3Gs, which I've since upgraded to a 4s. And soon I'm about to upgrade again to a 5s/6 or possibly move to a Android phone like the S4. By the time Mr. Kim finally fulfills our rewards, we may all have a cochlear implant and contacts powered by google! To all concerned: Kickstarter has advised me that the only means of escalation we have since Hern is not responding it to click the "Report this project to Kickstarter" button at the bottom of the main WALdok page (<url>"this is not a project" reason for my report and have pasted the text of my report below. "This projects goal has not been completed in over 2 years and the last update from the project creator was 5 months ago. The project creator has not returned any requests for update and appears to have quit the project and left with the funds. As per kickstarter's terms and conditions and recommendation from kickstarted support many backers have requested a refund and again heard nothing from the project creator." I'm curious if what he is doing is criminal. Are there any backers who are in the legal profession who can help us take this to the next level? Refund please to <email> US$59 Thanks He addressed people asking for refunds awhile back. Go through the comments below. In short: ain't gonna happen. Mr Kim. Refund me as well. <email>. Paypal please $109 Please refund my pledge of $59.00. My email is <email> Thank you Mr Kim. I would like to request a refund also. <email> my backing tier was $69.00. Thanks I would also like to request a refund of $59.00. The email address associated with my account is <email>. Thank you. Hern, I would also like my refund of 59.00 <email> is my paypal account that i expect the money to be sent to thank you. Mr Kim. Can you please refund me as well. Two years is way to long to wait. <email> Paypal please $59.00 Mr. Kim. Can you also please confirm that your current business address is still at 88 Gerrish Avenue #307 in Chelsea, Massachusetts, 02150? Dear Mr. Kim. I have still not yet received my requested refund. Please respond. I'm also here asking for my $349 refund since at <email> via PayPal! Thanks I asked Kickstarter and they said in order to request a refund I needed to ask the project creator... so I'm officially asking for a refund of my $59. You can send it via Paypal to <email> - Thanks so much! At this point, we'll get this when apple changes their port to the standard Micro USB. So, how do I unback this, clearly its against Kickstarters TOS and we should be covered? My wife and I are still very excited for this product Hern. Praying the tide turns with the Apple MFi thing soon. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. It would be nice to have a full, real update now that we are past the two year mark on this. I would like to see any new info actually be listed under the updates so that I get an e-mail when this is done so I can check to see what is going on. Also, can we get some idea of what the product will be like if it gets completed? It would be informative to hear about the colors, options, and what has changed and been altered in the past two years of work on this. Thanks. His (admittedly slow) updates show that he is working on this. It's been two years since I backed this project. Wasn't I supposed to have my WALdok a while ago? Haven't checked this site in a while. Please advise as I no longer have an iPhone/iPod that will fit a 30-pin connector. Happy 2nd anniversary everyone! here's to not making it to the 3rd.... Well Nick Rooney and Zachary the Tuba player still believe this joke, so .... Sadly, tomorrow marks the 2 year anniversary since this was successfully funded. Update?? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Just as an FYI, I've got zero interest in receiving my waldock as I don't own any iPhones with the required connector anymore. I'll take this as a lesson to make sure to check up on the capabilities of the people starting KS projects before backing. This entire process has been a total gongshow, from start to the, eventual, finish. There are 760 people waiting. This is by far the worst kickstarter project ever. With 8days to go this is a two years project with no ending. Hern Kim you be a shame for kickstarter projects. So I hope the walldock wil be send before a new iphone sees the light but I have my doubts. Gr Marc randy, monkey oh doesn't have a speaker which is the main feature promised of waldok... so no, monkey oh is not a substitute. hern, stop jerking around with mini update and put up a proper update; throw us a bone, some pics, some copies of your email with related parties, something please. Will this product ever see the consumer market? It's been almost 2/3? years since it's been funded and yet there seems to be no end. Hern what is going on? Sorry for the three messages in a row, but since my mind was on WALdok and wondering if we would ever see this project realized, and in what form (old 30-pin versus new Lightning connector, etc.), I came across a brand new Kickstarter project called "MonkeyOh" that basically achieves the same thing but with far less fuss and muss. Here's that Kickstarter link: <url>"Ouch", said all concerned. He does mini-updates in the comments of the last major update. He doesn't post a major update when the update is essentially "communication related". A lot of people have asked for posting the mini-updates as if they were major updates just so they don't have to check this page all the time. But if you look at the number of buyers (760) and the number of vocal people here, the majority of people don't care, forgot about this, or would rather not get emails about "My supplier said they needed to test a thing-a-ma-jig" every few weeks. At least that's what it seems like. Hern says 7days ago, "just posted an update", and yet the most recent updated is dated Dec 12, 2012. When is this "project" going to complete? Two years now?! Really?! Hern, you should be ashamed and embarrassed!!! Wow, coming up on 2 years and nothing to show for. You bit off way more than you can chew on this one dude. Stick to your day job. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. why is he not just making a real update so it will go to my email instead i have to keep checking the comments section for something? might as well just make it bluetooth and be done with it. It's pretty cleat that this thing isn't going to happen. At least, not for any current phone. As an industrial designer, I realize that sometimes shit goes wrong. Period. I'm sure these guys feel just as embarrassed as we are disappointed. So.... Keep my money. Learn from your mistakes. Regroup. Redesign. Come back hard. Give me a discount. Can we please get a monthly update Hern? (last mini update Feb 12) Full update would be nice TWO YEARS. :-) Well, I'll remain hopeful. These need a lightning connector (or at least an adapter) by now. Still waiting!!! Is this going to at least use Lightning connector, seeing that is what all Apple devices are made with now? Still WAITING! There's another "Mini-Update" from Hern in the comments section of Update #28..... Its nearly 2 years since funding was raised for this project. I'd like to think we will actually receive our WALdok in the next couple months but that is looking increasing unlikely. In fact, I can't see us ever receiving the WALdok. I like to give the creators benefit of the doubt as I realize this isn't easy, however, infrequent updates and the amount of time its taken and we are still no closer to receive the product makes me think it just won't happen. Small and frequent updates would really help in keeping backers on your side Hern. I still think this is a great product and I really hope I eventually will receive one. Well? Anything new? Funded! This project successfully raised its funding goal on April 9, 2011. <-- The Koolaid has gone sour... :( Any update is better than no update. Keep fighting the good fight Hern. Can't wait to plug this bad boy in. @Brian I saw that Bluetooth adapter on thinkgeek. Awesome idea for people who have those docks already. The reason I was excited for the WALdok was the first half, WAL (wall?). I live in an apartment and there is little to NO counter space in the kitchen and bathroom :( This makes placing a dock speaker physically impossible (not to mention the threat of kitchen/bathroom dangers with my iPhone laying on top of something and easily sliding off to its demise. I liked that the WALdok would give me a speaker (and charge) anywhere I had an outlet with no counter/shelf/table space required. Hope the testing goes well. Bummed about no longer owning a device that can plug into my dock, but it'll still make for a cool Bluetooth speaker: <url>"mini updates". YOU have a dedicated system for providing ALL of your backers new information and it even has its own tab... God forbid I would come to Mr. Kim's defense, but the iEgg is nothing more than a sound chamber that amplifies the existing iPhone/iPod speakers. The WALdok is a charging station and actually has a speaker. I have, by now, pretty upgraded everything to the new 9 pin connector devices so a 30 pin is somewhat irrelevant at this point in time, although I did purchase a 30 pin to 9 pin adapter which should work on the elusive WALdok should it ever materialize. We could have gotten the same thing with a $17 iEgg. We got played. THANKS HERN! <url>"biz" to counter some of his specific claims and putting the blame for the delays elsewhere. I live in Boston, and I work in technology and product design. I''ll be putting the word out about this guy - and send anyone who might hire him here to see this nonsense, and elsewhere with their money. @briankb I think April 9th 2013 is a good "hard" deadline in the sense that more than 2 years from the project funding is a real stretch. Of course we can't give Hern a deadline since it's his project, but if it weren't shipped by then you'd have my blessings to complain. I've never subscribed to the theory that Hern is off on a private island doing doughnuts in his Ferrari. I firmly believe he has been diligently working on this project the entire time. Although I do think we should have much more frequent updates, it appears there is progress being made. @Noah Kickstarter has never refunded backers of any project, and they never will. It's a legal loophole. Kickstarter states that project creators must fulfill their rewards promised or issue refunds themselves to all backers, however kickstarter never specifies anywhere in their ToS/ToU how long a project creator has to fulfill the promised rewards, it doesn't even have a "2 years from funding" deadline. I upgraded to the iPhone5 and although the WALdok will work if you use the lightning adaptor from Apple, it looks like it might be less stable (physically, in terms of balance). <url>“just a speaker", its 760 human beings who believed in this product and with good faith provided Hern Kim $68,841.90 (total pledge - 5% KS fee & 5% Amazon fee) to get it done. There are a few of you that have considerably more faith in this project now than I do. If anyone is interested, I would be happy to ship one or both of my WALdoks whenever they arrive, simply PayPal me $59 or $99 now. And you know I'm good for it because I've backed 5 more projects than Hern, 14 more than Shon, and 12 more than Erik. Thanks for the update, but please keep in touch more frequently even if there is no new news. I am eager to use my WalDok with my old iPhone 4 and iPod nano. Sorry for the angry backers; some folks need to rachet back the rhetoric and just wait to judge the product when it arrives. Keep plugging away and update us again next week. Thanks for the update Hern. Truthfully, I've got nothing but respect for a one man show taking on this project. Waiting is hard, but I understand the process. Thanks for being transparent and don't let the trolls here get to you. Hern's right-- it's a speaker folks. Last update was in March!!! Apple has now retired to 30 pin connector for Lighting. What are plans regarding this? Looks like I wasted my money on this Kickstarter! Disappointed! yes. I backed it at $99 level and live in Lake City, Florida (North Central Florida). I don't think it's scrapped because of that connector. And even if that's the latest excuse. I still have a 4s and will be keeping it another year or two. So my two WALdok's would still work. The only logical conclusion to reach now is that Hern Kim has absolutely not intent to deliver on the rewards as per TOS. But thanks to Kickstarter legal loophole they will never get involved. Anyone back this project and is from Florida? I wonder if the whole thing is scrapped now that iPhones and iPods have a new 9 pin connector...? linked directly from WALdok.com website is <url>#307 Chelsea, Massachusetts 02150 Tel: 617 466 2130 Fax: 617 466 2138 Direct: 781 350 8090 Email: <email> Hern you should have sold the design rights to an established apple/speaker accessory maker 6 months ago who could have salvaged this project and your reputation... I was right and you sir, are wrong and stubborn. This dude stole our money. I want my 99 bucks back to pay for my hidden radio i should be getting only 9 months after their promise It's almost 2013... :-/ I just sent Mr. Kim another private message via the "Contact Me" link under his profile picture to the right. I doubt he will respond but I'm trying to give him one last chance to be a responsible man. Please just be more transparent, Hern. We deserve to hear from you immediately. the spin is in from KickStarter HQ: KS Support - "Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." KS Support Cont. - "Kickstarter’s Terms of Use do require creators to follow through on their projects, so there can be consequences if the creator continues to behave this way. Our FAQ has more on accountability here: <url>#Acco" I followed up with "How long does a project creator have to deliver the rewards to backers once the project has been successfully funded?" KS Support (5 days later) - "Since every project is going to take a variable amount of time to complete (and delays are often unforeseen), there is no clear-cut answer to how long a project creator has to deliver rewards." So KS likes to claim that backers are protected via their TOS that "require" a creator to fulfill the rewards. But then they will not specify a time limit on when a project is considered a failure. I did get some satisfaction with the thought that a lawyer probably had to be consulted to answer my last question and it took a good 5 days to come up with that bit of BS. I like the spirit of Kickstarter and I like 15 of the 16 projects I have personally backed. However I have zero respect or appreciation for their management or staff. Okay, so where's our stuff? Or our refund? I've emailed Hern via Kickstarter "Contact Me" form and to his actual email where he works, or claims to work according to the waldok.com website. I have NO plans to let Hern just skip out with $76k, even if my own loss is only $99. Mr. Hern if you are reading these comments I urge you to post something or reply in comments, and to do it immediately. Hern, time for a real update. One theory is you don't update officially because some backers have totally forgotten about this project and if or when you offer a refund you'll only announce it via a "mini update" so you don't have to refund ALL backers. Clever. Discuss and Up Vote this project on Hacker News <url>"Report this Project" link at the bottom of the Home page for the project. But of course NONE of the options seem appropriate for the problem with this project. One thing I just asked her was: "How long does a project creator have to deliver the rewards to backers once the project has been successfully funded?". I await an answer but I suspect it will be another blow off by Kickstarter who enjoys taking the fees but not helping backers when a problem arises. 15 months after funding... can I get a refund? Should be interesting what happens here with the new dock connector. Update? @Hern Kim - PLEASE POST AN OFFICIAL UPDATE Kickstarter should force project creators to post an update via the Updates tab (not a comment) every month. They should also keep 50% of the money or more until the products are shipped. This is ridiculous. Read the Kickstarter Blog article "Accountability on Kickstarter", Sept 4, 2012, for pertinent & timely information as it pertains to the situation this project presents to all of us. Options & responsibilities for backers & creators are explained & discussed. Things will be looking good when I get my waldok and missed two summers of pool fun and this project i hoped to use. By the time i get this it will be on Ebay the next day and i will be using the Hidden Radio I backed! … lol Jon, same here! In time for this Christmas would be an awesome surprise though. Anything at all? A year and a half, and counting, is ridiculous. I'm rooting to have this before we hit the two year anniversary mark. You can do it! First comment from this backer: Please finish this soon. Good luck and godspeed. Hern - do you plan on releasing a version with the new dock connector (if that happens) after WALdok 1.0 is completed? Not sure if I'll get the 5 (6?) or not, but if I do I'd like the option. Yeahh... See Robert we have this thing now called "E-mail" or "electronic mail" that lets people communicate rather quickly rather than having to fly to another country in person every time they need to explain something. I'm aware Mr. Kim met with some folks there but he hasn't been flying back and forth to China for the past year lol. He's waiting on testing, changes, more testing, more changes, more testing... hes not there in person burning money indefinitely at $140/night. They're communicating via email (which you'd know if you read his mini update). It's too bad you honestly believe that someone who donated $10 has just as much at stake in this as someone who donated $1000, that's just sad. Not sure why you're so distraught over this. You clearly don't use kickstarter seeing as this is the one and only project you've ever backed, so there's really no reason to return to the site. Your disparaging comments towards Mr. Kim and the project as a whole provide no benefit to anyone. I'm going to be upgrading to the new iPhone this September which is 100% confirmed (by Apple) to have a completely different dock connector. You don't think I'm upset at how long the project has taken? I won't even be able to use it by the time I receive it. But there's no advantage to coming on here and complaining about it. It's not going to help the other people who will still be able to use it. Also, thank you for pointing out my kickstarter experience, but it's very easy for us experienced kickstarters to identify those who aren't. They typically are ancient and have trouble using the internet since it wasn't around for most of their life, donate as little money as possible, complain far more than everyone else, and pretend they know everything about engineering and manufacturing (while really knowing nothing) and claim "I could have done this project better myself months ago!" which is complete BS. It sounds like you've accepted the "loss" of your whopping $10 investment. If that's the case please move on. Well mr. touba, even if a backer only spent 10 bucks or maybe even 1000, that's besides the question. The point is that travelling to China, taking several flights international and domestic, staying at a hotel (140 US a night), driving around Shanghai, Ningbo, or whatever place, will set you back with lot of money. Then you must make a contract towards a Chinese manufacturer, this will also won't be for free, they won't make proto's for nothing. Then if everything works out with apple, you can start up production, do the follow up at the factory, arrange shipping... (+- 10000 US for a 1 TEU all included door door) Then upon arrival in the States, or Europe, products fall under the import duties regulations. Ha, do you think it can be done with 76 k? Like mr John Fedyk's idea; you can buy my pledge and the flaming Tshirt and matching knickers for 20 bucks as you seem like a very smart man with a lot of experience. lol Go blow your positive trumpet together with mr Hern and Rooney .... Maybe we'll invest in that as well. Well mr. touba, even if a backer only spent 10 bucks or maybe even 1000, that's besides the question. The point is that travelling to China, taking several flights international and domestic, staying at a hotel (140 US a night), driving around Shanghai, Ningbo, or whatever place, will set you back with lot of money. Then you must make a contract towards a Chinese manufacturer, this will also won't be for free, they won't make proto's for nothing. Then if everything works out with apple, you can start up production, do the follow up at the factory, arrange shipping... (+- 10000 US for a 1 TEU all included door door) Then upon arrival in the States, or Europe, products fall under the import duties regulations. Ha, do you think it can be done with 76 k? Like mr John Fedyk's idea; you can buy my pledge and the flaming Tshirt and matching knickers for 20 bucks as you seem like a very smart man with a lot of experience. lol Go blow your positive trumpet together with mr Hern and Rooney .... Maybe we'll invest in that as well. I will sell my Waldok "thank you gift" to anyone interested. Please post your offer. Delivery date is unknown at this time. I feel like I will have died before I ever get this... :*-( I can definitely understand the frustrations. I have stayed away from commenting and have waited patiently. But, wow, 15 months later and nothing. Oh well. That is the risk you take in sending money to start ups. You risk losing it with the off chance that it might be a success. Keep chugging away Hern. Are you just waiting for the new iPhone? We could use an update. What's the latest? Hern - i agree about mini updates vs. updates. I appreciate that you aren't trying to flood people with too many updates, but seeing how antsy people are, I think an update vs a comment in the updates might go a long way. Still super excited to get my Waldok - good luck Bob, you're an idiot. 1) You've complained (and harassed) more than anyone else, yet; 2) You donated $10. You aren't even getting a WALdok, but you're angry that the WALdok you're not receiving is going to be late somehow? 3) In November you wrote: "Strange that you react after me filing a complaint to the US legal department, and the IRS." There's no such thing as the "US legal department" nor is there one you can write a complaint to. The consumer protection groups in the US are private companies, there is no government agency for that. The IRS handles taxes and nothing else. If people and companies pay their taxes they could care less about how they treat customers, its not their job. 4) I would be happy to donate more money to Hern if I can get a new model with the new dock connector. Once this model is complete and passes all testing how hard do you really think it will be to change nothing other than the connector at the top? Probably not that hard. Do you really think he wants to only sell a model with the old dock connector once the next iPhone comes out and miss that entire section of the market? I doubt it. If you want a POS wall speaker/charger so badly, buy a GOgroove MOVE for $30. It does everything Herns will do except its huge, clunky, takes up 4 times as much space, looks like crap, and isn't as easy to bring room to room. Yeah Hern, create a new version, we'll all be happy to wire you more funds. Hern, I agree. Just post your mini-updates as updates. At this point they are so few and far between, that it's better as a real update. Then we get notified by email that a new update has been posted. @Brett N. - yeah, the (unverified, but probably true) new dock connector is really gonna hurt for those planning on upgrading in October/November. I'm sure if this project is successful Hern will create a new version. Wouldn't have to jump through as many hoops with the next version either. Dude, I'm so confused. Why not post regular updates? Get out of the comments, so much, please. Great, looks like the new dock connector is on its way. Any final word on using this dock vs. the new? <url>"no update" which many have suggested he should do, you'd still all complain that there was no update in the "no update". The moment he gets any additional information I'm sure he will post an update. From Kickstarter - "if a creator isn't posting updates, backers should contact them, either by posting a public comment or sending a private message. In most cases, creators do respond to backers' inquiries. When we hear about a project that's stopped responding to backers well email thr creator to try and wake them up. Beyond that, it's in the backers' hands to exert collective pressure. It's a creators job to complete their project, satisfy backers, or refund backers' pledges." So.....update....or.... There's a reason why statements such as "The _____ will never see the light of day, I want a refund" usually don't work so well on kickstarter. Mainly because they make you look extremely stupid when the product does come out, which it will. I don't know if anyone here remembers the "Juicies" project. It's a project to make colored apple dock connector cables. The same basic cheap USB cables that sell millions of knockoffs from all different countries, but with color. That project was funded May 2011, and backers still haven't received their rewards. Many, I would argue the majority, of projects on kickstarter miss their estimated ship date. The projects involving manufacturing are never as simple as they seem. If it were so simple to make the device you'd make it yourself. However you can't because you're not skilled or knowledgeable enough to do it. Instead, you came here waving your money (the bare minimum for the reward you want) demanding a product that doesn't exist from a website that doesn't sell products... This isn't your project, nor is it mine. As "backers" that's all we are, financial backers. Should we be so lucky as to be asked about color or feature preferences that's great. Every time you back a kickstarter project you're taking a risk and should understand that although the chances of the object being produced are very high, the amount of time it takes can vary considerably. If you needed an iPod/iPhone speaker/charger within a certain time frame you should have purchased one from a website that sells them. It's not Hern's problem that you wanted to give it to your sister for her birthday or to your kid for christmas. I'm glad there's no required ship date for projects. Otherwise many good ideas would be made into crappy rushed products without the proper testing and certification. In fact you're lucky it's Hern's project and not mine. If it were, I think I might accidentally forget to ship rewards (which I am legally not required to give) to people who threaten to sue me. has anybody tried calling? 88 Gerrish Avenue #307 Chelsea, Massachusetts 02150 Tel 617 466 2130 Fax 617 466 2138 Direct 781 350 8090 Email <email> Update? Perhaps we should take Hern up on his combative attitude and file a class action lawsuit against Hernetics, LLC and see how deep his pockets are on that side of the fence... The WALdok site directs people to Hernetics, LLC as if the product is a part of that company. I'm going to explore this... No one likes being ripped off. The WALdok will never see the light of day... I want a full and complete refund. I'm having real doubts about Kickstarter because a lot of these projects are complete crapshoots. Great pitches made by people without the means or expertise to get their products to market... I agree with Mark. I don't think I will support any new products from Hern, if he ever does come out with any. Until I recently backed a few new projects I had actually forgotten about backing this project. It will be like an unexpected surprise if the "gift" arrives. I clearly understand the Kickstarter concept and the risk associated with the process. What Hern seems to be missing is the concept and value of goodwill in business. Reading his comments there is clearly enough frustration to go around. However, as the project owner there would seem to a fundamental responsibility to communicate periodically with his backers in a clear unemotional manner. No news doesn't necessarily mean good news in a case like this. It is not unexpected that there will be delays-the LunaTik watch project is one of the most successful Kickstarter projects in history and had its share of delays. My one suggestion to Hern is to go back and look at the professional manner in which Scott Wilson of Minimal addressed backer concerns. That's one of the reasons why he had a second successful Kickstarter project-I'm guessing with a lot of repeat backers. I'm skeptical that Hern would have a similar experience if he proposed a second project. update? @ Robert - I want this product to be a reality. I want it to be a reality last summer, but Hern never promised that. Why he doesn't get on and update more often I don't know (even if it's nothing new, every 2-3 weeks some sort of contact should be made with the backers). At this point I'm just along for the ride and look forward to the final product. My hope is that it starts to pick up the pace soon. @Aaron: Don't take it personally, it seems Hern isn't interested in our comments or suggestion as he hasn't logged in to the site in over a month....guess is very busy with all the waiting for vendors, 3rd party labs and Apple.... i thought my suggestion/comment back on march 11 was very reasonable and constructive. and 6 weeks later, the suggestion seems even wiser... license the design to a more established electronics company such as Griffen, xtrememac (imation), iHome, Gear4, Jawbone, Logitech, phillips, jbl, bang & olufson or bose! it's a great little design - even Apple could be keen... I'm pretty sure the $ 76,491 is gone and spent. I've personally searched for suppliers and production facilities in China for more complex products, followed up the production, shipped it worldwide, and yes it isn't simple undertaking which also demands a large financial investment. Secondly I know that the Chinese manufacturers want prepayment before actually starting production or even research, and further development. But after six months I had the product in the shelves. This app will not be offered, as the project is missing major involvement. The only involvement I've seen so far is the likes of mr Rooney talking positive words all the time and what I don't see is a finished product being offered for purchase regardless of the amount everyone handed over. And finally, yes we didn't buy anything, we funded a project without tangible result. Bury the anxiety. William - I understand why you're frustrated. I understand why you think some of his remarks are childish. What I don't understand is how you don't understand why it is taking so long. Go back and read his updates. He has said everything he is waiting on. I know Hern as well as most of you, but I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt. If it were my project I would be on here answering questions and posting updates about no updates, but it's not my project. That would probably help soften the anxiety of just what is going on with the Waldok. Just look at how much I comment on this and it's not my project :-) We didn't buy anything? Although it's classified as a gift for being a backer, it is a tangeable item. As complicated as this item is? This isn't bringing a Telsa roadster to market. As for complex, CloudFTP, which I backed is a far more complex product than this is and it shipped within 60 days of funding. I have backed 10 or 11 projects, all of which shipped within 60 days of funding. And he had a working prototype 16 months ago. If he can't bring such a minor product to market within 12 months of receiving funding, I doubt it ever will come to market. That money is gone along with the enthusiasm, myself and many of his backers had 16 months ago. I thought it was an excellently conceived product that had a lot of design and forethought put into it, but by some of the childish remarks Mr. Kim has given to some of his frustrated backers, I seriously doubt myself or any of Mr. Kim staunch defenders will ever see this at their front door. LOL wow! I went a full year without knowing this comments section existed... :| I've been reading the updates and commenting on them (and reading the comments) but I didn't realize this section had different comments. Great comments Nick R + Alex J, keep up the positivity I'm sure Hern needs it. Pretty sad reading all the comments from people demanding a refund. Refund for what? You didn't buy anything... you made a donation. I've backed several projects on Kickstarter and I'd say they averaged 18months before I received the product reward/gift, and they were no where near as complex as this. I was also hoping to give 2 as Christmas gifts this past year. Hopefully they're done in time for this Christmas! To Alex's point; is there anything the 760 of us can do to help? Such as email apple weekly and ask why their approval process is so ridiculous and takes 8 months, maybe try to generate a little negative press? Well said Alex. 760 people want to see this as a reality (sooner rather than later), so I hope whatever hurdles Hern has yet to jump are small. I thought I was going to give this as a Christmas gift last year. That Pebble watch looks pretty nuts. Got it on my watch list. Hern- Your tone is rather combative. I know you're frustrated. But, so are we. Please. calm voices keep everyone calm. Angry voices make everyone angry. Apple is responsive only to bad press and it's customers. (in that order.) If you're' having problems with Apple - go to the press. There's a story there. 1200 doks sold, angry people. MacNN will run that - if not Wall Street Journal. The real losers here are the people who paid $2500 for your expertise. Your design was not as far along as everyone thought (not your fault, actually. It's everyone who doesn't understand how products are developed.) Let's watch and see if the Pebble watch ships 45K units in sept ilke they are saying they will. (surely over 100k by the time they close) Hem is right. WE chose to back a product, not the person behind it. And with the recent comments I'm seeing coming from the person behind it...I'm very sorry that I did. I await the arrival of my "reward", whenever that day will come. what happens if apple does not approve them? Yes? Nick, Nick, Nick, ... He's waiting on the prototypes to comeback from Apple approval testing. Once that's done it will be on to the next steps. Hern, is there a projected delivery date for these things now?? I backed a couple projects last spring that were just recently completed and sent to me (one just this week). Both were well worth the wait, both missed their original deadlines as they waited on things that were out of their hands. Neither one of those projects had to jump through all the hoops Hern is. I don't recall him ever giving a deadline for this anyway. Hern, I can that you are in a tough position and for the time being the process is essentially out of your hands. While backing a kickstarter project is not the same as buying a product directly, ultimately you are the face of this project, and your dismissive comments and condescending attitude are completely unprofessional. "Poor Shawn... Do you want your $0.18"? I'd expect that from a child peddling broken toys on the playground. I am looking forward to the fruits of this project, but my confidence is shaken. A genuine reply from the man himself. Guess we're just along for the ride. This kickstarter has been about the worst when it comes to feedback and experience. I'll just say on here that Hern has a lot of learn about how to handle himself in these situations. The flippant response he sent to me directly is echoed in the statement below with regards to the fees and the like. Hey if there is no mechanism to support this and Hern isn't willing to stand behind his process by providing feedback to the community that is obviously displeased then that's just what we're going to have to live with. I will however say that those who are defending his attitude and engagement with the community within this project should take a look at other kickstarter projects and see what interaction and feedback is really supposed to be like. I think at this point I'll just give up on ever seeing one of these and chalk it up to a mistake on my part funding this project. I have requested a refund from Hern as well. I have no doubt he's doing something with the process but if this was a regular project "in the real world" and I was an investor I'd be pulling my backing too. I have yet to hear back from Hern but this just isn't what I signed up for. As I mentioned in my post nearly 2 months ago two critical features, for me, have been taken from the product and while that is clearly OK to many of you I just can't see this being anything that is of a lot of use to me. If this was on the shelf with the currently spec'd design I would pass on it. Also given the context of the updates and the fact that the last set sounded a lot like the ones from 6-8 months ago I have very little faith at this point that a viable product will be produced within what I think a lot of us are starting to view as a reasonable time period. We are basically 2 weeks from the anniversary of the funding date with no timeline stated or delivery time frame outlined. So fight the good fight, or whatever people are telling you to do, I hope it makes it to production but I want a refund. At this point I don't think those requesting them are out of line or asking for anything that in normal circumstances wouldn't be considered fair. @Nick- because I asked for a refund. I don't really care about the updates he's been giving anymore. I just want a refund. That's why. @Jose - why? He has been updating us through the whole process. His last update was March 1 - 20 days ago. Just 20 days. Do you think he is sitting on a beach somewhere having a drink? In his last update he said he was waiting for results from the third part labs. This is a process. I'm still waiting for a response to the email I sent you on 03/05/2012. I asked for a refund. And this is one of the reasons why. You don't respond to emails backers send you soon enough. I know you do have access to them so their is no excuse for not responding. Can't wait to hear some new news on this. Just got another one of my backed projects in after almost a year and it was WELL WORTH THE WAIT. Hoping this pans out the same. Hi Hem, just a quick note to confirm my continuing support. Keep fighting the good fight. Its amazing how some people fail to understand the process. Sometimes it goes easy and some times not. Some additional feedback: # I like the clear the best of the three and then the classic white. # Like most people, my ipods have the old docking point so if the rumour is true about the docking point changing please keep to the old. That is what we all signed up for and what we can all use. Kind regards, Will I gotta say, I think Hem was fairly clear that this would be a long process - maybe i read everything wrong, but when i backed this project i didn't expect anything quickly. Has it been a while - sure, longer then i hoped, sure. but i still am totally glad i backed this project - thanks hem Hern, At this point have you at least floated the possibility of selling the idea to larger consumer electronics company like XtremeMac, Imation, Griffin, et al..? I think you've done the hard work and as a designer you mostly want credit for designing it anyway. If you pass off final stages to a company like xtrememac, iHOme, Gear4 at least the project will hit the stores. You would still make a chunk of money and survive (reputation speaking) to product design another day. I hope the message is received in the positive spirit it's intended. The crowd is gathering with the pitchforks and I hope that a full riot can be avoided. I also sent an email to you requesting a refund and have yet to hear back, so I'm taking it public as a result. How do I get a refund and when should I expect it? I, like many others, expected this product to have shipped within a year and it is clear it will not. I sent an email to you and haven't received a reply yet. So I'll ask you here. How do I get a refund for this project? I expected the project to be done by at least late 2011. You obviously are not going to deliver anytime soon. I kindly request a refund. So, you've pre-sold 1177 docs, and raised 76,491, assuming amazon took approx 30% of the money, you ended up with about $45 to make each of these outstanding orders. If you SKIP the retail "made for ipod" approval step and just fulfill your orders with 1-off prototypes before Apple does something drastic like kill the dock connector, could you do that for less than $45? The problem is, you're a year in, spent money to fly back and forth to china a couple of times, and I'm sure you've spent the money, so you might not have enough to make each item at this point, unless you get mass production set up AND get a sales contract to make up the difference to produce (And ship!) these 1177 Doks. Two things: 1. I think this is everyone's fear. you won't be able to ship these at all, or if you do, it will be after the next iphone/ipod model ships, and this will require yet another redesign, if it's useful at all. 2. if there's anything any of us can do to help here, let us know. Anything. Want us to lobby Apple for a smoother Approval process? want us to email Shenzen to ask them to hurry up? Write a doctor's note to your employers so you can take another week off to plow through problems? We're your supporters. We want you to succeed. We like your product. most of us are still here, a year later. Let us know you're still in a position to do this, or just declare it a failure and call the thing dead. Send us all 1177 of the t-shirts, or schematics and let us PCB our own docks. Just let us know. Not quite sure what could lead to this taking a year. It's not that I want my money back, it's that I'm just worried this isn't a high enough priority for Hern. The Process blog that we all signed up for should at least be a chronicle of the successes and failures of the project - it's part of our reward for backing the project. I know if I had pledged at the $2500 level, I'd be wary of the consulting that he could do for us....unless it's THOSE projects that are delaying the project that, in theory, could pay Hern's salary for a while. I agree that this project has dragged on & on. I too have lost confidence in the developer's desire & capability to deliver the product in any timely manner. I will take a refund also. I sure hope it works with iPhone 5, because I'm gonna want my money back if I have waited over a year for something that will be obsolete when it FINALLY comes out And by lack of an outlet, I mean in the bathroom. I currently place it on the window sill and reflect the audio off the window which works. I do have to say I have only been following through the backer emails and at this point I haven't been overly impressed with my first funding of a project here on Kickstarter. I see below that there has been some updates and that is good. I will also say that the loss of battery support so it can be used without a plug was a huge feature loss for me. In fact I'd go as far to say that it basically made the product a lot less desirable for me. I will (if I ever get one) use it on the road and in hotels where there will likely be a plug but in my older house I have no outlet so the ability to use one of these on battery there, or perhaps out on the patio was part of the interest in the product. Obviously things are lost in design but at this point this thing is barely any different on the surface than a number of remote speakers out there now. I am hoping I am pleasantly surprised when I get it but given the length of time this has taken, the update infrequency and the large scale feature changes this has certainly left a sour taste in my mouth. So, when realistically are we going to get our speakers? Summer? "Yup - 7 prototypes are being made and sent to third party labs and Apple for approval." & prototypes? You had a working prototype when you started this project almost a year ago. I have backed several Kickstarter projects since backing yours and some were far more complex than what you have proposed and yet they managed to ship within 60 days of funding. I do appreciate that you are at least giving more updates than you did originally but you aren't actually saying anything other than offering more excuses about more delays. I do enjoy backing most of these projects, but with yours, I, like many of your backers, am extremely disappointed with your lack of efforts to bring this to market. He has been leaving "mini-updates" in the Updates comments. He's still trucking right along. Doing things right is gonna take some time. Uh-oh what happened to this project? It's close to a year now..I hope the speakers get shipped to backers soon..please let us know when they will be ready for shipment..If production still is gonna take some time then i'd also like to request for a refund....please. @Len - get ahold of Doc Brown's time machine and set it to April 2011. Len... don't be a meany. These things take time. Wait for a looooooooooooooooooong time .......But still get nothing !! Your development efficiency is wasting of my time and money. How I can apply for a refund? x2 what brent said :) Dear irate fellow backers, Please think about the impact of your negativity on Hern. Yeah, the updates were a bit sparse for a while - by the frequency of what I'm seeing lately, I'd say that issue is sorted. If you really think about it, the progress in just 5 months is damn impressive. I think we can also It's looking closer and closer to a solid product. Let's give this guy some love and encouragement for the last mile - even if it's the last 5 miles. He clearly wants to get this product right. I'm sure you do to. He needs to tinker not just rush it out because you're missing your damn $15, okay? Hern. I think you're doing great. Looking forward to seeing that beauty on my wall. Keep the updates rolling, it feels good seeing it shape into a great product. Hem, Thanks for today's video. I agree with the sentiments of those here hoping for non-milestone updates, esp. based no the time it has taken to get the WALdok ready to ship to us. Get it right, and keep us in the know. And thanks for putting this together. I am chomping at the bit awaiting my WALdok. Cheers! You raised your funding goal on April 9, 2011 which means you should have had the funds to go into production around May 1, 2011. By your intro video, you had a prototype before you started. So why hasn't anything been produced or shipped? 760 People believed in your idea enough to assist you into bringing this to market, and yet you have produced nothing and your updates are to the point of being irrelevant. I for one, would like a refund since you apparently lack the know how or expertise to bring this to market. Please have the courtesy to reply as to how I can apply for a refund? Hern-Take your time, get it right, but keep us informed. I became a backer of this project (aside from liking the product idea) so that my daughter could see how development projects like this work in the real world. It looks like some here need similar education. That said, perhaps you could make a point of non-milestone updates if a set number of days elapses since the last milestone. Lenius - you are a dick. Hern - thanks for the update. Any new is good news, but I completely understand only posting milestones and awesome news. If anyone needs news every hour of someone's life, they can use Facebook. I myself feel as if I can't wait for release date, but will because I must. I'm eagerly anticipating release, but am patient knowing it will get here! Thanks for your time and effort. And your own patience with rabble like us. *You're Your going crazy over $10? Seriously? Did any of his previous updates lead you to think he scammed us? You didn't even buy a WalDok. I don't get it. Strange that you react after me filing a complaint to the US legal department, and the IRS. Also I notified Kickstarter of this complaint as well, asking them for their contact information. They didn't reply as I expected, and now you post an update just after 3 hours? Keep the 10 USD and drink a pina colada on my expense. Dear mr Kim, Please refund me my 10 USD. For the rest of you, this is the official response I got from Kickstarter... make your own conclusions. Thanks for writing in. Every creator is responsible for fulfilling the promises of their project. Because projects are primarily funded by the friends, fans, and communities around its creator, there are powerful social forces that keep creators accountable. Creators are also encouraged to post regular updates about the progress of their project post-funding -- communication goes a long way. Hello, Please inform us on further progress, it has already been 3 months now since your last update. When do you expect to complete the production of the first batch? Or more simply said, ... must we regard the $ 76,491 as a loss? I find the lack of updates in this project really irritating! When funding a kickstarter project I expect to be involved in the project, at least in passive capacity and I feel this is being denied from me in this case. Personally, I think it's reasonable to expect an update every other week but I find it hard to believe Hern can't devote one hour from his time to update us on the project in over a month! I'm not disappointed from any of the design changes nor from any schedule delays but i'm awfully disappointed from the lack of transparency and information. Please update. Any progress info would be great. Update please! By all means, take your time and develop the product the product to the best of your ability, but keep us informed. Yes. Update please. Can we get an update or time table?? Trying to figure out if this is not going to ever happen and should get an airplay. Not that I'm ungrateful but over a month since last information and is concerning I think to all who backed this project back on April 9th Very bad shipping. I posted my shipping information many times never got mine and not one email! Any update?? B4 Xmas? :/ Bet your glad Apple kept the same design of the 4. Don't have to worry about testing something totally new. @William - I was originally hoping for a release prior to December, but at the reate things are moving it looks like sometime in 2012... maybe even as far as summer. The updates Hern provides does a great job of giving me a feel for what all is involved and why it takes so long - if you want it done right. waiting to see an update as well...please re-appear! also wondering about iphone 5. Looking for an update. Any news? It's been over a month since your last update. Any idea on a shipping date? 760 backers and about 5 that check on this thing. :) Hope all is going well. Any update on how things are progressing? will this work witht the iphone 5 you think? Hmmmm... still waiting Thanks for the brief update. Is there any timetable to when you anticipate production or shipping 760 people real anxious! :) Now I know why Apple doesn't announce products early. Tons of people will be asking "when???" :) seriously, still really excited for this product. Hope all is going well. It's been almost 6 weeks since the last update... a lot can happen in that amount of time. I'd love an update! Haven't seen any updates since the first week of July. Any updates would be welcomed :) Been a while since some updates! Any news when we can expect one of these great waldoks? Sorry to get on board so late but a third prong (earth) on the plug would substantially aid in stability, these devices are expensive and a drop could be serious. Hyakugei - agree for sure. I showed the Waldok to a friend a couple months ago thinking he would back, but he didn't because he specifically wanted what you mentioned. The thought of small "wire free" speakers plugged in around the house and on the patio, with the use of AirPlay does sound pretty cool. Would an iPhone be able to send more than one AirPlay signal at a time? Perhaps it would have to go to a "base" Waldok that would transmit to other Waldoks. Nick - sure, but i was thinking more for when it is plugged into the wall. Think of having a dozen of these throughout your house, able to push your tunes/streaming audio all around the house. I do agree that the cost/complexity would be impractical, but for Rev 2.0 of WALdok, it might be an interesting feature. I think adding a Wi-Fi antenna for AirPlay would really shoot the price up, not to mention work against the "charging" aspect Hern was shooting for. Streaming music over Wi-Fi is a quick way to kill the battery. I imagine that it is way too late to really suggest this, but how hard is it to get AirPlay functionality in there? How are things coming along? Any way to get my hands on one of the remaining clear walkdoks? I'm a bit confused - does the Dok have a 3.5 mm headphone plug or not? some of the renderings have that, but that would never work with the iPhone, or, really , any iPxxx device except that generation of the nano... Any news about it? thanks In the comments below Hern said most cases should work. Great looking product. Q: Will any cover or bumper have to be removed from the device for it to sit on the dock ? @Jose - It will probably take awhile. I was hoping for summer, but as the updates have come out it sounds like they have a lot of hoops to jump through to make this a reality. I think it will be well worth the wait though. How long do you think it'll be until I can get my hands on it? I cant wait. Hern, This is a great product but before i commit i wanted to know if this works on both voltages 110 and 220 V. if not are u planning to make provisions for the same in the future? I am an old guy, 63, and a tech lover since Pong wowed me. For years, I was a PC guy because my school district was too poor for Macs. I watched 18 months ago as people poopooed the iPad, especially the Apple cronies with 3000 posts a month, just a big iPhone. Now it has taken over the world. The minute I read about this, I saw a device that could do the same, fly off of shelves if you could jump thru the legal hoops and bring a great idea to fruition. I have shown the link to everyone I know. Congrats! Couldn't help myself... increased to the $149 mark. Had to get another as a gift. These things are too cool! I was searching for a Dock like this for years and am now happy to be abble to pledge on this great project. Since I am living in EU I am interesting about a comment about the international pluck option. I event think that the EU plugs will hold the Dock better in place than the US plug, but this is not my point here: You mentioned on the home page, that international plugs will be available in your store after the kick-starter project is ended. Since the WALdok cannot be used in EU without the international plug option I would like to hear your thoughts about the planned availability. Do you see the chance that the international plugs will be on the same shipping together with the WALdoks? If you need an interim accountant to help you monitor and report these costs I'm happy to volunteer my services. Kick me an email. love the concept. just wanted to know if this was just for the ipod nano right now and are you going to come out with one for the ipod classic later? congratulations Hern! I feel your project is amazing and will be very successful! Glad you hit your goal and some! i'm looking forward to the release and the continued evolution and maturity of the WALdok! Good Luck! just curious about this product's use unplugged as a desktop speaker- how exactly does it stand upright? Or does it have to be placed flat? Killer project, I'm proud to be a backer! Congratulations on your project. Keep up the great work! <url>"We understand there’s a niche user base that wants to have an exquisite concert hall quality listening session in their bathrooms…" It's funny cause it's true. Where has the website gone to? Can you mold the plastic housing from bioplastic? @Ryan O'Donnel It is compatible with horizontal wall sockets. Check out update #6. @Dave Ruckus The final product "will look much sexier" than the prototype and will either have a red or chrome color speaker. The transparent one is a limited edition prototype of 100 that will "never be sold.". To receive it, pledge at the $349 level (which includes 2 regular WALdoks and 1 black one as well as the clear one. @Anees Younis After the initial launch, you will be able to buy the piece to fit in UK wall sockets. @Bob Reck I don't see why it wouldn't accept a case on it as long as it keeps the important parts open. @mark To my knowledge, it is a one model fits all thing. The $59 is for the WALdok that is compatible with the Nano, Touch, etc. @Hern Kim Will an iPad work on this or will the weight of it knock it down? just noticed that on your 1st prototype video, you still use the stereo jack. you updated your design to use the 30pin idevice connector so now, you might need to put buttons for controlling the volume? i hope this is auto-volt. please give more details on some of the issues cited and its features. looking forward to pledge. goodluck. great idea. give color options!!! that would be great Love this idea and just backed at the $59 level. Small suggestion: give the ability to plug into sockets that are horizontal in the wall. I've had several bathrooms (including my current one) where the only socket in the room is configured as such. Hey Hern, Just backed your project. Great design and idea. I can't wait to get it. Just backed you at the $59 level. So excited to see how it turns out! Can't wait to use it every day. anyone know what color will be manufactured? white looks ok....but the smoked clear "SICK!" im in for a clear version Guys - have just pledged at the $159 level - is there any way at all to get the UK plug adapters for the Waldoks shipped at the same time as the 3 Waldoks I'm getting - rather than pay extra for shipping for the 3 adapters? Realise it might make things more difficult, but would be really handy if you could! Good work guys - they really do look excellent - and adding the battery is inspired! :) Cheers Super excited about this product! I plan on plugging my Nano into it to play music while I get ready in the morning. Best of luck with everything! Is there a UK friendly model, as we have three pronged wall sockets? I would be interested if the clear were available as a color choice, as white only works in my bathrooms and clear, lets face it, is just cooler. is there a way that the device can accommodate a 3.5mm stereo plug? I would only be interested if it was a red speaker cone. Is there a way that I could back out if it ends up being a different color. I have a question. What is the wattage on the speaker itself? It'll help me determine if this is loud enough for me to actually consider buying. The transparent model is more versatile since it will match any paint/wallpaper. Is there a reason it won't be offered? What are the chances that the WALdok will accept a device with a case on? I love the idea of the WALdok, but one thing that designers don't usually take into account is that most users of iDevices like iPhones have a case on their phone. I have been looking for a compact solution for listening to music in my bathroom and this is it. But I really don't want to have to strip my case off each time. I'm not talking about something like an Otterbox either... just a skin case like the iSkin Solo. Great design and can't wait to get one. Mark, if you start heading down that kind of technology, you look to more than double the price of the unit. Good concept though. Can't wait to get my first units in hand. Awesome, great idea - love it!!! Good luck Is it a one model fits all : ipod touch/ iphone/ ipod? or separate models for each. if I fund it, which prototype would I be getting for the $59? idea: one buys extra units and can plug them in around the house such that the model with the iphone in it can then send music wirelessly to those other units too. 2nd idea: a unit where itunes can send music to any unit plugged in around the house too. either the same as above or a different. the same would be great. please please please be a red speaker cone! love it. Double fail. Just read in the updates why the pictures were added. This will work with the iPhone 4. Good on ya mate! Failure on my part. The title of this page, and the video and other images showing an iPhone 4 in the dock, led me to believe this was for the iPhone 4 as well. Sadly, I don't own a Nano. I'll back the next project. So excited for this! Please consider iPhone 4's in cases. And if at all possible, older iPods... like the mini. Yes, I've still got that one! :) Looks great, I've backed it immediately and, bring from Australia, applaud your move to make the international adaptors part of the project. Something like this wouldn't work with a 3rd party power adaptor. +1 to Arthur's question about auto-voltage - don't forget that the world doesn't run on 110V! Good gu ga li moo ga li man. I backed this project (and YOU) earlier this morning, and its already reached its goal, AWESOME! Just goes to show what a good idea and great design can accomplish! Can't wait for mine in the mail, can't wait to see it in Apple store! Ah, I see update #6 and it looks like thinks will work for the iPod Nano. Will the horizontal configuration work with the iPhone 4 or will the weight of the phone prevent this? Looks great, what happens if my plug sockets are sideways, so rotated 90 degrees from your renderings? Will the WALdoc rotate? Congratulations! I did see it on TUAW I'm glad they reviewed It great idea can't wait to get mine in the mail Love it. In for 2. Prefer NOT a clear one. Solid white looks classier. Thanks! if you manufacture it in clear plastic as shown in the prototypes, i'm in. looks fantastic being able to see the guts of the device. Wow! Is there any way you can see to connect it to an iPad? Maybe an adapter that extends the plug interface (at additional cost)? is this auto-volt? Would love to see an iPad version & euro plug. Well, maybe in a different project. Flip plug - good idea. But I'm with Cobet... don't try to please everyone. Just handle the major apple devices, F the shuffle and skip the international. My biggest piece of advice is to stop trying to please everyone - it's impossible and will raise costs. I personally wouldn't bother trying to create an international version or one for the iPod shuffle. The flip plug is a good idea, along with iPhone support. Stick with just those. Chicago - Our outlets are horizintal (not vertical). Will the outlet swivel? any chance of adding support for an Ipod Shuffle or other products that don't use the 30 pin connector but a headphone jack instead? Will this accomodate the iPhone 4 with the apple "bumper" on it? I expect most iPhone 4's will typically be in a case of some sort and if the dock connector is to short, it won't work. Love the idea. Any chance you could make it so you don't have to lose the second wall outlet? I know part of the reason for the bottom covering the second outlet is likely for stability but perhaps there could be a recess for plugs. If people are going to be using this in bathrooms where outlets tend to be above the counter, there is a pretty good chance people will want to plug in shavers, blow dryers, electric toothbrushes etc. Also, what color will the normal product be? White? I'm kinda bummed that the clear one is so limited because it looks the best. Another potential UK backer here. I appreciate that you don't want the faff of international slide in adapters at this stage. However, will the existing design allow a slide in adapter to be purchased later and used with it added to it or would we have to wait for version2? Does this work with a 5th Gen Nano? Does the device use electricity when not playing music? I don't like vampires. Any on/off switch? Mono sound output or stereo? If I pledge $99 dollars will I be able to get a WALdock with a UK plug? Great product, but useless for me with US plug! :) Good luck Thank you for expanding your support to the iPhone 4. I have been playing music through my iPhone while it sat on the bathroom counter during showers and honestly it is hard to hear. Many kitchen and bathroom receptacles are mounted sideways. You should make your prongs rotate. Wow wow! What a tremendous addition to this product in the last day! I was going to get a nano specifically for this and still might, but I love being able to use my phone. Great stuff! I know how much work it takes. Love the idea. Could you incorporate slide in international plug adapters? It just doesn't feel right to having my iphone/ipod sitting on a waldok dangling off an international adapter 2 feet above the sink. Great idea, I would buy it if only it had a plug adaptor for using it in europe. I know I can buy one, but your idea is all about design and I wouldn't like a workaround that change completely the look and feel. In my opinion you should consider a plug adaptor optional designed by you. Would you consider adding some sort of waterproof speaker cover? My current shower speakers can get wet. This would be as a safety for the speaker and do I realize that this isn't supposed to go into the shower. I was thinking that the humidity could cause some problems down the road. Will there be an Australian model too? I'd def buy a few if that was the case... Does this work with a 5th Gen Nano? Will the iPod nano stay in the WALdok if the outlet is horizontal? I couldn't tell but is the red center a working button to play/pause? That would be a very useful feature so I'm not fumbling with the small Nano screen. Very cool idea, I really like it. I get why it isn't realistic to make it adaptable to the iPhone or iPod but I was wondering if it would be compatible with the newer iPod Shuffle since the design is so similar and the plug in is the same? hola, en españa el enchufe electrico es diferente, habria version para conector español? Hi Hern Kim, Its a very cool project, Just an advice, remember that when you are taking a shower the sound of the water its very loud, you have to put a decent speaker in there. I will become a Backer right now :D I buy into the Nano-only approach. I'd be hesitant to hang a 4g iPod classic and speaker assembly off just a wall outlet. How much weight can it really hold? Furthermore adding USB isn't as simple as it may seem. Interfacing to the 30 pin iPod connection isn't always the same as USB. You can interface to pre-amp line outs (easy to get sound out) or USB (hard to get sound out, many chips and custom firmware required). Proud to be an early backer. Good luck with the fundraising! I live in the UK and as many know, the UK uses a 3-pin plug whereas in the US you guys use the 2-pin plug. I like how you've separated and included shipping costs into the pledge and by location. However my (not really a concern) question is whether this wall speaker/charger will be available for us UK users with 3-pin plug sockets? Sorry if I've missed this somewhere. It would be nice if the electrical plug is retractable.... 1. Nice project. Whats your MSRP for final, have you got any idea yet? 2. You're targeting a very specific market. with a 4 cm speaker I imagine you're not going to get the sound quality out of this you think you might get (definitely not something someone with 159.00 music device is willing to consider Hi-Fi) 3. To adress other folks concerns, you should at least do USB (included 30 pin-usb support for other iOS devices) 4. Bulk of your costs will come from 30 pin license if you go that route. I still think you could get a 25 dollar product out of this though. Good luck. I'm watching... I agree with Joe, you're limiting yourself too much. A series of i-pod adapters can't be that difficult to produce. Needs universal dock connector support.