At DroneRafts, we have developed an accessory for the DJI Phantom 4 and Phantom 3 quadcopter. Like all-terrain suspension for your drone, WaterStrider enables perfect footage and fearless landings—anywhere. WaterStrider on Phantom 3 taking a splash in the stream. Water strider insects glide naturally over water, inspiring the function and design of the WaterStrider, our patent-pending landing gear. It is elegantly designed to maximize flight performance, landing stability, buoyancy on water, and is ruggedly engineered and tested. With the funding from this campaign, our plan is to go into full production and share this amazing product, allowing you to #DroneAnywhere. We originally envisioned an accessory which allows drones to land on water. The more we flew the prototypes, the more benefits we discovered: added stability, visibility, and undaunted landings. And we've only scratched the surface. Already we have received ideas for other innovative ways to use WaterStrider. Did you ever find the perfect spot to capture some amazing aerial footage with your drone, only to find that there is no good place to take off and land? Maybe you've tried the dangerous practice of hand-catching and hand-launching your drone, or maybe you just didn’t get the shot. Unfortunately, some of the most beautiful places to film have the worst options for takeoff and landing. With WaterStrider, landings on almost any surface are worry-free, allowing you to focus on getting the perfect shot. Don't let this happen to your drone. Use WaterStrider for fearless landings on any surface. #DroneAnywhere with confidence using WaterStrider on your Phantom 4. Featured Media Our Commitment and Guarantee We are committed to the WaterStrider as well as the experience of our customers using it. We're happy to offer the following guarantee to the backers of this campaign. Engineered Design We've considered every possible design detail we could manage. Before starting our design work, we developed a thorough product requirements document. For each requirement, we also developed a plan for testing it to be sure it would work as expected. We're proud to say that WaterStrider now meets or exceeds these requirements. Some of the best design elements that came from this process are highlighted in the animation and further discussion below. We landed on this rock field with the Phantom 4 to show how WaterStrider provides amazing stability and protection to the drone. Other landing gear extensions and gimbal guards on the market come nowhere close to this level of stability and protection. Another key design feature is the ability to get clear footage without any obstructions in the camera's Field Of View (FOV). In fact, most of the campaign video footage was filmed using two WaterStrider equipped drones. The WaterStrider is designed to be extremely durable. Of course we did some initial rapid prototyping and proof of concept work using 3D printing. However, 3D printed parts are definitely not strong enough to meet our requirements to provide long-term durability (with sun and water exposure), remain lightweight, and permit freedom to land anywhere without worry. Our parts are fully engineered from the ground up and use carbon fiber as well as injection molded and thermoformed high impact plastics. The WaterStrider is designed to protect the drone by absorbing the maximum descent velocity impact of the Phantom on any terrain, including water, with no damage. A 3D printed version of comparable weight to our final solution only survived about 33% of the requirement. The production WaterStrider meets the full 100% and more. We've tested the design to prove it. One of the common questions we receive is: How does WaterStrider affect the drone handling and performance in windy conditions. The video below shows how the WaterStrider handles very windy and gusty conditions on both the Phantom 3 and Phantom 4. Design & Development After doing some research and analysis of the rapidly expanding drone industry, we looked to users for their stories, and we heard you: "We want easier, safer landings—anywhere." So we set out to develop a solution for every possible earthly terrain. We knew we had a ton of considerations: weight, balance, buoyancy, durability, aerodynamics, hard landings, and compatibility with the camera and sensors. What materials would look good and provide the kind of features we need? How can we keep the cost low? How will the finished product connect to the drone? As soon as we had a good concept, we started prototyping in earnest. It turns out that we changed almost every design feature as a result of several rounds of testing. With each prototype, the product got better and better. Like a good songwriter or artist, we know that at some point, it's time to put the pencil down. The resulting WaterStrider is a light, lean, production-ready reality. WaterStrider on Phantom 3 ready to continue exploring. This comparison chart shows how the WaterStrider compares to other drone products with some similar characteristics. The WaterStrider combined with DJI Phantom provides great value and capability compared to the other options. Timeline Specifications Cost Breakdown The animation below shows a cost breakdown for the first year of production. Backer Rewards All of our backer rewards include access to our project updates and a big Thank You for supporting our project. Meet Our Experienced Team DroneRafts next steps... We're not planning on being a one-hit wonder. The DroneRafts team already has plans to continue to deliver solutions to the unmanned vehicle market, across various industries and applications. For this WaterStrider launch, we plan to refine our manufacturing and production methods based on the demand we see from this campaign. Join our community TODAY and have a say in our next accessory launch and our future product lines! Please note that DroneRafts LLC is not affiliated with DJI or the DJI Phantom. All company and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. Dear DroneRafts Kickstarter Backers! We are so excited to have the chance to pitch DroneRafts to a panel of celebrity judges. We need your vote to gain a Top 3 spot for that opportunity to pitch and vie for the grand prize. Please vote and share with all your friends! Click HERE to cast your vote! Scroll, Select, &amp; Vote! Takes 30 seconds We are so fortunate and grateful to our #DroneAnywhere community for all the support we've enjoyed right from the beginning with our Kickstarter campaign, to spreading the word when we started production and released new products, and for sharing your unique #DroneAnywhere Stories that help inspire the drone community with your novel and useful adventures. As ever, thanks for all you do, The Dronerafts Team . Hello our dear friends and Kickstarter backers! Isn't it exciting to be coming to the holidays once again. We have had a busy year working to grow DroneRafts. We are proud to introduce the latest all-terrain landing gear... TerraStrider Just like WaterStrider the TerraStrider enables landing anywhere (except not on water), and with a mass of just 0.14 kg it is 46% lighter than WaterStrider 2.0, and 53% lighter than WaterStrider 1.0. Click here to check out the specs and shop for your TerraStrider. Happy and safe flying, and #DroneAnywere! The DroneRafts Team Greetings to our dear Kickstarter backers! It has been an exciting year since you backed us to launch our inaugural product, the WaterStrider. We have delivered all over the world and seen so many uses we didn’t even conceive of for the WaterStrider. We also have a tremendous interaction with WaterStrider users who write in or give us a call, and as users ourselves we have been eager to put some refinements into the WaterStrider concept. So, for the past few months we’ve taken the time to do just that. Introducing WaterStrider 2.0! It is 12% lighter. It assembles in 10% of the time at less than a minute out of the box. It is outfitted with more energy absorbing materials for increased durability. Best of all, the WaterStrider 2.0 Pro version is compatible with the DJI Phantom 4 PRO &amp; ADVANCED . We have also brought back the popular high visibility front red pods with the WaterStrider 2.0 Red and WaterStrider 2.0 Pro Red versions. Come visit our updated website to see more details at www.DroneRafts.com , and please SPREAD THE WORD! Cheers! The DroneRafts Team We are quickly approaching the one-year mark since the launch of our KickStarter campaign which you all made a success and got our fledgling business of the ground. They said we were crazy for wanting to land our drones on water, rocks, grass, beach sand, snow, and slopes but you said 'Nah, that's awesome... Let's do this!' . Since then we've delivered to 45 US States and 29 countries , and we aren't stopping there. There is a growing community of WaterStrider users out there and we would like to hear from you. If you've enjoyed using your WaterStrider let the world know and post your favorite shots on Instagram with #DroneAnywhere with #Phantom3 or #Phantom4 ! Follow us Also, we think you will find our online community useful and fun. We'll be providing hints, tips and more as well as a platform to share your photos with other WaterStrider owners. Keep your eye's peeled for our frequent competitions and ' Top Tip Tuesday ' - helping you to get the most of your WaterStrider. Click here to join over 2,500 others in the Dronerafts community network. We look forward to seeing you there! The Dronerafts Team Hello again! We've got a couple items to share with our favorite backers, so let's get to it! For those of you who haven’t been following our YouTube Channel, we thought we’d share one of the latest videos that helps to establish some limits on rougher waters. It's a fun video, and we recommend watching it even if you don't think you'll land on the sea or ocean. <url>’ve got great footage that you're interested in showing off in one of our videos, please reach out to <email>! Next, we’re going to humbly request a bit of help from a few backers. We recently launched on Amazon Launchpad, and we received a pretty bad review (due to an unfortunate assembly issue). Because we can’t reach out to the customer directly, we have no way of making the situation right. So we’re stuck with a 1-star review, which will kill sales going into the holiday season. We think we have lots of very happy Kickstarter backers, and we would really appreciate it if a few of you would share a review here . (Of course, if you’re not happy, please reach out to us directly so we can resolve your issue!) Finally, we'd encourage you to visit our website , complete with an online store. We're constantly updating it, and it is basically a new website compared to when we were running our campaign! PS - Fun fact: WaterStrider is now in at least 23 different countries :-) Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Today we are happy to announce success! We have now shipped every WaterStrider due as part of our Kickstarter campaign (provided we've received an address). Thank you to our backers, our friends and family, and everyone who has helped make WaterStrider a reality! Going forward, we are actively working on setting up an online store at www.dronerafts.com . If your friends are interested in a WaterStrider, have them sign up for our pre-order list at www.dronerafts.com/buy to be notified when the store is online! For our international backers, it's probably noteworthy that a few of the shipments appear to be sitting in Customs. Unfortunately the amount of time it takes to make it through Customs is dependent upon the specific country and outside of our control. Thank you for your patience! We'd also like to take the time to tell our backers about a drone related organization, Air Bears . They are creating a global organization of volunteer drone pilots dedicated to aiding local authorities in things like search and rescue. We think several of our backers might have a lot of fun with this organization, all while making a difference. Check them out! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are excited to announce that almost all of the KickStarter rewards have shipped! As long as you've answered your survey and didn't have a special request, then you should have your WaterStrider soon! As a gentle reminder, please visit dronerafts.com/tutorials for help with assembly, installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. If you still have questions after that, feel free to contact us by email at <email>. While our Kickstarter campaign will soon be coming to a close, we think it's important to remind people that the fun is just beginning! Our goal is to build a sustainable company, not just deliver on a project. So we are REALLY interested in your overall experience with WaterStrider. We want to know what you love and/or hate about our product. Nothing is off limits, and understanding the true perceptions will only help us going forward. Feel free to send us feedback via Kickstarter messages, or by sending an email to <email>. We'll have a few more updates in the future, but we wanted to also take the opportunity to say thank you to all of our backers. We appreciate your patience, your feedback, and your support! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team The pace of rewards fulfillment to our generous backers steadily rises and we now have completed all T-Shirt rewards. We have shipped ¼ of the WaterStriders to date and should be through ¾ by the end of the week. Quantities increase each week as we ramp up. We have begun receiving valuable feedback from some backers already flying. Thank you for that and please keep it coming. You are helping to make WaterStrider a success. In our last update we gave some recommendations on flying your drone safely. We’ve been asked for more clarification on the guidelines for landing. While we’ve tested landing on water and ground with the WaterStrider with various speeds of forward motion and established safe limits with the objective of insuring a robust product (which you can see in our Youtube episode “Drone Water &amp; Difficult Terrain Takeoffs &amp; Landings with WaterStrider”); the preferred method of landing is to make contact with zero forward motion. While traversing during descent will help prevent the “wobble of death” suffered by drones, the traversing should end before making contact to minimize any chance of an unstable landing. Also, remember to descend at a safe controlled speed. Finally, we received many inquiries from backers, AUVSI attendees in New Orleans, social media and forums about the performance of WaterStrider on the ocean. We are excited to announce sea trials have begun! And results are looking very good. Harbor and bay water trials have been completed with excellent results on performance and no water on the camera. Next we will venture into open ocean. Here is a photo from the testing for a sneak peak. A full Youtube episode will be forthcoming once testing is complete. Until next time! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team If this is the only update you ever read, please read this one. Twice. And more carefully the second time! As WaterStriders are shipping out, we want to reiterate some very important details to help you keep from crashing your drone: It is absolutely imperative that assembly be done correctly. If assembled incorrectly, your drone may exhibit erratic behavior. Installing your WaterStrider is easy, but it requires a snug fit. Failure to do so will shift the mass of the WaterStrider relative to the drone and confuse the drone's control system. We put together a 90 second video to help. Watch it! <url>"wobble of death") causing stability issues. This condition is present in virtually all drones, even without WaterStrider attached. The solution is to either descend slowly or to apply some lateral movement (i.e. go down on a diagonal path). Remember, the Pilot in Command (PIC) is always responsible for the safe operation of the drone / aircraft. If your system isn't responding like what is shown in our videos, something is wrong. But don't sweat, because we're here to help! Please review DroneRafts.com/Tutorials and the assembly instructions. If that doesn't help, please contact <email> directly for troubleshooting or just general questions. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are excited to announce that the first WaterStriders were shipped today! It is our hope that the majority of remaining rewards will be shipped out by this time next week. We also thought you might enjoy seeing a behind the scenes activity. Testing and inspections of incoming parts are just a few of the things keeping us busy! Cheers! The DroneRafts Team Greetings! One thing that we’ve learned about starting a new company is that surprises and challenges are everywhere. Generally we just deal with them and move on. Unfortunately, we recently ran into an issue that is going to impact our backers. When we originally offered the red bottom front floats, we were envisioning that the red floats would be created by paint. The beauty of paint is that it sticks really well to the particular plastic we are using, weighs almost nothing, and looks fantastic (as you saw in update #8). However, after extensive testing, we decided we weren’t happy with that approach because of the long-term durability. The paint would be robust for most people, but if an operator lands on concrete while moving, it could scratch off the paint. So we decided to go a different route, and settled on colored plastic. That way, even if the plastic was scratched, the color wouldn’t change and your WaterStrider would continue to look great. We even expedited the shipment of the plastics at our expense to keep things on schedule. Friday afternoon we received notification from our supplier that the way the two halves are bonded together was resulting in a condition that, while fully functional, looked really bad. The solvent bond used to join the white and red flanges together was causing orange blemishes on the top white flange. We simply aren’t happy with the result, and wouldn’t expect our backers to accept it. We’ve evaluated a bunch of other options, and even tried a few out, but they weren’t intended for this kind of application and resulted in unreasonably high scrap rates. Another option we considered was feasible, but it would result in a delay measured in months, and clearly that isn’t acceptable. So, we had to make a tough decision on how to proceed. After consulting with a variety of people we’ve decided to replace the white and red pods with all red pods. We’ve already tested the bonding process, and we think they look great! Because of the way we set up production, we already had all the red bottoms, so bonding started today and they already have ⅔ of all the red pods we need completed. We think the vast majority of backers will love their all red pods, which still increases visibility and helps with orientation at a distance. As such, we plan to start shipping the red pods later this week, as soon as the all-white WaterStriders have shipped. We truly value all of our Kickstarter backers, and we listen to what each and every backer has to say. If you requested the red and white front pods in the survey, and for some reason you’re not happy with all all-red front pod solution, please speak up ASAP! While it might delay your shipment slightly, we’ll work with you individually to make sure you are happy. Thank you for your patience and understanding, The DroneRafts Team We have lots of great news to share with you, so let’s get to it! Reward fulfillment has officially begun! Tee-shirts: Most of the tee-shirts in the $25 reward level were shipped earlier today via USPS priority mail. So you should expect them within the next few days depending upon where you live. In a couple instances we are delivering the shirts by hand, but if that’s the case we’ll contact you directly. If you ordered a tee-shirt with your WaterStrider, they will ship together. Social Media Thanks: We’ve thanked all our backers on social media that provided their information in the survey. In a few instances we couldn’t tag people properly, but we’ve sent you personal messages if that’s the case. Thanks again to all our backers, and don’t forget to like us on Twitter, Facebook, and/or Instagram! Surveys: All the surveys are locked down now, meaning you can’t change your address. If you need to change it before we ship, please contact us directly. If you haven’t filled out a survey yet you can still do that, and we encourage it. Without your details, we can’t very well provide you with your reward! We're very close to shipping WaterStriders, but aren't quite there yet. But we'll share some details since you've read this far :-) Brackets: Since the last update, the injection molded brackets have arrived. We’ve counted them, inspected them, done fit trials / assembly with them, and did some more drop testing (which passed with flying colors). We couldn’t be happier! We love the looks of new injection molded design, the lighter weight, the better fastener system, and how it interfaces with both the Phantom 3 and Phantom 4. Carbon Fiber Tubes: We have all the final cut and drilled carbon fiber tubes in our possession. We’ve done lots of measurements, inspections, fit trials, and even some cleaning, and these tubes are good to go! Landing Pods: It pains us to report this, but delivery of the landing pods is several days behind our internal schedule (which are all new developments since the last update). We visited our supplier today to help them through a couple of the remaining issues, to review some pieces, and to discuss schedule. We take our commitments to our Kickstarter backers very seriously, and are doing everything in our power to make sure we ship by the end of the month. We've even spent several hundred extra dollars with 3rd parties to help save our schedule as much as possible. There is still some risk, but we're expecting to have pods in our possession by early next week. Shipping: Everything is in place to package up the WaterStrider kits as soon as the landing pods arrive. We expect to ship out all the remaining rewards within a few days of receiving the landing pods. We'll keep you posted as the details are finalized. Finally, we wanted to mention that we'll be opening up our online store soon so your jealous friends can get their own WaterStrider! We'll be sending out a separate update once it's ready to go. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Greetings! We have several positive updates this week that we think you'll love! Brackets: Good news... the injection molding tooling you helped fund is now finished! Better news... the first order of brackets has been made!!! The parts should be shipping very soon and should arrive sometime next week. Carbon Fiber Tubes: The jigs were modified to account for the variation that we mentioned in last week’s update, and we’ve evaluated some initial pieces. The parts look really great from a visual and a dimensional standpoint. Full production has commenced and should be completed ahead of our required due-date. Landing Pods: As we mentioned last week, we’re taking a different approach to tooling than our supplier would normally use. The new tooling is almost complete, and production can begin as soon as it’s finished. We’re really excited about the approach because it will result in a higher-quality product, costs roughly the same amount, and is several weeks quicker than the alternative. That means we eliminated a potential delay so that you get your WaterStriders sooner! Tee-shirts: We’ve ordered all the tee-shirts, including some extras in various sizes to cover the backers that haven’t filled out their survey yet. Miscellaneous Hardware: We now have all the necessary nuts, bolts, hook and loop straps, etc. that are needed to deliver 100% of the KickStarter WaterStriders. Shipping: In update #16 we mentioned that we received our boxes but that they had the wrong logos on them. We’ve since received the correct boxes and they look great! We’ve completed our updated shipping method trials and are much happier with the results. It’s also worth mentioning that we now have 100% of the necessary shipping supplies (baggies for nuts and bolts, exterior boxes, labels, styrofoam, cellophane wrap, packing tape, packing paper, etc.). We can’t wait to use it, because it means that WaterStrider should be reaching our customers soon! As we get closer to shipping out your rewards, we will be locking down the surveys so that you can no longer change your address. When this happens, you should receive notification from KickStarter that you have 48 hours to make any changes (for example, if you’ve moved since filling out the survey). The lockdown will occur in two phases: First we’ll lock down the $25 reward level (tee-shirts) since those will be available to be shipped out first. Then we’ll lock down the remaining reward levels that receive a physical shipment (i.e. a WaterStrider, and/or a WaterStrider + tee shirt). Finally, a few of our backers have made us aware of a postal strike that appears to be imminent in Canada. We’re looking into the situation and evaluating alternative shipping methods. We will be reaching out to our Canadian backers individually as we get closer to the ship date. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Thank you to everyone who was quick to fill out the surveys. Roughly 85% of people have responded to date. For the remaining 15%, surveys are due ASAP! We don't have much time to give without starting to impact delivery, and that isn't fair to everyone else, so please fill them out now if you haven't already. And now for the fun stuff! As we mentioned in our last update, the carbon fiber tubes were cut to length. We received the shipment of parts, performed some inspections (counted them, measured the diameter and lengths, etc.) and have hand-delivered them to the supplier who will drill the holes. Unfortunately, we're seeing some big lot-to-lot variation on the outer diameter of the carbon fiber tubes. This impacts how the machine shop is holding the tubes to drill the holes. So some minor adjustments are being made to the jig to accommodate the variation. Fortunately, we choose a good vendor with lots of in-house capability, so they can make the necessary changes and still deliver on time! Based on the surveys that we have received, there is an overwhelming (nearly unanimous) decision that people want the front floats to have red bottoms. This was a little unexpected, but no worries! We've already identified a source for the red plastic and reserved more than enough to fill all the KickStarter campaign rewards. (Sometimes finding the right kind of plastic in the right thickness, color, and surface finish can be pretty hard. Most distributors want you to buy 2,000 - 3,000 pounds and then they'll make whatever color you want.... but that much plastic would make roughly a billion WaterStriders!) The supplier making our landing pods has also run into a couple of issues. Their tooling process uses a sand casting, but it isn't intricate enough to keep some of the details that we need. They have a backup process that would work, but it takes longer and would mean they wouldn't even start producing parts until August. But fear not! We brought a couple unique engineering ideas to the table that helped dramatically from a schedule standpoint. (Sorry, we won't be sharing any of the specifics, because we want our inevitable competitors to be much slower than us!) They should start making production parts in a little over a week, at which point the order should be filled very quickly. Work continues on the tooling for the injection molded brackets. We've confirmed they are on schedule, so no additional news is good news! Besides the big stuff, we're also focusing on some of the smaller details. We bought a hot-wire cutter to make cutting foam board for packing much easier. We've ordered all the nuts, bolts, and velcro straps. We've put together assembly instructions using just pictures so they can be used worldwide. (We'll also be doing a video, but want the injection molded brackets in hand before making that video.) Similar to the last update, we think we're still on-time with deliveries (the very end of July). We want you to know that we are working very hard to deliver your WaterStrider when we promised, and that we're doing everything in our power to make that happen (including working long hours, talking with suppliers frequently, and even spending some extra money to help make things happen faster). Finally, we took an hour or two out of our day on Thursday for a quick photo-shoot. Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology (our Alma mater) is doing a story about our company in the fall edition of Echoes (the quarterly magazine for alumni). Every little bit of publicity helps! Thanks for reading, and cheers! The DroneRafts Team As of this afternoon, we have distributed surveys to all our backers (except those that selected "No Reward", but they should have received a separate message). If you haven’t seen it yet, check in your email spam or junk folder. PLEASE take the time to fill the survey out and return it ASAP as we need some info (like the number or red bottom floats, and tee shirt sizes) in order to finalize production. Don't worry, you’ll be able to change your address if you move before we ship. We’ll give you 48 hours notice before we lock things down and start shipping. On that note, production is moving forward! Just a couple of updates: All the carbon fiber tubes are cut to length and the drilling of several thousand holes will begin this coming week. The design for the injection molded bracket (including new retention features for the Phantom 4) was approved by our supplier. We've formally placed the order, paid for it, and the tooling is underway. Once the tooling is complete, it will take them minutes to make all the parts we need! (Check out the picture below.) We're done doing development work with our supplier of the landing pods. We're happy with everything we've seen, and placed the order with that supplier. We received the shipping boxes with our logo on them... and they were in the wrong spot (across some seams). The supplier apologized and is expediting the correct boxes. Because we were proactive, we still have plenty of time to receive the new boxes before we actually need them! Even with some minor design modifications, it looks like we're still on target to meet our weigh requirements in production. Our current roll-up of all the schedules shows we will be shipping on-time (July of 2016), but it's going to be close (i.e. at the very end of July). We're working super hard (and super long hours) to make sure our backers receive the units when we promised them. But even more importantly, we want to make sure we deliver a high-quality product that you'll love! Finally, we thought we'd share a couple of cool pictures. The first is of the new injection molded brackets which is a major upgrade compared to the prototype design. The new design features: An improved Phantom 3 positioning feature An all-new Phantom 4 positioning feature An improved retention features (for use with the Velcro straps) A lighter-weight design that is still very, very strong We'll talk more about the design and features in future updates and videos, but we thought you would be excited to see the final design! Next, we thought we'd share a picture of some static-load testing we performed. Basically we just put a varying amounts of weight on the top of the brackets and measure any deflection. This is used to verify that our finite element analysis model is accurately predicting real-world scenarios so that we can trust the results. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are happy to announce that the funds KickStarter collected were deposited into our bank account late yesterday. There were very few cancelled pledges, so a special thanks to everyone! We've spent the last couple weeks in discussions with our suppliers to make sure everything is lined up and ready to go. Now that we have the funds in hand, we're able to formally pay for the special tooling and get those suppliers working! We're also happy to report that we are still on track to meet our original delivery timeline. As soon as we've launched all of our suppliers, we'll be sending out surveys in order to collect things like shipping addresses, T-shirt sizes, and whether you'd like the front bottom pods to be red or white. You should expect to see the surveys in your email next week, so keep an eye out! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Somewhat ironically, we are updating you via the internet to tell you that we're on the internet! In all seriousness, if you'd like to see the video of our interview on Inside Indiana Business with Gerry Dick (which we referenced in our last update), just check out the link below! <url>#8). The exact timing on those is TBD, so stay tuned! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Time is running out! Make sure your friends and family all know about WaterStrider because our campaign is closing in just 12 short hours! We're still racing to the finish line and beyond to make sure we deliver our backers a great experience. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We just want to say Thank You for your support in making WaterStrider a reality, as we are now fully funded!!! We sincerely appreciate your vote of confidence in our team and our product! Cheers, The DroneRafts Tram Sometimes we get so excited about the transformative nature of WaterStrider that we forget to highlight the less glamorous (but still important) features. For example, did you know that the carbon fiber cross-bar provides extra protection for the camera? The ½ inch carbon fiber tube is located directly under the camera / gimbal, and is crazy strong! It will take a beating like a champ, and then rest quietly knowing it helped to protect your expensive drone! We also wanted to highlight our guarantee again for those that might have missed it. We’re so confident in both our team (which is really experienced in product development and production), and our product (which included ~50 design iterations and LOTS of testing), that we're offering a money back guarantee. Our backers can return our product within 30 days of receiving it, for any reason, and we'll provide them with a full refund! We also added a new comparison chart on the main campaign page. We think this really highlights the value that we bring! We also wanted to give you a glimpse at some packaging setups that we're testing (shipping cross-country and back to make sure there is no damage). It represents just one of the many details we're sweating to make sure our backers are happy! Also, we have our first 3rd party review from SkyFire Consulting! (Note this review was 100% independent. We loaned him a unit, but they had complete editorial control. We think the little bit of shakiness at the beginning was because they didn't have the velcro straps tight enough, but we're going to do our own video to show proper installation. Another reason this was a good idea!) <url>"Kick Start" their own app development! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We just want to give a great big THANK YOU to all of our 100 backers! It's really exciting to see so many people support this project, and we want you to know that we're working hard behind the scenes to make this project come to life! We've just posted another video to the campaign page (and the DroneRafts YouTube channel) to talk about really windy conditions. We also have a few more videos in the works that we think you'll love, so check back often! <url>#1 live project in the Flight category! But the campaign isn't over yet, so please share this project with your friends, family, and fellow drone-lovers so we can all #DroneAnywhere! With kind regards, The DroneRafts team We are very, very excited to announce that we are done validating WaterStrider with the DJI Phantom 4! The Phantom 4 is an amazing machine with lots of power and technology, and it's no surprise that many of our backers and potential backers want to use these two product together! We spent a lot of time looking at all the new tech specs, interfaces, features, and design. And then we started flying it... a lot! After all, that's the fun part of our jobs :-) We purposefully put it in situations that we thought might cause issues, especially with the new forward facing sensors. Fortunately, the Phantom 4 handles WaterStrider even better than we hoped! We will be making a small change to the brackets to make it easy for WaterStrider to be positioned relative to the Phantom 4 (while still retaining the Phantom 3 feature, which has different shaped landing gear). But that's an easy change since we haven't purchased the injection molding tooling yet, and won't require any work on your part. Thank you so much for your patience. We know people are excited about the Phantom 4, and we're excited for you to get these two great products together so you can #DroneAnywhere! One of the great things about visiting AUVSI’s XPONENTIAL drone conference is that we got to meet a ton of really knowledgeable people in a very short amount of time. We talked to professional pilots, drone manufacturers, distributors, consultants, hobbyists, professors, flight instructors, and students, just to name a few. Something that really resonated with us was the diversity in exactly how people were planning on using our product. While our Kickstarter video shows some great use cases, we’re beginning to see that those are just the tip of the iceberg! In general, people were really excited about our product! Besides near-water shots and training, some other really popular ideas were for: Fire, first responders, search and rescue, and disaster response Water sampling Coastal surveying Studying fish for academic purposes (like salmon populations) Studying fish for fun (aka fishing!) Operations to and from boats and ships Emergency recovery from water (low battery and/or auto-landing when returning to home) Enhanced in-flight visibility to maintain visual line of sight further away But really the only question that is important, is how will YOU use WaterStrider?!? Please share your thoughts in the comments section! Greetings! It has been a great week at the AUVSI's XPONENTIAL drone conference. We had a really fun booth in the startup pavilion complete with a water table and some rough terrain. The booth and flight demonstrations drew lots of attention from consumers, professionals, and even multiple drone manufacturers! We'll be sharing some of their excitement with quotes on our campaign page soon. We also had the pleasure of meeting some of the next generation of builders, creators, and engineers when local students visited our booth. Thanks to Robonation for setting this up. And let us say, our future looks bright! Finally, we want to thank you for all the correspondence, and let you know that we're taking your feedback and suggestions very seriously. As such, we're moving the evaluation of the Phantom 4 to the top of our to-do list. We hope to have an official answer soon! Cheers, The DroneRafts team We're in New Orleans this week, excited to announce a new reward at $159 in celebration of our public debut at AUVSI's XPONENTIAL 2016. So take advantage of this great opportunity so you and your friends can #DroneAnywhere! Also, based on the response to date, we've procured some production-quality tooling for the landing pods. We think the CNC machined Aluminum produces landing pods that are gorgeous and that our backers will love! We also want to let everyone know that we've added a 30-day money back guarantee to the campaign. We're so confident that you'll love WaterStrider that if you're not 100% happy with it, you can return it within 30 days of receiving it for any reason and receive a full refund of your pledge. Finally, we are loving the global WaterStrider community that is forming. As of today, we are represented by at least 10 different countries! Cheers, The DroneRafts team We're really excited that the KS campaign is off to a strong start! We're ⅓ funded and are getting lots of excitement from our backers! There have been lots of questions about the DJI Phantom 2, so we've been working on validating that application this week. We will have an official answer soon! We also wanted to let everyone know that we'll be at AUVSI's XPONENTIAL 2016 drone conference in New Orleans this coming week, from May 2nd to May 5th. We'll have hardware on-hand at booth #1816 in the Exhibit Hall, so if anyone is interested in seeing the hardware in person we encourage you to visit! It's bound to be a great conference! Wow!!! We just want to take a quick moment and say ‘Thank You!” The first 24 hours have been a fantastic start to our campaign. We’ve raised thousands of dollars, been featured in two major media publications ( Gizmag and TrendHunter ), and have seen an amazing amount of support from friends, family, and the drone community at large. We are truly grateful for your support. Enjoy the weekend, and please consider spreading the word so that everyone can #DroneAnywhere. We’ll be posting more updates periodically! Cheers, The DroneRafts LLC team Hi Mike, What you're describing is not typical. We'll reach out via e-mail (whatever email you use when you backed the project) to help you troubleshoot the issue. And thank you for being a backer! Thanks for the kind words Brian! We hope you love yours as much as we love ours :-) No problem Jack. We'll direct message you to confirm! @Kris, the kit is fully compatible with the Phantom 4. Hey Jon, it's not a silly question! The short answer is that the carbon fiber cross-bar will NOT block the camera when it's pointed straight down, because we've set it far enough aft to stay out of the way. We think DJI got it right when they called a drone a "flying camera", and that last thing we want to do is block the field of view! If you take a look at the main campaign video starting at 2:37, there is a video shot with WaterStrider installed and the camera pointing straight down. Hope this helps! You're right in that it's been quite a trip, Stephen! But it looks like the generosity and efforts of our backers is going to make this product a reality! We're 97% funded, and we hope to make this a successful campaign ASAP! Thanks for the effort Stephen. We really appreciate it! Thanks! We've got plans A-Z all in full gear, and it looks like it's working! We're still really hopeful that this project is going to be successfully funded, but every bit counts at this point. So thanks for your, and all the other backers's help! BTW, we'd love ideas for what kind of other rewards to add! Please comment here! Great question Stephen! Kickstarter doesn't allow for multiple reward selections. So just add $25 to your existing pledge, send us a message, and we'll send you both! We encourage everyone to consider buying a tee-shirt as an add-on to help this campaign succeed! Thanks for the suggestions Stephen! Unfortunately it's against Kickstarter's rules to self-fund. Short of that, we're definitely doing everything we can think of to make this project a success! Thanks again! Thanks for all your contributions Stephen! We really appreciate it! We also agree that we need to get the word out more, so we've invested in some advertising (including some a big Phantom specific forum). We are hopeful that this will help create the attention we need and kick things into high gear! Hey Stephen! We're ~½ way through the campaign and ~½ funded, and we believe we've learned a LOT from AUVSI that we're incorporating into our page (just today we added quotes from experts, and we have other changes in the works). We're also learning how to better target potential customers with word of mouth and advertising (we're engineers, not marketers.) It's also very normal for the middle of a KS campaign to slow down just a bit compared to the beginning and end, so we're confident we can still meet the threshold! (BTW, Kickstarter forbids extending the campaign and/or changing the requested funding amount, so those aren't options. We're also limited on what else we can add in without loosing money in the process given our current costs.) As always, thanks for the comment! Hi Stephen! Thanks for the excellent suggestions. We're working very hard to get the word out in multiple ways. We've issued many dozens of press releases (each being time consuming because of unique requirements, but we're also slowly being picked up by multiple news sources), we've visited one of the biggest drone conferences in the world (where we make a lot of contacts and got great feedback), and we're dedicating lots of time and money to validating the Phantom 4 ASAP. We also agree that we've done a poor job at explaining how much technology and engineering went into this product (40-50+ design iterations)! We're engineers by trade, not sales and marketing. But we're working hard to listen to feedback, improve our message, make changes where appropriate, all while making sure we can deliver on all of our promises. We're working hard to make sure we run a successful campaign! Thanks you for your engagement, comments, and support. We really appreciate it! Hey Stephen! We're working hard on getting the word out at AUVSI, validating the Phantom 4, and updating the KS campaign page to alleviate some concerns we've heard. We'll be posting an update talking about our experiences at AUVSI soon, complete with pictures! @Brian Habegger, great questions! The weight is less than 0.3 kg. The flight time question is a little trickier because it depends upon how you use it. Check out the FAQ we just posted which gives lab-type testing results, as well as our real-world experience. Thanks for reaching out! @Kris, we don't have an answer to the question quite yet. We are actively working this question, but due to some of the new sensors on the drone there is a lot of extra validation work to be done. This validation may or may not be done by the end of the campaign, but we'll be posting updates that include this topic since many people are interested. Thanks! Hi @Rich, we've updated our FAQ's to address your question. The short answer is that yes, we would like to expand, but it has to make commercial sense. Send us a message and let us know what you'd like to see next! Finally tried it out. Was way too windy and it ended up turning my drone into a sail, flying backwards (even when my throttle was full force forward). Thankfully it was just a broken propellor blade. Going to have to wait until it's not windy to try again. I apologize for my comment about being disappointed with the performance of the Waterstrider. I have a cracked shell that causes the erratic flight when I attach the Waterstrider. GREAT product the Waterstrider. Keep up the good work. By the way thanks David Moser of Waterstrider for your email. Well , I am not impressed. My Phantom 3 advanced says that there is a obstructed motor whenever I put the Waterstrider on and flys erratically. Flys fine without the Waterstrider. WHY? Got mine today! Can't wait to try it out, as soon as it stops raining! Just got mine today and cannot wait to put it together and take it to the back yard and head for the lake! Looks well made and I have no doubt it will be! Thanks Waterstrider for one of the best run Kickstarter campaigns I have seen yet! Any chance I can change from all white pots to red and white pots from the picture in the post? Jack Hi Jon, Is the kit compatible with Phantom 4? Thanks. Probably a silly question that has already been answered before, but I must have missed it on a first pass if so: will the carbon fiber cross bar block the camera view when shooting straight down? I'm very excited about this product and looking forward to receiving mine in any case, but I hadn't noticed this potential issue with the design. I'm likely missing something. If it does obstruct the view (or if the rest of the apparatus does in a material way), could you post a few shots to give us a sense of how significant the obstruction(s) is/are? I believe the pods should stay clear of the FOV due to the angles, but not sure how the cross bar will stay clear of it. Thanks! YES!!! 100.14%!!!!!!!! This is now a reality! My credit card has just been billed for $21,123 (lol!)-- So excited for you guys! Watch-out fish in the pond! (lol-2) …and still time to hit 200%! A lot of work and more in front but I feel like I was going thru a job search and just got the call "You've got it"! Nice job WaterStrider and DroneRafts LLC TEAM!!!! This has been great and glad I can BBQ tomorrow and I don't have to check the web every 37 minutes… !!! All right -- putting on my yellow props (just dyed them) -- now that's another fun thing to do with your Phantom drone - dye the props and/or prop guards to increase visibility! And with the front red pods on the WaterStrider-- this is going to be a fun summer! CONGRATS! You made us all winners!! Saturday 28 May 2016 14:44 Planting the garden today -- wish I could attach a photo of the pond where I hope to be landing my P3S in July-August! Still not 100% - at 99.18% with 143 pledges and 57 hours to go as I write this which means one pledge for a WS with a couple T-Shirts will take this great project over the top! Seems a bunch of $5 pledges are coming-in -- but it will take 37 more of those if someone doesn't go for a WaterStrider!! My estimate for hitting 100% was 11 am Central time - missed that but hoping later this afternoon we'll see 100%+ -- Exciting times (hey I see a backer who has backed OVER 700 projects? Wow-- I find that amazing!! Way to go!!) Saturday 28 May 2016 13:09--- 98.91% -- $245 to go -- One more WaterStrider Pledge and a few T-shirts-- This just has to happen - I've already organized the BBQ at my pond for Sat 13 August (just in case there is a production delay…)--- LET'S DO IT GUYS!!! Bring your drone and WaterStrider! This should be a blast - flying my sister-in-law in from Avignon, France… This is gonna be one fine fete! Magnifique ! Superb ! Félicitations ! I'm predicting 11 am CST tomorrow for the over the hill announcement (over-the-hill?!)--- So close!! T-78 hours and counting… This is almost as much fun as flying my drones! Soon I'll be able to say "Been there, done that, got the T-shirt"! OK about 3 drones and 5 T-shirts should put this KS over the minimum! This is more nerve-wracking than owning AAPL! But both are a ride and both fun-- I am just waiting for the time I land my P3S next to a friendly goose at our pond… Looking forward to the first annual WaterStrider splashdown event!! I'll be following the next 3 days while I'm grilling… Friday 27 May 2016 16:31 (You guys will be glad to have this over just to have my comments end!!) It's gonna happen! Even if I have to purchase another 30 T's!!! T-3 days and counting! Feel like I'm back in the Gemini program… OK still $450/day to achieve or 3 pledges at $159 each for 3 days - 9 more! (seems that KS doesn't count the postage?!)-- ANYway this is very close now - and let's go for 110% or even better! Everyone watching this may wish to go in and add $25 to their pledge (get that T-Shirt!!). Let us know what we can do! Friday 27 May 2016 Backers lets get the word out more. Time is flying by and we want to be able to fly safely over water in July!!!!!! Let's get the band wagon moving and finish this WaterStrider project. Let's not let too many drones drown over The weekend holiday. Happy flying!!!!! Just got a "no" from a local potential distributor. But if the project succeeds they may contact you as a number of their customers have lost drones in the water here in northeastern Wisconsin. I'll keep pushing! WOW - great progress the past 24 hours! Still $975/day to achieve this but now that you have put plan B in to effect -- move to Plan C -- remember, this is Memorial Day Weekend and for many it starts tomorrow-- and when people are out BBQing (and flying their drones) they may not be thinking of pledging! So you need to try to get over the $22,500 in the next 24 hours if possible. And then there is PLAN-D --- have that ready too -- you are so close now-- there are KickStarters out there getting 800% over asked amount for projects that are really not 1/10th as innovative or exciting as WaterStrider! I'm encouraging neighbors to pledge!! Stay positive-- but pro-active -- you don't want to miss this being so close!! OK my friend is pledging for one WaterStrider tonight! But I have a question: How do I add a T-Shirt or other pledge to my existing one? I have gone in but nothing is clickable now. Do I have to go in and CHANGE my existing pledge? Let me know! Thanks, Steve WOW the new video is just a blast--- now I want this more than ever-- you are still $6,000 away and only 6 days-- what to do? Can you add a $50 special in addition to the free-bee? (Is that how you spell freebie?) ANYway -- 112 backers each contribute another $50 and you are very close-- there have to be some friends out there-- like 1000 people (there are 7,100,000,000 on the planet) each just did a $5.00 contribution and I'm guessing if you get that close your parents your neighbors your… will help to push you over the top!! Let me know about that $50 special! This just has to happen! What are you going to do if it doesn't happen, go to b-school or something exciting like that? lol but come on let's do it! With just over a week to go I think now you're in the stage where you really want to contact your friends and family but also maybe come out with some type of plea to existing contributors / backers for them to be able to purchase for example: One year of repair service for $50 or I don't know you've got to get innovative you've got to put on your thinking cap and brainstorm this to get over $800 of support each day for the next eight days…. Let us know what we can do here. Backers we need to get the word out to our friends fast as the time is running down. We want to fly in July with our WaterStrider!!!! Tell your friends today. Let's fly safely over and on and off water with WaterStrider!!!! Gary H. …and if Kickstarter prohibits you from directly contributing… Well I don't think there are any rules about friends contributing…!! Hey less than $8,000 to go! But that is still $660/day for 12 days-- PUSH PUSH! And since you have such a large team here -- why not consider this: When you are down to T-2 days, take the remaining amount, divide it by the number of team members and each contribute that plus $1.00 to be sure! Example: T-2 days you are still $5,000 short. You have 5 key team members - so each contributes $1,001 -- and you are on your way! This project could really take-off once it goes commercial and you have done SO MUCH WORK here-- I would think a personal investment would be more than well-rewarded! Think of it like going to an interview across the country for a job you really want. But this company doesn't reimburse travel expenses. Well most times you'd say "no thank you" - but for this project, this job-- you REALLY want it so you buy the plane ticket - take a shot at it--- and if Kickstarter prohibits you from directly contributing… Well I don't think there are any rules about friends or family contributing…!! Best of success-- I've seen el cheapo floats made from $2 styrofoam pool noodles-- but they say they are an emergency float only. Here-- you have created the amphibian Phantom -- that could even be a marketing jingle "Turn your Phantom into an Amphantom"… (Well check with DJI before doing that!!)-- BEST OF SUCCESS - I'm getting my neighbor to become a backer today!! Steve Wednesday 18 May 2016 Thanks for your reply 2 days ago -- I realize that most of these campaigns have a rush of contributors/backers in the first few days/weeks. Then it tapers-off. In the past 48 hours there has not been a single contribution to this Kickstarter. What magic is going to happen that will encourage people to jump on-board in the final days? There also has not been another comment (other than mine) in the past 2 weeks… I've posted to facebook, local drone clubs and the DJI site. Not sure what else I can do other than purchase 50 more waterstriders! (and that would not be enough!) -- OK I'm trying to be constructive here-- good luck and perhaps another update would help-- but you need to reach new people, not existing pledgers… Best of success, Steve Friday 13 May 2016 You still need $539/day for the next 19 days -- which I believe is way over the current contribution rate. Anyway that you can request a 2-week extension or something? Or add some additional rewards or a bonus or something to encourage backers here? I've posted on Pinterest but not sure I have a million followers… Maybe you could encourage things like that? Keep us updated. Thanks, Steve on Wednesday 11 May 2016 I stand corrected there have been four updates the last which was May 5. Keep pursuing but something very innovative is going to have to be done. You need to get the awareness out I don't think it's out there. A lot of comments coming in from drone forums are saying that this is just way overpriced. I don't think people realize the technology and the engineering work as well as the quality of the materials – that needs to get publicized. Steve This is getting into the difficult stage isn't it? In the last week you've raised less than $1000 and still have to acquire $10,000 more in 20 days which is $500 a day yet you've only been raising a little more than $100 a day… So something really has to be done doesn't it? Good luck there's a lot of us that would like to see this succeed! But would also like to see a little bit more communication – there has been none other than these comments. Steve on 10 May 2016. Hey would love to hear how things are going in New Orleans! With just 50% funded and only 25 days to go you will need to get more publicity out there. I have posted to the DJI Drone Web Forum - but you will need a lot more effort -- and maybe a few more lower-priced options. Sure like to see this make it! Steve on Thursday 5 May 2016 Just realized I had written "DGI" Drone, of course it is the DJI Phantom 3 Standard… Just under 4 weeks to go-- hope this makes it-- try to sign-up some supporters in New Orleans! Best of success, Steve Tuesday 3 May 2016. This is so neat because about six weeks ago I built a similar pontoon type landing gear for my Propel Altitude 2.0 (a 5 ounce drone) using 9 inch diameter balloons. It actually worked but the balloons kept breaking. Now that I have a DGI Phantom 3 Standard when I saw this I just didn't even hesitate a minute. I truly wish you a lot of success and keep us updated! We live on a pond that is almost 2 acres in size and not far from the Fox River — this would just be wonderful to have. Also should be great for landing on the snow — and we get a lot of that in Wisconsin…!! Do you have any specifications on the additional weight you're adding to the drone? That being taken into consideration… Do you have any estimated loss of flight time based on that addition of weight? @Creator, is this compatible with Phantom 4 too? The reason I back this project is because I want to use it with Phantom 4. Please kindly update. Thank you. @Creator i need this for my Inspire 1. is there any movement on a design for this Model or other Drone Models / Manufacturers ? I didn't know I wanted or needed this, but here we are. I've been terrified to fly over water, but with this, no more fear!