Thank you to Kickstarter and all of our Backers for bringing our project to life! Find us at BevRox.com Welcome to the Rox project! Rox are our testament to the distiller, winemaker, brewer, coffee roaster, and the people who take the time to appreciate the fruits of these craftsman’s labor. Whether it be Whiskey, Wine, Beer or even Coffee, Rox are the perfect way to bring your beverage to its ideal drinking temperature, and keep it there, without watering down your drink. A big thanks to everyone who has featured us! We appreciate the support! FOR WHISKEY We believe that whiskey is a drink that, much like revenge, is best served cold, but not too cold, and definitely not diluted. While all whiskey drinkers have their own preferred method of preparation and consumption, we prefer our whiskey strong and with a slight chill to it. Watery, ice-cold whiskey is difficult to enjoy, which is why we avoid using ice in our whiskey. Ice, which inevitably converts into its liquid counterpart, diminishes the fragrance and dilutes the taste of your whiskey. The extra cash spent on purchasing a quality whiskey is invested in the distillation and aging processes. These processes are what give whiskey its unique characteristics. Don't waste your money, drink your whiskey on the Rox! History of Rox chilling stones According to whiskey master Richard Paterson, the term “On The Rocks” originated in early Scotland where Scots would go to the river bed and pull out cold stones to put in their drinks. We are taking this age old concept and updating it for the 21st Century. Why Soapstone? Our Rox are made from 100% Soapstone. Soapstone is a non-porous, odorless and inert stone. It is tasteless and will not absorb odors from your freezer like ice cubes do. Soapstone has a high thermal mass, giving it the natural ability to retain its temperature for extended periods of time. For Centuries, people have been using soapstone to cook food and keep warm. Now we're using these stones to keep cool. As Bob Dylan would say, "times they are a changin". How Rox are made We start by cutting a large soapstone slab into manageable pieces which are then squared and sliced into 1” cubes. These cubes are put into a large tumbler where the sharp edges and corners are rounded off and a nice finish is achieved. This step not only improves the aesthetics but also protects your glassware from damage due to sharp edges. The finished Rox are then washed and prepared for packaging. Our Rox storage bags are natural in color and made from premium cotton. Each bag is hand stamped with one of our custom Rox logos before shipment “But I don't drink Whiskey...” No problem, we understand that whiskey is not for everyone. The good news is that there are some other equally awesome uses for Rox! FOR COFFEE Coffee is typically brewed and served at 160ºF, which is too hot to start drinking immediately. But, when you're on the go and need your caffeine fix, Rox are the perfect way to get your coffee down to the optimal drinking temperature quickly and hold it there without diluting or over-chilling your joe. Just drop a few Rox in your cup or mug and witness the laws of thermodynamics at work. Because of soapstone's unique thermal properties, the heat from the coffee is absorbed by the colder stones then is slowly released back into the liquid, keeping your drink warmer for longer. Enjoy coffee the way it's meant to be. FOR BEER Ice and beer don't play well together. Beer likes to party, Ice would rather chill out. Bad jokes aside, you don't want to dilute your beer with ice or throw it in the freezer and hope you can remember to remove it before it explodes. Rox are the perfect solution for chilling a beer that's room temperature. Just add our Rox into your glass and your pint will drop to a more ideal drinking temperature, and stay there. Enjoy a beer, on the Rox! FOR WINE The ideal drinking temperature for wine is comparable to that of Whiskey. When too cold, wine also loses its unique flavors and aroma. Rox reduce the temperature to wine's ideal drinking temp and hold it there, so you can enjoy every sip. Keep it classy. Why we need your Support! We were compelled to start the Rox project because we knew we could make a better chilling stone than what was out there. Our mission was to make a stone that chilled your drink faster, kept it there longer, and fit in your glass better. We also wanted to be able to offer our Rox at a more affordable price than the competition. Then we thought, why can't we take this same concept and apply it to the other drinks we love: Beer, Wine and Coffee? We're proud to say that Rox work fantastically for all of these beverages! We are off to a good start so far but we need Backers to help move our grassroots operation (A finger-hungry tile saw in the back yard. ...It rains a lot in western Washington.) to something more practical. We need to upgrade our saw to make it safer and more efficient, change to a drier location (indoors), and order bulk soapstone from a local supplier in order to bring Rox to the people who will love them! We have already sourced the stone and have our sights set on better cutting options. We just need your support, and in return, you'll get a piece of our hard work to remember the journey! Remember to Drink Responsibly. Sincerely, Zach Lengell . Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets For USA: Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Make sure to add $5 shipping for all orders. This Covers 5 sets MAX. Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $5 more). After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For Canada: Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Leave set to "Ship to the US." Ex. “Ship to the US. Change” <<< DON'T Click Change, Leave This Alone Make sure to add $10 shipping for single sets or $20 for Bartender Specials or Multiple Sets ($20 Covers 4 sets MAX). Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $10-20 more). Some Restriction Apply After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For International (Excluding Canada): Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Change setting to “Outside the US” Ex. “Ship to the US. Change” <<< Click Change Make sure to add $15 shipping for single sets or $25 for Bartender Specials or Multiple Sets ($25 Covers 4 sets MAX). Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $15-25 more). Some Restriction Apply After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. If you have any questions about ordering or shipping, please contact us. We will be happy to help you! . Stretch Goals! $70,000 - UNLOCKED! "Scotch" and "Bev-Rox" labels We have had quite a few requests for both of these labels, so we're going to make them both available to you! Cheers! Hi Kickstarters, We hit our 70K Stretch Goal thanks to our 2,300+ backers and have made "Bev-Rox" and "Scotch Rox" logos available! Thanks again! Enjoy. Cheers, -Zach Lengell Hi again everyone, We just shot some video of the first of our new stone saws. It's from a cell phone camera so it's quick and dirty, but it shows the saw in action. When we go into mass production, we will be cutting many Rox at one time and this type of saw provides plenty of cutting space. So far, so good! Cheers, -Zach Lengell Hi Backers! Only 9 days left! We hit a few milestones yesterday that we would like to share with all of you. 1. We reached 2000 pledges, which is incredible. Thank you to everyone who has supported our project! 2. We also received the first of our brand new stone cutting saws! - Some assembly required ;) A big thanks again to all of you backers for your support! We really appreciate it and are hard at work to bring our project to life! A side note: Unfortunately, our success has ruffled some feathers in the industry. As such, we have been getting complaints from other companies as well as slander and trolling from fake backers. It's disappointing that people can stoop this low to sabotage a new project and we apologize if you come across any of their misinformation. Rest assured, we're still on course and focused on providing all of our backers with the best product possible and the best product in the industry! Stay Classy, -Zach Lengell Stretch Goals! $70,000 - Unlock "Scotch Rox" and "Bev-Rox" labels We have had quite a few requests for both of these labels, so we're going to make them both available to you! Cheers! -Zach Lengell Dear Backers, With your incredible support we've been able to reach our goal in less than 24hrs! Because of this we can't thank you enough. We are excited about what the future holds and happy to have you along for the ride. We will keep you posted as the journey continues. Thanks again for you contributions! Cheers, -Zach Lengell This comments section is quickly turning into a bathroom wall with only one author. We apologize for the user abusing this area. As always, we are happy to help by answering any questions or concerns through the blue "Contact me" link located on the right side of this page. Hello backers, I want to fist apologize for the lack of attention given to the comment section. We have responded to each and every direct message that we have received through Kickstarter and will continue to do so to answer your questions and help in any way we can. As for our spammer - We did our best to help the guy out, but he wouldn't be helped. If anyone has a question about their pledge or rewards, please contact us via the blue "Contact me" link to your right. Cheers, Zach All complete orders have been shipped for some time now. Anyone who has not received their Rox please contact us by clicking the blue "Contact Me" link on the right side of the page. We will do our best to assist you. If you aren't sure of the best way to use your Rox or if they aren't "working" for you (or just for general questions), contact us directly and we will assist you. Cheers, BevRox.com @Nir - PM sent (again) @Frank, @Edwyn, @ Bill, @Nir - PM Sent. @Erik - Check your messages. We stumbled upon this cool writeup/uncrate by Gigazine! Lots of testing and comparison. Check it out! <url>" except for Beer. @Daniel - There should have been 8. Shoot us a message and we will get it sorted for you. @Erik - Shoot us a message and we will get it sorted for you. @Danilo - We are troubleshooting each shipment one-by-one. It's a process that we couldn't have prepared for. We do apologize for the delay and are working as fast as we can to get through all the messages we have. @Argaen - We are glad to hear you received your Rox! Sometimes the tracking info doesn't work right with international shipments... We are troubleshooting the remaining orders one at a time, in the order they were received. We will update everyone if anything changes. Cheers Something that might be of interest to people who have contacted us multiple times and have not received a response: To be fair, we reply to all of the messages in the order they are received. When a backer sends us a new message, the messaging system automatically treats the backer's messaging thread, and all their messages (old and new), as a "new message". So the whole thread is seen as new and is bumped to the "back of the line". Give us time to sort through them all and we promise we will get to you. Cheers! @Patrick - Click the "Contact Me" link under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" located on the main project page. When your message comes to us, it shows us all of your contact info, backer report, and all pledge/reward details. It makes it a lot easier (and faster) for us to help you. There are a few hundred orders that we have to troubleshoot. (also a few hundred emails.) It may take some time. Thank you for your patience. We love to hear that you all are enjoying your Rox! Thank you for the kinds words and support. It makes us feel good to know that our product is appreciated. If anyone has any questions or concerns: Click the "Contact Me" link located on the main project page, under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" and we will get back to you as soon as we can. It occurred to us that some backers might not know how to send a message through Kickstarter. Click the "Contact Me" link under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" located on the main project page. When your message comes to us, it shows us all of your contact info, backer report, and all pledge/reward details. It makes it a lot easier (and faster) for us to help you. *If you have recently received your shipping confirmation, you should receive your reward soon. We received a slab of the wrong size and had to cancel a few shipments that included BEER ROX. We now have a massive surplus and are re-sending them. Hey Backers, Over 2000 packages have been shipped and we are glad to hear that you enjoy your Rox! The remaining ones are giving us some issues (bad addresses, unpaid shipping, foreign language barriers, returned/damaged packages, etc) and we've been working through them on a case-by-case basis. If you haven't received your reward or there was a problem with the shipment, please contact us through the Kickstarter message system and will happily help you out! Using the messaging system through Kickstarter helps us keep all your information and correspondence organized so we can help more efficiently. We respond to each message in the order it was received. Thank you for your patience and we apologize for any inconvenience. Cheers, BevRox.com Hey everyone, Sorry for the confusion. We posted an update that should give you all a good idea of where we are at. Note: the shipping confirmation just means that your order was processed and a shipping label was printed, not that the order was sent out that day. It is automated and is just the way our shipment processing company is set up. It does however look like the tracking info is spot on. Glad to hear people are enjoying their Rox! We are processing and packing away to get everyone else's out asap! Cheers, Zach Everyone who has received their Rox already: Rinse first, Chill, then Enjoy! @bubba wilson - They're on the way Bubba ;) Cheers, Zach Hey Everyone! It's been almost 2 weeks since our last update and I apologize for that. Time flies when you're cutting stones! We are working on one and will post it up soon. Unfortunately, we haven't had the time to put together any video. I will post some pictures though! Our bags are in - They look great! We upgraded to a double drawstring so they are easier to open/close. Most of the Rox are finished and cleaned - We are bagging them up. We have begun shipping - The first shipments went out this morning! You will receive an email when your order ships. The final count was almost 5000 sets! Thank you for your patience. We can't wait for your feedback! Please let us know how you like them. Cheers, Zach Hi again everyone, If you are having issues completing the Backer Survey, please contact Kickstarter directly. They can assist you. From Kickstarter: "Thanks for writing in, and sorry for the inconvenience! Occasionally, backers will have problems with surveys due to browser settings, incompatibility with certain plug-ins or other issues. We'd be more than happy to look into each individual issue and help the backers if you have them write in to us directly, though!" Thanks, -Zach @Scott Webster - Amazon came through! We are planning on posting another update next week. Thanks Scott! @Christine Chang - Very busy indeed. You will specify this during the backer survey. @Topher Davila - Thanks Topher! Yes, if we had to do it again, it would have been differently. @Navid Aberg - Add stones until you get your desired effect. I would reccommend using stones fresh from the freezer for each drink. We will put together a little manual soon and post it to the website. @Ritchie Patton - The backer report function is designed and ran through Kickstarter. We will look into it. @Ben - I would reccommend two per whiskey. Eight would be too many. We will put together a little manual soon and post it to the website. @Giorgio Formica - That is a problem. We have reported the issue to Kickstarter and will keep everyone posted. @michael mendoza - This is the survey function used for countless projects. We're suprised that this is an issue. @SRuzu - Thanks for sharing your experience. It's weird that this is only happening in some cases. @Edd Legg - There is one in the updates section. The sooner, the better for survey completion. Cheers, -Zach Thanks for the support guys! New update has been posted. More to come! Hey everyone, We made it! Drinks all around!! Thanks again for all your support! We couldn't have done it without you. Don't worry about the shipping for now. We will address it in our next update, which should be in the next day or two, along with the backer surveys. If anyone has any questions, feel free to post them here or to contact me directly. Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Danilo Hashimoto - Well said Danilo! Cheers! 3 hours left!!! @SRuzu - Haha, love it! @bob gidcumb - Thanks for the support Bob! @Scott Webster - That's a good question. Soapstone is nonporous so that should not be much on an issue with Rox. @David Duncan - Thank you David! Your support is much appreciated. Cheers! @Elissa Brown - Yes, James actually put it perfectly. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me. Thanks @James M! Thank you all for the encouragement and support. It means a lot! 24 hours left! Cheers, -Zach @Scott Webster - Hi Scott, we will send out a backer survey at the end of the campaign were you can specify what sets you would like to receive. Thanks for your support and enjoy your whiskey on the Rox! @Jason Torres - Please cite your source so we can see who copied our content. @Tony Helmersen Johansen - Anytime Tony! Cheers! @Joe Williams - Thanks for the support Joe! @Jason Torres - Welcome back Jason. You, The Rox Team, as well as all of our backers know and understand that this is simply not true. Interesting that you did not cite your source. Good luck to you and all of your ventures. Cheers! @Tony Helmersen Johansen - Thanks for the support Tony! The international shipping rate is higher simply because it's more expensive to ship outside the US. (For example, to ship a 1 pound package from the US to the UK, it costs $16.75) If you have any other questions, I'm happy to help! @Scott Suemoto - No problem Scott! If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Don't forget to factor in any applicable shipping costs. For more info, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section located towards the bottom of the campaign page. After the campaign, we will send out a backer survey where you can specify what sets you would like to receive. @Pierluigi Basilico - Bev-Rox is an abbreviation of "Beverage Rox". - A generic logo to cover all others not yet defined. Cheers! @Deborah Ulrich - You may have any combination of sets you would like. The only restriction is that the package has to weigh under 4 lbs - So all 4 sets cannot be Beer Rox (for international shipments). For more info, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section located towards the bottom of the campaign page. After the campaign, we will send out a backer survey where you can specify what sets you would like to receive. @Derek Beals, @SRuzu - A nice compromise could be to have the logos printed on but in "rustic" way. This way, it is done in a professional and consistent way but also offers a more rustic feel. 62 hours to go! @Joseph De Santis - That's a neat idea! Down the road we could move on to something like that. Thanks for the suggestion! @Jonathon Forde - Thank you for the support Jonathon! We are excited as well! @Jorge Solis - One thing we are thinking about upgrading are the bags. Because of the volume of pledges we have received, we can consider printing the bag logos on instead of hand stamping them. This would cost a little more but should look a lot sharper and be more consistent bag-to-bag. @Michael Boyd - As Ruzu said, it would be easiest to change your pledge. Unless you were wanting to order multiple sets. Then, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of our campaign page. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me directly. Cheers! @SRuzu - Thank you for your support Ruzu! @Douglas - They are dishwasher safe. That might be overkill though. Rinsing with hot water should be fine. @ David Duncan - Thanks David! @ Jorge Solis - We are committed to providing our backers with the highest quality product possible and in a timely manner. We don't want to derail or sidetrack the project with other endeavors. Thank you for your support! @ Joshua Griffing - The sets of 4 and 8 Rox work out so that you have four "drinks worth" - Enough Rox to go around for 4 people at a time. (Either two 1" per glass or one 1.25" per glass.) An extra one would be the odd man out. Some companies do 9 because their stones are smaller and you need at least 3 per glass. - Which in turn, only gives you enough for 3 drinks worth. Nonetheless, we'll keep it in mind. Thanks for the suggestion! @Silver - Thanks again Silver! @Lane Sutton - Yes, Bev-Rox are for just that! Thanks for your support! @David Duncan - Apologies for getting the name wrong before. - Just noticed it! Cheers! @Henri Clinch - This is something we would like to do, but most likely not until post campaign. We want to keep it simple for now so we can get everyone their Rox in a timely fashion. Thanks for your support and suggestion! @David Clinch - No problem David. See the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of the campaign for more details on ordering multiple sets as well as shipping. @Luds - Thank you! We're gearing up so we can get Rox to our backers asap! @Douglas Cohen - I usually keep them in my freezer so they're always ready to go. I think an hour would be adequate though. @Cerity "dave pennygems bag" Silverhawk - We haven't planned on making anything bigger than 1.25 (That is the size our slabs come in) but if there is a demand for something bigger, we can definitely look into it! Thanks, -Zach Thank you once again for the support everyone! It seems the issue was sorted out here by the Kickstarter community itself! @TrentJaspar, @Kouture Crochet, @Devin Cameron, @dex7491, @Mark S, @Edd Legg, @chris horch, @Cerity "dave pennygems bag" Silverhawk, @etienne lechasseur, @Jörn Huxhorn, @Sacha Cohen, @Daniel Bosch, @Silver We shot some video of our new saw in action today. We'll get it up as soon as we can! @Steven Quinonez - One 1.25" Rox is going to cool better than one 1" Rox because of the size difference. With the 1” options, you get 8 Rox. With the 1.25, you get 4 Rox. Other than that and the bag labels, they are the same. 100% US soapstone! @chris horch - I think sometimes people try to add too much liquid with only a small stone. Rox are bigger and should offer better results. There isn't a trick to it though. Just store them in the freezer until ready to use. Cheers! @Tom Mahler, Jr. - Correct. For more info on ordering, please see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of the campaign. If you have any questions, feel free to message me! @Shawn Nixon - Thank you for the suggestion Shawn! We are considering all options. Hi Backers! Only 9 days left! We hit a few milestones yesterday that we would like to share with all of you. 1. We reached 2000 pledges, which is incredible. Thank you to everyone who has supported our project! 2. We also received the first of our brand new stone cutting saws! - Some assembly required ;) See our latest update for more info and pictures. We were going to wait until we could shoot some more video, but I thought I should post sooner for the sake of the "commenter" below. Does anyone know how to report trolling/spamming? @Hiro McNulty - Thank you for your support Hiro! There are no other major differences. There are 2 different sizes: Whiskey/Wine/Coffee are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer is 1.25" and comes in sets of 4. Each has a different logo stamped on the bag to match the preference on the individual. You can use them interchangeably -They are very versatile. All Rox we cut from the same 100% soapstone slabs here in Washington state. Cheers! @Jason Torres - Hi Jason. Thank you for your interest and concern. I think you should read the campaign and what our project is about before jumping to any conclusions. Whiskey rocks have been around forever. According to whiskey master Richard Paterson, the term “On The Rocks” originated in early Scotland where Scots would go to the river bed and pull out cold stones to put in their drinks. Our mission with Rox was to create a better product. The 7/8″ promised on some products out there is usually barely 3/4″ (or just a 2cm cut from China, like you have seen). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. We just weren’t happy with what was on the market and started a project to fix that problem. Rox have been made available cheaper and, from what we’ve seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. They’re bigger, more efficient, more affordable, and offer better craftsmanship and uniformity. That was part of our goal when we began this project. High quality to me means square stones, clean cuts, and consistency between stone size and finish. That’s just something we haven’t personally seen on the market yet and we're working hard to bring them to you. I hope you're not a sore competitor trying to cause a ruckus. If you have any other questions, I'm happy to help! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Brett DeJager - We will send out a backer survey at the end of the campaign where you can specify what set you would like to receive. Thanks for your pledge Brett! @Silver - We feel the same way! Thanks for backing us! @Steven Quinonez - What Erik said. Feel free to message me if you run into a problem. Thank you! @Erik Grunsten - Cheers Erik! @Andrew Yik - From 70 to around 50 on average. @Richard Kempter - I've been testing Rox in the microwave. No problems. @Topher Davila - Thank you for your support! Rox can be used in any beverage. Soapstone is inert, so it won't react with acids or alkalies. We should get most, if not all, orders out on time. We got restless and already ordered our saw! We will post pictures and possibly some more video when it arrives. Cheers! @Edd Legg - Thanks Edd! @hashish - Neat idea! Simple and straightforward. Thank you for the suggestion! @Christopher Meier, @Jorge Solis - Thanks for the suggestions guys! We just added our first stretch goal! @Charles Luzar - Thank you for your support and coverage Charles! Great story. @Robin Will - I appreciate the enthusiasm Robin. We're working on just that! @Judith & Aaron Altheim - Much thanks to you Judith! @Andrew Yik - Thanks for your interest Andrew. The low quality of the current market is what we're trying to improve upon. I'll try to set up a test soon so we can provide you with some numbers. Cheers! @Richard Kempter - Boiling temperatures should warm them up adequately while cooling your overall beverage down to a more suitable drinking temperature. In turn, the Rox will keep your drink warmer for longer. I'll have to do some tests and get back to you on the microwave question (I don't see it being an issue though). @Norman Scofield Leibovitz - Nope! Same size, same rox, just different packaging to match the backer's preference. Thank you! Cheers! @mike rich - I agree. Very cool idea. Fingers might get a little frosty holding it though... @Carl Men - Thanks Carl! After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. @KamiKazeRockets - Great idea! This isn't something we have planned currently but we're always open to suggestions. Cheers! @Wong Renhao - Much thanks! The restriction would potentially apply to Canadian and International shipments only. The package has to stay under 4 lbs. Because our Beer Rox are heavier than the other sets, we can't ship out a Bartender Special that consists of all Beer Rox internationally. Any other combination of sets should be ok though. Backers can feel free to message us for other ordering options. We're happy to help! @mike rich – Another vote for Scotch Rox. Thanks Mike! @Kyrie, @paridissimo - Thanks for "kickstarting" the tally guys! @David Duncan - Thanks David! We appreciate your support! @sean rosney - Thank you for your interest! We use Rox regularly and have never had this problem. It is something we considered initially though, just not something that has actually happened. I think it's because the Rox are heavier and less prone to sliding on the glass like ice is. The 1" Rox weigh around 1.6oz each. The 1.25" Rox weigh around 4oz each. @Victor Losse - After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For more info on ordering, please see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section in the body of the campaign. Thanks so much for your support! @Christopher Meier - That would be amazing if it did! Even so, we are still confident that we can have them all shipped out before the end of March. We will keep everyone updated as the process continues. @wil - Leave set to "Ship to the US". See the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section in the body of the campaign. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me directly. Thank you for your support! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Jerad Clark - Yes, we just rinse ours off before returning them to the freezer. @Steve De George JR - Thank you Steve! @hashish - We are talking about maybe introducing some new labels. We've had requests for "Scotch Rox", "Bev-Rox" (for any other beverage), and some others. We would love to hear everyone's thoughts or ideas. @Steve De George JR - Thank you for backing our project! After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For more details on ordering, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section at the bottom of the Whiskey Rox page. You can also message me directly if you have any other questions. @Kouture Crochet - My pleasure. Thanks again! @Rami Nasra - Thank you for your support! Now you'll have a few more to add to the set! @LonerVamp - Great Question. Thank you for your interest! To add to what Stacey said, Our mission with Whiskey Rox was to create a better whiskey stone. You can see examples of stones you might currently find on the market compared to Whiskey Rox in the comparison photos located in the body of our campaign. The 7/8" promised on some products is usually barely 3/4" (or just a 2cm cut from China). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. Whiskey Rox have also been made available cheaper and, from what we've seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. (Bigger, More Efficient, More affordable, Better Craftsmanship and Uniformity). That was part of our goal when we began this project. High quality, to me, means square stones, clean cuts, consistency between stone size and finish. That's just something we haven't personally seen on the market yet. We were disappointed with what was currently out there and started a project to fix that. If you have any follow up questions, feel free to message me. @Stacey Barnes - Thank you for the help. We are working hard to prevent any type of delay. We will keep everyone posted as the process continues. Also, keep your eye out for video and picture updates of our manufacturing process. We plan to document every step, from cutting slabs to bagging Rox! Again, a big Thank You to everyone who has contributed to our campaign! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Aaron Cheah - Thank you for your support Aaron! @Jason Chen - Whiskey/Wine/Coffee Rox are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer Rox are 1.25" and come in sets of 4. Each set has a different logo. For more info, see my reply @Jenn Ong below. @Kouture Crochet - We didn't foresee it getting this complicated. Looking back, we would have done it differently. Rox are made in USA and can most definitely be used to keep tea or coffee warm. *See Coffee Rox. @Stacey Barnes - We're very excited about our progress and can't wait to ship these out to all of our amazing backers! Thanks everyone, -Zach Lengell @Jan Ferme - Thank you for the pledge Jan! For 2-4 sets, international shipping is $25 (Some Restrictions Apply). Sorry for the confusion. You can always message me if you have additional questions. I'm happy to help. Thanks again! Cheers, -Zach @Jay - Yes, correct. Looking back from now, we would have done it differently. (Too late to change it now.) Thanks for backing us! @Gonzalo Aguirre Bisi - Thank you good sir! @Jeffrey Satz - Anything is possible. If we get enough of a demand for a "Scotch Rox" label, we can have one made. Another suggestion we liked was "Bev-Rox", to be used for any other beverages. We love the feedback, thanks again guys! Chok dee! -Zach Lengell @Justin Chang - Hi, Sorry for the confusion Justin. Shipping for single sets to Canada is $10. Shipping 2-4 sets to Canada can be covered with $20. Some Restrictions Apply (We have to keep the total weight on all international shipments under 4 lbs. Beer Rox are heavier per set. So most likely we cannot ship 4 sets of Beer Rox anywhere outside the US without going way over shipping costs. Combinations are ok though.) So, 14+14+20. I hope that helps. Thank you for your support! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Mark L - Thanks Mark, great tips for our Canadian backers! All backers can also refer to the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section towards the bottom of the campaign. @Jenn Ong - Great Question Jenn. Thank you for your interest! Our mission with Whiskey Rox was to create a better whiskey stone. You can see examples of stones you might currently find on the market compared to Whiskey Rox in the comparison photos located in the body of our campaign. The 7/8" promised on some products is usually barely 3/4" (or just a 2cm cut from China). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. Whiskey Rox have also been made available cheaper and, from what we've seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. That was part of our goal when we began this project (Bigger, More Efficient, More affordable, Better Craftsmanship and Uniformity). We were disappointed with what was currently out there... Thanks again! Salute! -Zach Lengell @Michael J Doyle - I added an "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section to the bottom of the campaign. I hope this helps! Hey everyone, Thank you for your support and contributions. We met and passed our goal in under 24 hours! @Kunonin - The only difference is the logo that is stamped on the bag. @Kevin Rodal, @Knight & Gunner Brewing Company, and @Paul Gabrielson - Thanks guys, we appreciate it! @Michael J Doyle - That's a good question Michael. I'll write something up for out FAQ's. Check back soon and I will has a solution for you! Prost! -Zach Lengell Thank you very much TekSpree! I appreciate your support. Cheers! Hello Y. Chung, Thank you for backing our project! You are correct. Whiskey/Wine/Coffee Rox are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer Rox are 1.25" and come in sets of 4. Each set has a different logo. These rox are absolute TRASH. Did Zach even test them out himself before making a boatload of them?? Shoot, I'm just sticking to throwing the whiskey in the freezer... I like them, got them on time and they work great. Maybe I was lucky, seeing the other founders comments. I used them a lot and I haven't had a single problem with them. @Tim & Muchael - Having them is like they never arrived. They are cubes in my freezer that can barely lower temperature 1 or 2 degrees if you put them ALL in your glass with a drink. Cimplete trash. Due back in 2013 but never arrived. All attempts to contact were ignored. If you chose not to kickstart this you made the right decision. Straight up scam. Nothing received and I paid the extortionate amount for International Shipping. These were trash. Doesn't work at all. Actually I believe it made the drinks warm up faster. Three them away also. Not only do these not work, whatever they are made of flakes off if you scratch them with a fingernail. I threw them away because I do not want that in my drinks Havent recieve anything I still haven't gotten anything... In May 2013, he wrote: "If you haven't received your reward or there was a problem with the shipment, please contact us through the Kickstarter messaging system and will happily help you out!" So if you haven't gotten your Rox, click the Contact me link in the right column next to Zach's avatar/icon. No product. Refund? Still haven't received anything. Anyone actually got theirs yet? They even didn'y send my ROX until now . And they said something wrong with my address, why others pledged arrived my address with no problem ? Waste of money. These don't keep anything cold. Also, soapstone has about 3x the thermal conductivity of ice cubes. So don't expect them to perform the same, and enjoy any benefits. Read the link below while drinking a bottle of whisky, while using your Rox. ;-) These numbers are in joules per degree gram as opposed to the number (another) quoted that were in joules per degree kilogram. specific heat of lead - 0.13 J /gK specific heat of uranium - 0.12 J /gK specific heat of ice - 2.108 J /gK specific heat of soapstone - 0.98 J /gK latent heat of water melting - 334 J/g density of lead - 11.34 g/cm3 density of uranium = 18.9 g/cm3 density of soapstone = 2.98 g/cm3 density of ice = 0.9167 g/cm3 So if we excluded latent heat of melting, the ratio of the volume of the substance below to the same volume of ice assuming they were cooled to the same temperature to hold the same heat energy would be: ice - 1.0 lead - 0.76 uranium - 1.17 soapstone - 1.51 So (the) depleted uranium idea and the lead idea lose just on the heat energy per volume to soapstone. Soapstone fares a little better and actually beats ice but as (another) mentioned the melting energy of ice is very large and unless the ersatz ice cubes are cooled to very low temperatures they just aren't going to come close to ice with its 334 J/g required to melt it. Source: <url>"Contact me" link, not the comments. Loved the comment about "Apart from one (obvious) spammer [...]" LOL. As far as deteriorating Rox, I wonder if there's some variance in local water supplies (more of some mineral or purifier) that the Rox are not withstanding? This user's account has been deleted. Hi guys - still no Rox! Half the comments here seem to be spam, so I'd take them with a grain of salt. As for my rox, it does take about 3-4 rocks for a large whiskey to cool down noticeably, but it stays cooler for longer than it would with ice cubes, although ice cubes would make it colder for a short time. It's an acceptable tradeoff for not diluting the drink in my opinion. There's no point in trying to use the smaller whiskey rox for beer though, they weren't designed for it, and that's exactly why the beer rox had their own tier. Also, Kickstarter isn't a store, it's a crowdfunding platform - there is always the risk that you might not be satisfied with the results of a project. Understanding and accepting that is a part of the account registration process at Kickstarter. Apart from one (obvious) spammer, I see remarkably few complaints for a project with 2743 backers. I cannot even speak to the quality of the product. I never even got mine and this was after I addressed my own error and sent more money for shipping. I will definitely be requesting a refund on the basis that the customer service experience was horrible. Hello, I've never received my Rox. Please remedy this. -Dan What a terrible product, does nothing that it claimed to do. Basically I paid $30 for some badly cut rocks that don't change the temperature of your drinks, and degrade quickly. Rip off. Still using my Rox, most often in coffee to temper the initial hot beverage; I add them at room temperature, and can begin drinking the coffee much sooner than just with a ceramic mug. I like it with the bodum and Rox even better. @Luds, what you've posted matches my own experiences that I've commented on. As far as the Beer Rox go, I found zero difference in cooling or keeping my beer or cider cool. Same can be said for tea and coffee. Still no info from Zach on a "user guide" he promised. I'm don't feel cheated, I got a product/reward I paid for, I'm just bitterly disappointed it doesn't do anything close to what was described in the project info. I haven't even got my rocks yet @Luds: I agree that the whiskey rox don't chill my liquor as much as I would like. I do like the lack of dilution, though, so I chill my drink with ice and a mixer, then pour it into a glass with Rox to preserve the cold. A little more work, but it works pretty well. I agree that for beer rox you'd probably be SOL. If I were to do it again, I'd probably keep my $15, but I have no regrets, and I don't think it's a rip-off/con job, etc. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'e been using my rox for a few weeks now, and the reality is that they simply don't work as advertised. We were promised a product that was of high quality, that the rox would chill or warm beerages for an extended amount of time. The reality is that it does neither chill nor warm. If your drink is room temperature, you'd need to put the entire bag of rox in your drink, and it *may* chill it very sligtly, but not enough to enjoy it. In other words, if you want a beer, or a rum & coke and that the beverage isn't already cold, it's completely useless. The only way the rox may help is if you want a very small portion, say an ounce or two of liquor, drop in 2-3 rox and it will reduce the temperature a bit. Sure, that's OK. But in reality, you're better putting your liquor bottle in the fridge or freezer. Now since I am mainly a liquor drinker, it's not so bad for me, but for the beer drinkers out there, this was a complete waste of money and time, a big rip-off. No wonder there's no comment box on the bevrox.com website, they'd be filled with negative comments. If you people feel cheated, well, let this con man know about it. This user's account has been deleted. I still haven't received my stones. Any suggestions? This user's account has been deleted. @Nir Shapir Not all products that I've backed came out the way it should have. That's the risk you take when you back something on Kickstarter. I understand that the quality of what we backed isn't up to par on what we expected, but could it be a bad batch that you received? Not sure if you asked for another shipment to see if it was better then the first batch. Thanks for the update though. Finally received mine after second shipment. thank you. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Zach - Just wanted to touch base with you in regards to an order that I've yet to receive. Please let me know when I'll be receiving this order. Thanks. Here is the information from the survey I filled out on 3/13/2013: You can no longer edit this survey. If you need to make a change, please send a message to Zach Lengell. Address Vishal Kuber 2208 Mission St Unit #401 San Francisco CA 94110-1889 How many sets TOTAL did you pledge for? (Bartender Specials equal four sets) 8 How many of these are "WHISKEY" Sets? 8 How many of these are "WINE" Sets? 0 How many of these are "BEER" Sets? 0 How many of these are "COFFEE" Sets? 0 How many of these are "SCOTCH" Sets? 0 How many of these are "BEV-ROX" Sets? 0 This order is shipping to: USA Add other order details here: N/A Submitted: on March 13. This user's account has been deleted. If your Rox are deteriorating, seems like getting a replacement with free shipping is a good start. Maybe you got a bad batch. But ultimately this is between you and him (something on which we agree?), so I'd suggest if you want to keep the public out of it, then keep your comments out of the public. You're right-- I have no idea about your case other than what I've read in these comments. You have decided to use a public comment forum to try to reach Zach, but have also made public accusations ("the stones are deteriorating" "Now he is avoiding me"). I responded with a few comments to try to help your situation and/or bring light to bad business practice if indeed that's what Zach's doing. You're responded mostly with more Zach spam and no attempt to clarify. That's you're right, certainly. But that's why I call it spreading of discord and unsubstantiated Internet bad-mouthing. And FWIW, I do not work with or for Zach. I've never met the guy, or heard of him before this KS. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I stand corrected-- you're spamming. It concerns me in that I don't like the spreading of discord, and I don't like unsubstantiated Internet bad-mouthing (of Zach in this case). Anyway, not worth my time. Peace. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Nir-- Please stop trolling. Have you gotten any of Zach's PMs yet? He indicates he sent one on June 20th and another on June 26th. Are you saying you're still waiting for a single PM? This user's account has been deleted. As for drink not getting cool enough-- well, I basically agree...but then again he never promised they'd make them as cool as ice cubes. One thing I've done with some success is get the drink cold with ice and a shaker, pour them in my glass, then add a few rocks to keep them cool without watering them down. A little more work, but I like a colder [mixed] drink, too. That, or maybe there's something I'm missing. @Nir-- have you gotten any of Zach's PMs yet? He indicates he sent one on June 20th and another on June 26th. Are you saying you're still waiting for a single PM? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Yep haven't got mine yet either I've been using my rox in various glasses, including lightweight double-walled Bodums. No casualties so far. No broken or chipped teeth either, but then I don't drink to excess. I have used the rocks a lot since getting. I have to say, they are a compete waste of time and money. They do nothing that is shown in the video clips. I have not received my rox. Seems that this is a common problem. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Mine arrived Today here in Sao Paulo. Tks Zach! This user's account has been deleted. Hey Zach, Sorry to be a dick. But I'm yet to get my order as well A week into using them, i have this to say: The idea is nice. They do chill your drink, but nowhere near the "ideal" temperature you'd like it at, and not nearly for as long as they're supposed to. Bottom line conclusion: If you're looking to replace ice cubes, this isn't it. If you're looking for a whisky companion, they're pretty heavy in the glass - not to mention the fear of accidentally breaking the glass when you "drop" them in. I'll still bring them out every now and then for show, but not for practical everyday use. I'm not disappointed, as it's pretty much what I expected. This user's account has been deleted. Have not received my order either So many horrible reviews. Apparently I didn't pay my shipping fee. With this many bad reviews I think I'll just chalk it up to a kickstarter donation and not worry about not getting my order. Hi Zack. Could please send me the details of my pack? Have you already sent it to Brazil? Thanks. Haven't receive mine yet! This user's account has been deleted. Same here. Still haven't received. still haven't gotten mine Still have not received mine yet. They don't chill anything and they don't keep anything cold. The concept was nice, but I fell for it. Very disappointed. I guess there is a reason we all use ice instead of stones for our beverages. If that set isn't here tomorrow then I want a refund 3 weeks from WA to CA is just ridiculous. Hi I have not received my fox. Looking forward to recieving them can't wait to try them out. thanks.i got my rox. I'm having the same issue with my Rox. Stored in them in the freezer for two days before using. They kept my drink cool for maybe 15mins before becoming room temperature Very disappointed. Stored them in my freezer for almost 2 weeks before my first opportunity to use them. I used 2 rocks in each glass. They did slightly chill my drink at first, but then nothing. Still haven't received mine so can't even comment on if they work or not. I would rather just have the $15 for the extra set back and just be done with this whole mess. They really don't work that well and after all of the other issues in getting mine its been another two weeks since I notified them that a set was missing and I am still waiting, this is really an unacceptable way to do business. Thanks! I have my Rox now (here on Guam). I've tested the Bev-Rox with coffee and I also got that funny taste (as Lester said). It actually "tastes" like the smell of the cloth bag (and the print ink?). Perhaps the bag or ink need to be changed? I have to agree with Gavin too. I tried three rox in a 12oz piping hot coffee tumbler. What I had after a few minutes was a disappointing lukewarm coffee. I suspect I need instructions too. Thanks and more power. I got mine about 3 weeks ago and while first impressions were positive I have to be honest and say I'm disappointed in them. None of the sets I got have made any appreciable different to drinks, hot or cold. The coffee Rox didn't make any difference at all to keeping my tea and coffee hotter for longer. The Beer and Wine Rox also didn't make any different to keeping my drinks cold. As an experiment I compared the beer Rox with simple ice cubes in cider, the ice cubes keep the cider colder for far longer (in both cases each bottle had been kept in the fridge and the Rox in the freezer for days). Either I'm not using them correctly or they just don't really work well in practice. Since there was a lack of care or use instructions I'm very much in the dark. They are very nice to look at, but the weight of them in my opinion makes them a concern to use, tip your glass or mug up too quickly to drain your drink and you could find yourself with a seriously dental injury. Particularly if using two Beer Rox. Disappointing because this did sound like a genuinely good product. got my ROX today!! Cant wait to try them out! THX from Austria :) Got my Rox today (UK) - got them chilling in the freezer and can't wait to try them out :) Still waiting for my Rox in Germany :-( Been using my Rox for a few weeks now. Using some for whisky and others for coffee. At first they made things taste a bit strange, so my advice is to leave them in some hot water for a while, to get rid of any residue. They seem to keep things hot better than they do cold. Coffee stays piping hot for a decent amount of time, but whisky doens't attain a decent chill. All in all, I'm happy with them. Nice work guys Got my rox last week, and they, well, they rock! Thanks! Got mine today in indonesia. Can't wait try with my wine Got mine today... the stones look good. Was expecting a bit more in the quality of the bags, but that's no big deal as I don't expect the stones to be in the bags all that often ;) Just received my Rox in Germany (shipped 2013-05-13). They look beautiful. :) Got them today! Put them in the freezer for a few hours (in the bag) and it really didn't make much difference to my drink in terms of retaining the coldness. Am I doing something wrong? Shipped May 11th, received them today in Sweden. Washed them and put them in the freezer and now I'm just looking forward to try them out. Great job! Got mine this week. Look great. Very happy. The bag could be of a better quality though. Got my rox today, they look amazing. Looking forward to try them out :) Still waiting in the UK for my Bartender Special..... :-( Still waitng in Tokyo. So, do you have to do something to make these work? I saw someone mention soaking or running them under water before putting them in the freezer, but silly me can't find 'instructions'. ???? Got mine this morning; very happy with it! thanks, philippe from Paris - France I got mine! Didn't get a shipping notice so it was a surprise. They are great! Still waiting in NYC Good to see more people receiving their sets. :) Still waiting in Idaho. Here is my experience: I recieved a mail with the electronic shipping info on May 1st, wrote to Zach when he requested it in May 13th and got my Rox in my house yesterday (May 20th). Then, just a few hours later, I got a message reply from Zach saying that they were already sent. I'm from Chile and my Rox are already being charged. Thanks for the great project! PS: the shipping tracker still says that my electronic info was received and nothing else. I'm having the same problem with the tracker, it doesn't really tells me much... I've received my tracking number on April 29th, almost one month ago and no sign of my bartender special, already sent Zach a message and no return. But I also know how difficult it is to shipping things to another continent. Cheers. ROX Don't Retain Cold After a good soak and wash, I've tried using the Rox to cool my drinks. The Rox was in the freezer overnight. The next day when I used it; the Rox do not retain the cold. After putting into room temperature tap water for 1 min, the Rox loses it cold... Is there a method to use the Rox? Finally received with a set missing. Received my rox today, thanks! Got my tracking number on may 1st, which does not work. Hopefully it will appear soon. Got a reply from Zach yesterday, they had an issue with the Beer Rox sizes and needed to reorder... He is shipping as they are done... Thanks for the reply Zach. @Gerry: No, it's documented herein that all cubes are the same size (1" cube I believe) except for the Beer Rox that are larger (1.25" cube). Got mine yesterday. Coffee Rox. They didn't really do much to retain temperature at all (I tested them against the same size cup of water at the same time). I guess they'll probably be more effective for cooling than heat retention... Still, they look nice and feel good. Received my Bartender Special. I received 2 sets of Whiskey Rox, a set of Beer Rox and a set of Wine Rox. Unfortunately, my Wine Rox bag has only 5 1"cubes in the bag. In your website, there are suppose to be 8. Mistake perhaps? :) I received my Bartender Special. I've got 2 bags of Whiskey, 1 Wine and 1 Coffee but I am disappointed that they are all the same sizes. They should be different sizes right? 2 bags were also dirty. Koen Vingerhoets hehe, I think you mean freezer or refrigerator :-) I have stored my Rox in the freezer while inside the bag. It works excellently. Storing them in the refrigerator will not "charge" them enough (ergo make them cold enough) to be able to cool a drink adequetly. Just got my Whiskey Rox, international shipping to Argentina. Thanks! Haven't received my Rox and no replies to my emails...beginning to wonder????? Do I put the Rox in the fridge or in the refrigerator? In the bag or not? Thx! Any updates for the backers of Beer rocks? That's nice that you don't expect much, I expect some communication and replies at the bare minimum. I don't expect things to have changed since Zach last made a comment here, so please read that one as well as the latest update. Kickstarter isn't a store, the delivery times aren't exact. me neither.no item, no response yet. I'm in same boat, no response. Anyone had luck getting an actual response? Item has not arrived... I have not received anything at all Come on....2-3 days with no response is no way to treat your backers. A simple reply would be nice. @Erik He can, but there isn't any obligation. And that would be handled outside Kickstarter, if at all. I got my rox thank you!! What's the best way to reach you guys? I have contacted you on the website and by using the Contact Me link and have not received a response. I have responded directly to Zach on both Monday and Tuesday. Please let me know the status as I have not received any info since I filled out the survey. Mine are one their way... Hope they will reach home soon @Silver the terms state he can refund it. Revived thanks Actually if you read it there are,if they're unwilling or unable to fulfill a reward they have to give a refund (if you look at the creator agreement it's echoed there). And once they created that website and started fulfilling orders they're a business not just a kickstarter project (so different standards and rules now apply vis a vis better business bureau). @Erik There are no refunds on Kickstarter, read the Terms of Use. <url>"Early Bird Special" group. Got my rox today Here is what i think may be slowing down the shipping process. If your screen name on kickstarter is different then your payment name it might be throwing them off. Okay, I never had any shipping notice but I received my order yesterday, here in Canada! Can't wait to try my Rox! Hey guys, What's the status on shipping the Rox? Which sets have been shipped and what's remaining? I completed my survey on March 14, 2013 and paid the additional US domestic shipping via PayPal shortly there after, but I've yet to receive a shipping notice. I totally understand that delays happen and what not, but a status update would probably be appreciated by many people on here waiting that are still waiting for their Rox to arrive... Thanks! Expire shipping notice, no response, still waiting Got my bartenders special! Thank you guys! I love them! Still no shipping notice....I wanted the Rox for Fathers Day gifts...but am worried I won't get them in time still haven't gotten a shipping notice. Let me know whats up. No shipping notice, no response, still waiting My order has shipped. Thanks BevRox. Thanks for your patience with my boneheadedness. (Forgot to add shipping to my pledge) Over a week since I got my ship notice and USPS still has not been given anything to ship me. Got my shipping notice on the 30th... still waiting :( Just got mine yesterday. Awesome!!!! Just wondering if I can expect my order to be here by fathers day? Just received mine yesterday 07/05 in Perth, Australia, possibly one of the furthest places from where you are. Super quick delivery. +1 I received my Rox on Monday, May 8th here in Oregon! Thanks so much for a painless Kickstarter experience! Today I received my Whiskey Rox here in Austria. They look great! On 23 Apr 2013 I got the shipping information with my tracking number. I understand it could be a lot of Work just putting all backers in shipping order, so im okay with the delay. But for all backers an update every 15 days WOULD go a long way! Keep up the good work! Got my 8 Coffee Rox today! I'm excited to try them out this week :D Fsck you have a point, but I think it starts to fall apart when you consider that website orders are being fulfilled before kickstarter backers. We can also see that someone with the Rox group is logging on daily but not addressing PMs or comments. And it also looks like either the shipping order isn't being adhered to or for some reason or another people were left off the lists. Taken all together I believe it's reason enough for some concern. to cut* Let's see any of you guys hand package and mail 2743 packages and see how long it takes you as well as cut >20000 items. Yes, it'd be nice if they updated us, but they're probably overwhelmed with the number of things they have to do. Guys, please give Zach & co some time here, there are quite a few rewards to mail after all. Every startup company runs into some scheduling issues in the beginning, it's nothing new, especially not on Kickstarter. Got ship notice 6 days ago and USPS still hasn't been given anything to ship. California. Single set, sent paypal payment for shipping two weeks ago and no response. Illinois, single set of Bev rox, still nothing and no response to PM. @Jorge Solis Finland here and I received my whiskey rox 3 days ago. In California. Nothing received. Not shipping info either. Have you AT LEAST started shipping to the international backers? Mine arrived today. But two of the stones are broken around the edges. Not sure if that's a manufacturing mistake. No updates. No Pm's answered. People receiving product ordered from their website while we sit and spin. Zach said that would not happen and he said all single sets would be shipped before bartender sets, Which doesn't seem to be true either from the posts. This is not in keeping with the Kickstarter community to treat backers this way as well as a bad business practice. I don't like to complain but an update would be nice. Hello, is this thing on? Been almost a week since i got my shipping confirmation, but still showing they haven't shipped should i be worried? Still waiting. ..at this point I'm tempted to have my brother find these guys and pick my 2 Whiskey Rox sets up and ship them to me himself. Received my Rox here in England , looking Good . Nicely done Zac & Co , well managed project, congratulations on a job well done. Are you going to send out email notification of product in route/shipped? Happy to report that my pledge ( a package of Scotch Rox) arrived in the mail today! I've washed them and will pop the, into the freezer tomorrow. I got my Bartender set today here at D.C. Been tracking my package since Wed and I just want to say thanks a lot Zach & Co, I appreciate the business, being a bourbon lover I can't wait to try it out. That's a concern that they're fulfilling website orders before Kickstarter one's. Still haven't heard anything and no response to PM. Got my Rox yesterday. Put in freezer and enjoying a drink with them right now. Very nice product. Nicely done! still waiting for my rox, sure it wont be long now Just came home today and found a package behind the door - my whiskey rox had arrived! Thanks, Zach & co! I also received my Rox from the bevrox website but not yet from Kickstarter. Recieved my bartender's set of rox. Zach, great job by your team! Outstanding kickstarter project all around. Got my rox today, great product awesome presentation FYI. The set of three Scotch Roxs I ordered from the commercial website arrived today...12 days after receiving a shipping notification. I'm still waiting for my "pledge" Roxs to arrive, but at least a shipping notification arrived two days ago, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Bill I just sent over my shipping payment. Sorry just noticed the updates. Whats the status of shipping currently? This user's account has been deleted. I've given many sets of "whiskey stones" over the years to friends and family as gifts, but never purchased/owned a set for myself until now. Loving it. Great work guys, thanks much! They work great! every question except whats going on with the shipping. i understand they got $87,500 more then their goal and were swamped but some communication would go a long way. i am done with my unanswered pm's. just saying Trent are you Zach's right hand man. You've answered more questions here then he has. Btw written or not most project leaders try to go in the order of when they backed. I've backed about 50 projects so this isn't my 1st rodeo. @Trent That's correct, the Rox isn't supposed to be a superior replacement for the ice cube. It's primarily designed to chill and not dilute your beverages. I use ice cubes when waiting for my Rox to recharge and drinks are indeed far colder. I just taste water after a while, which I don't with Rox. FWIW, I find that I like my beverages colder than the Rox seem to get it to. Maybe it's supposed to be 'cool', but I seem to like it colder. Make no mistake-- the Rox work exactly as advertised and I'm not complaining or unhappy. And I do like the lack of dilution, so I chill my drink with ice and a mixer, then pour it into a glass with Rox. Works pretty well. @David Duncan: Being a third day backer means nothing, I'm afraid. Nor should it, unless it is described in the pledge text or elsewhere in the campaign. Glad to hear that your tracking info arrived. For me, it arrived about 9 days later (including a weekend). @Edward Matczuk: LOL that's hilarious. Huge ripoff. But, technically, it is a different spin on the product. I'd love a Physicist to be able to explain why the pips in the dice make this an inferior product from Zach's (if indeed this is the case). Got shipping confirmation, from what others have said can't wait to get mine just got my tracking info so hopefully I will have mine soon yeah! Just got my notice that my ROX shipped!!! Very excited. Can't believe you haven't even finished the roll out, and someone else on kickstarter is already ripping you off! Bev Dice? Really? They practically stole your entire concept down to similar bags, and made dice. Weaksauce. Hope all your cutting, and production is going well! The rox work unbelievably well! I can leave my soda aside for a long enough time, and come back to tasting soda that's still really cold, without tasting any of the melted ice! Hey Zach, it would be great to know where you're at in the process. I'm one of the "Single sets Domestic (Non Beer) - Paid Shipping/Completed Survey" but haven't heard anything yet, assuming you're still in this category; just thought you could fill us in here to save yourself some time (I know I've been resisting the urge to mail a questions as I'm sure you're inbox is flooded with info requests as is). How do I figure out the status of my Rox? Received my Rox's yesterday and they work Great. I really didn't know what to expect, but the quality of the set is fantastic. I have seen other Soapstone whiskey rocks before but they were much smaller and expensive. Great Job Zach, look forward to purchasing a set of Beer Rox from your website soon. Got my Rox on Saturday 4/20/2013, I've been using them in every drink I've made thus far, from Coffee to Whiskey they definitely beat using Ice anyday. Great product, solid soapstone. Since the Rox project was funded I've seen atleast 3 more projects spring up with the same concept using porcelain to stainless steel, but these Rox are by far the best. Thanks again Zach! Be patient everyone, good things come to those who wait! Got my Rox yesterday and tried them out last night. They work great, no more watered down scotch for me. Awesome job. I was a 3rd day backer but it looks like I will be close to the end. Hopefully I will get mine sometime in May. Irritating that backing early means nothing in the end. I guess I will try to stay positive that at lest everybody that's got them seems to be pleased. Should have it for sure by fathers day. Just got my Rox today. I happened to be looking outside the window when the mail came. The box is nice, but I'm probably saying that because I rarely order anything. The newspaper packaging is a crude but cheap and effective way of protecting the rox. The bag holding the rox is very nice. I'll be washing and putting them into the freezer later! Additionally, I'm sad to hear that some people have had issues with false shipping information? I got a shipping alert last Wednesday, and the rox arrived right on time today as claimed in the tracker provided. Nevertheless, I hope everyone receivers their rox, sooner rather than later! Got my Rox in the mail today. I never got a shipping notification. Washed 'em and I am freezing them now. I kickstarted about half way through the campaign. Thank you! Sent him a private msg here and through his web site. Hopefully we will get a response and update soon. @alltheviking , the question is, if , the commercial rox shipped BEFORE ALL kickstarter rox ? Just a simple question. Thanks for answering, but I'm actually waiting for Zach's answer. Recent commenters: Zach has been delivering, and he has given updates. Try to be patient, and don't demand that he do things; you are the benefactor here, remember that. You are helping the project, so get behind it.. be positive. I received my Rox today, and am quite pleased. @Zach, you should respond to the question ASAP . If this is indeed the case and they are shipping items sold commercially before they have fulfilled all the orders they are obligated to send to their backers that is pretty disappointing. I guess that extra .99 cents on a commercial set of Rox must be more important to them. It shows hes logged in today so he is getting the messages. Also still waiting. Also tempted to order commercially to see if that comes 1st wow, it was quite some days I didn't check kickstarter. I know it takes time to get your reward but some news here are not as good as I was aspecting. let's see. let's hope. I sent him a private msg. yesterday that it's time for a update that many of us simply want a status up sate on shipping. That was before William reported his experience. If he Shipping commercial before us then that is a sad way to thank the people that backed his project. makes me want to order a set to see what happens. Then again I don't want to reward bad behavior. Come on Zack lets do what's right. @william : commercial rox get shipped and I as the backer received NOTHING ? wow , that's disgusting ! Have yet to receive a tracking number. Hey Zachary..what gives? I pledged for an order of Scotch rocks, filled out the survey on 3/14, and even managed to send you the shipping fees via PayPal after pledging closed...but still no Roxs or notification of shipment. So...while waiting for my pledge to be fulfilled, I played an order for three sets from your commercial site to give away as Christmas presents. And what do you know? I just received notification that my commercial order shipped! Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful, but it sure gives the appearance that your placing your commercial orders above those of us who backed your Kickstarter project. Care to comment? Bill Can I just pick mine up? I ordered these for my brother in laws Batchelor gift and time is running out... :( @Florian I have not gotten mine, but patiently waiting I know these things take time to ship and coordinate all of the sets get where they are supposed to go. Just hoping I get mine within next week or so. everybody got their tracking number? i did not :( @Brian Brandon: You can use https :// v1.shippingeasy.com/track/[your tracking number]. Initially it just said "4/9 Electronic Shipping Info Received." On 4/15, the tracking page said "Accepted at USPS Origin Sort Facility." And on 4/17 (yesterday), it showed up on my doorstep! Congrats, I've noticed a spike in "ice" alternative since your success @TrentJaspar, Yeah I actually got in contact with USPS and they said that means they received the information for the shipment but not the actual package itself. So basically he created the label to ship with but hasn't actually shipped it yet. I'm still showing as of today (04/18/2013) that the order still hasn't shipped out. I do understand that Zach has a ton of orders to ship so I'm definitely not the impatient type. When were you able to see that yours was being shipped Trent? Did you track on the ShipEasy website or usps.com? I'm a early bird on the 4 Beer still hoping it ships soon, I understand Zack has a small set up some sort of update would be nice. How many have shipped? How many he can ship per week etc. I'm not discouraged just want to be in the know. I got my Rox, they work great! @Brian Brandon-- this happened to me too. Upon investigation, it appears that the email we received from ShippingEasy is a bit misleading. It doesn't mean your Rox are actually in the mail yet. In my case, I got the same email on April 8th, but USPS didn't actually receive the item from ShippingEasy until April 15th. The 2-3 days is probably from when the USPS receives your item. You can check tracking info to confirm. Got my Rox the other day. I love them! I used them with room temperature scotch and it cooled it down to the perfect temp. I then used them with my horseradish vodka from the freezer and it was fantastic! Love the product Still waiting for ma' Rox! Totally excited, and not really in any hurry. Just thought I'd post. Got mine! Look good, thanks... Can't wait to use them! Received my shipment info on April 7th: Sender: Whiskey Rox, LLC Ship Date: Sun, 07 Apr 2013 Ship Service: USPS Priority Flat Rate Box - Small Expected Delivery Date: 2 - 3 days Just wondering when they really are expected to be here? According to the estimate, I should have gotten these on the 10th or 11th. Got mine! Thanks guys!!! Still nothing and I was one of first to back :-( everytime I drink beer now I think of the rox that I dont have. Got my Rox a few days ago. I have gifted them to a friend as a housewarming present. We tried them out and they work great! Thanks Zach. Can everyone try to be a little patient? As Zack has said, there were almost 4,000 sets to make, amounting to up to 50,000 rox to cut, bag, then ship. He does not have an army of people to help him do this, so it will take a while. The earlier you backed, the sooner you will receive your Rox. What's probably happening is that kickstarter gave zack a list of backers in order of who backed first. Those who only pledged after every 1,000 backers will probably receve their Rox in 1 week intervals, most likely. The latter would be inbetween. This is purely a guess though. Zack, if possible, is there any way you could tell us how many sets that you're able to ship in any given day? That would hopefully let us backers know better about when our Rox will actually arrive. Ruzu Havent received any email on shipping yet ... hmmm when will international shipping be scheduled ? @Y. Chung Dry them with cloth/towel/tissues then put them into the freezer. Problem solved! That's what I plan on doing anyways. Got my rox, thanks! Any tips on storing them in the freezer? I find that after I wash them, the residual water from the rinse attaches the rox together so that it freezes all together. Sorry i just figured out how to pay the $5 shipping. Kind of weird that the original 15 went through amazon and the shipping went through paypal but its done. Now where are my Rox!! I just got an email for shipment! So excited :) Thank you!!! Will international orders be shipped soon? I was in the first 100 backers... and received mine today! I'm a little sad that I haven't gotten my Rox yet, however with an average backing of about $19 a person, and averaging 11 Rox per order (the bartender sets raised the average signifigantly) that would be somewhere around 31,350 Rox that he's gotta make. If all my numbers are right (and they might not be,) it might take a while before I see mine. I'm totally okay with this considering that making 30,000 of ANYTHING would suck. Greetings from Michigan......Whiskey Rox were in the mail when I got home today, and will be in glasses of Makers 46, for the tip tonight at 9:23...........Go Blue............Thanks Zach I received my Whisky Rox today and they look great! I'm definitely gonna try them out later in the day, gotta let them chill first. Great job! Sigh , didn't get any email yet :-( when wil u be shipping out bartender set to overseas backer ? Got an email notification this morning that my order was shipping. Can't wait to try these out. Thanks for the update Zach! Can't wait to try them out! Yahoo looking forward to getting mine I was a early backer so it should be soon, Great work Zach glad I backed the project. You Rox! Got my shipping email confirmation last night! Woo hoo! Zach, An update would be much appreciated at this point. It's been 22 days since the last one. We all understand how busy you must be but some news, good or bad , would go a long way. We were told shipping would be in march. And here we are a week into April with no ROX. A detailed update soon please. -your backers Any shipping updates? Super excited to get these and try them out with some of my whiskeys! Hope for an update soon Any estimated ship date? @Jorge You should definitely contact Zack ASAP. Surveys were sent out 3 weeks ago. He should be getting the rox ready for shipping any day now. Haven't received my survey. Is that normal? Just went to my local 7-Eleven today and found a gatorade bottle that had a 1.5 inch diameter. Perfect for keeping bev-rox in to use longer! @Florian - Thanks! @Navid, @Elbassan, the Bev-Rox are a set of 8 1" Rox. The same as the Whiskey, Scotch and Coffee Rox, just with a generic logo. Got my survey, does this mean they are shipping soon?! Hi Zach, I would also like to know about the "Bev-Rox" set. Please do explain. Best, Elbasan Zach will we be notified when the orders are shipped? How are you shipping (in random batches, per pledge, as soon all ROX are ready, shipping etc) What phase of production are you in right now and are you stil on track for the march delivery? One more question...what size/quantity rocks come w/ the "bev-rox" set? hi zach, just (a bit late indeed) filled the survey. congratulations on this great project. can't wait to drink my rox-chilled kentucky bourbon and scotch. ps: no problems with the survey here. Also how long do we have to fill out this survey? I don't really want to try it while people are still having issues with it.. Is there a picture of the Scotch logo anywhere? I'm worried about Micheal's comment. However, I did not experience what Giorgio went through. After filling out the form, I did not see another person's credentials. I saw my own regardless of whether I clicked edit or clicked to see my response. That survey page is not secure. It's not https and It shows the address of the last person who filled it out to anyone that views the page. I think you need an another way to get address information. Hi, I got the same issue that Ritchie Patton has found. After filled the form the review info shows different credential. Also I was logged in as another person. I think Kickstarter has a seriour problem here.. Hi Zach I echo the comment of Navid. I'm trying to fill out my backer survey to decide which 4 for my bartender set. You are the only one who has used them. How many of each stone would you put in each drink? Would all 8 stones be too much for a normal size whisky? Submitted the survey incorrectly, when I go to "Edit" it pulls up someone else's info. I change it back to my info, submit, and now a third person's info appears. Please help! Hey Zach, just wondering how many stones you recommend putting in with each type of beverage? Do you freeze the stones between every drink? Is there an instruction manual?!?! haha Congrats to your success. I always love when someone's good idea is rewarded. One tip. Next time include shipping IN the total price. While I don't look at all Kickstarter projects this is the ONLY one I have ever seen, much less backed that you had to add shipping when you back it. It's not hard or complicated, but it's not the usual and thus something you might want to adjust to next time. Hi Zach! You must been busy packing!! I just wanna know how to leave the shipping address to you? Or you will e-mail me when you're ready? Thanks. Hey Zach I got the email. Just wanted to know what your projected ETA is going to be. I know amazon is holding up the process a bit. Won't hold you to it just wanted to see what your thoughts were and what the time line is thus far. Congrats also on getting up to 90K minus the amazon and KS FEES. Congrats on getting funded & making 90K USD. I haven't been around so much lately since the inXile game campaign started (<url>"free" world, right? (as we see a whole bunch of similiar projects, around here). Also we cannot expect that if someones "copies" a product (which I believe its not the case), that there will be no consequences... it would be, simply stupid to think like that. And btw, this is the place to "reinvent the wheel". @Jason Torres----Leave us alone and let this free market thrive. How many bottle openers are being sold on kickstarter? How many cup holders are being sold? How many flat wallets with straps being sold? I like these rox and your trolling will not sway me to another company--- go away please. 19 hours left until we can all enjoy some roxomeness! (hahh :)) /endterribleattemptatjoke Oh man I cannot wait.. Can we pick them up local somewhere? I'm not sure where you're located but I'm out in Duvall\Woodinville area. I'm buying these for myself and my bro-in-law as his sort of personal wedding gift. Porous materials have little bumps that dissolved Co2 can form bubbles in. This would make a beer flat much quicker. Is this an issue with ROX? @Michael Merhar Well said I have seen this before but I have always passed before I decided to back Zach because well he's Zach and he sold me on himself and his Rox. I'd much rather back a person and a branded product then something on the shelf. I haven't even compared prices why because I like the story and I like Zach. I'm not really a fan of @Jason Torres though I'm guessing it's not his real name since Rox are the only thing he's backed. Any way Zach thank you and I look forward to getting my Rox and I think the 2nd set I ordered will make a nice gift. @Elissa, that is correct. Most KS projects that include physical rewards either specify that they provide free shipping, or list the amount extra required for shipping. You have to add it to the pledge level as part of your pledge. In fact, if you have a default shipping address on file with KS, it will automatically calculate the amount providing the project was set up correctly. It did for me. When I clicked on the $15 level it automatically set my pledge amount to $30 in the confirmation window. Your latest update confused me. Do we need to add the shipping charge to the pledge? So if a level is $14+, and they are to be shipped in the US, the pledge actually needs to be $19? @Jason Torres Why even bother trolling a product like this? If you feel the product is unoriginal, then don't back. I have common sense to know that whiskey stones have been around for a while. I have often thought about purchasing them from thinkgeek or even my local Target. What Zach has done creatively is called branding. While it seems simple enough, just spelling rocks with x and the presentation of his video finally sold me on this product. Kudos to you @zach for selling me on something others could not for years. As for you @jason, I hope that in 26 hours you voice is silenced. Ugh...not @Jason Torres again...a malcontent-- probably from a competitor with an inferior product. For any new backers, this guy spawned his accusations a while ago and is just trying to discredit Zach. If he actually had any substance behind his argument, he'd cite the site that Zach allegedly copied. There's nothing wrong with improving upon an existing product in KS. If there's a problem, then KS will deal with it. @Jorge Solis: he'll withdraw his pledge at the last moment then hopefully crawl back under his rock. So this guy/girl "Jason Torres" if that's the real name (it isn't) just created a profile (hasn't backed up any other projects) and pay $15 to be able to *kindly warn us* about it... Yeah... Competition is good for business, focus on improving your product instead of trying (and failing) to ruin other's @jason torres Come on man, can't we all just get a drink?! Grow up and leave Zach and his project alone. His idea is unique, and going to be a huge success. So much in fact I went out and bought a beautiful bottle of whiskey today in celebration of this project and cannot wait to use my ROX to enjoy it with. Anyway the real reason for my comment is @Zach how do we go about letting you know which sets we would like of we pledged the top teir where we can pick 4 sets? Thank you and greatly looking forward to my ROX. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Not long!! Come on people keep pledging Yeah, I know it is more expensive, so that was not quite what I meant. I was talking about a whole 15 $. But you kinda answered it by giving me the shipping rate for 1 pound. I did not know it was THAT expensive sending only 1 pound overseas. Oh well, still looking forward to getting the goods. Thanks for answering! Hi there Zach! First of all, great project! Have backed it myself, and I'm really looking forward to getting my "eternal icecubes". The second one is a question; I come from the awesome country of "outside the US", and wanted to know the reason for the (in my opinion) high shipping rate. As I said, I have backed, so no problem, but was curious, since us non-US'ers have to pay 15 $ for the product, and then pay 15 $ more to get the goods. Keep doing a good job! Sincerely THJ @Derek I'm personally a fan of professional looking designs. It just looks, nicer to me. A good solution would be to leave out a couple of bags for hand stamps. That way, more people are happy. Not sure how much it would cost to have those exceptions though. In the Bartender Special, would I be able to replace Wine Rox with Scotch Rox instead ? ...in response to the printing vs handstamping the logo, I would think the hand version would look more authentic/rustic/neat, but I'm a big fan of letterpress/screenprinting, so... @Pierluigi Basilico Bev-Rox is just a label. The actual rox can be used for any beverage. Sorry for the question but i don't know what si bev-rox, what's kind of drink is? Thank's a lot. Question...I apologize if this was asked previously (so many comments to read thru...haha)...is it possible to order extra bags? @Michael I would just change my pledge while there is still time left. Probably a similar question, but I pledged for the whiskey/wine rox. Can I specify in the survey you will be sending that I want Bev roxs or should I change my pledge? I know, I know, but I see it as a plus of a project big success, like Polaris which upgraded everybody who got an Eclipse deck with a better material or Ainste wallets which got a more quality leather. But anyways... My dad is exited about getting this. Good job guys and best of luck! Finally made it to the party... Looks like things are going well my man! Excited for you! was at bonefish grill tonight and got some wine. They put the bottle in a soap stone holder. Any thoughts on making something like that ? @Douglas There is no need to go that far. Zach will probably give you a definitive answer, but, all you need to do is rinse the Rox underneath a faucet for a couple of seconds at most. Are Rox dishwasher-safe? @Jorge Solis Kickstarting projects shouldn't be about "more stuff" with each stretch goal met - the money is almost always better used to improve the existing product. After thinking on it for a while, I finally decided to pledge for the bev-rox. I'm definitely looking forward to these ice cube replacements, especially since you don't have to refill them. I also definitely agree that liquid ice in beverages dilutes the flavor and makes them taste worst ;(. Cheers to all! 3,000% funded and this is the first stretch goal we get, in which we're not really getting anything -.- nice way of showing appreciation I've been called worse much worse. Congrats on hitting the 70,000+ mark. Also in ruffling a few feathers. A sign you are doing something right. @Lane Sutton From Zach Lengell: "Rox can be used in any beverage. Soapstone is inert, so it won't react with acids or alkalies." Are the Bev Rox for general beverages to keep cold? Any chance we can get an "extra" rox reward for a new stretch goal of say $100,000? Ok I got in on the early bird for the beer rox can I double my pledge and get another set? I like to save a set as a gift. I know I'm coming late to this, but any chance for a soapstone tray holder for the cubes? I'm looking for an elegant solution to the plastic cube tray in the freezer and I haven't seen anything aside from a flawed stainless steel model. Are you planning on making LARGE ROX or somesuch? Or is 1.25" the largest you want to go to fit into glasses/containers. Now what I think would be cool are cylindrical rocks for those plastic bottles ... why not a ROX for any replacement of ice :P @Doug about as long i'd imagine as you use to chill a glass. For a scientific answer you're looking at thermal transfer properties. Soapstone density, and surface area vs. Volume for temperature throughput. The nice thing about ROX vs ice aside from the dilution aspect... once you're at equilibrium it's not only the water which needs to absorb energy for the temperature to vary. How long does the stone (either size) take to get cold/ready to use once you put it in the freezer? I agree that Kickstarter can sometimes result in a higher prices, but the entire concept is to finance projects, it doesn't matter if it's an existing product or not. In this case, you can pick up different sizes and bags depending on your beferage, and that's fine with me. I supported for 4 and will split with a friend, good luck with the project Zach, can't wait to get mine! Zach, looking forward to touring your new building tomorrow. The equipment looks incredible. Rox made in Bellingham. Maybe we should invite @JasonTorres to join us. And he doesn't have to fly to China to see Rox manufactured. And I like I posted in the update comments: "Keep up the good work! In my opinion the backlash from a few people in the industry only shows that they're not confident in their own products - in that case they should seek to improve their business model instead of trying to limit the competition." @Jörn Huxhorn I agree with this sentiment. +1 Zach, dont listen to all the haters...I'm dealing with the same thing starting my business. You're providing a quality MADE IN THE USA product...that's AWESOME in my book...and 2100+ other books. Can't wait to get these to put in a glass of 18 year Jameson. GOOD WORK! I am a fan of rum "on the rox". Please consider RUM ROX Jason, you would be completely within your rights to set up an alternative Whisky Stone project, although from your performance in these comments I'm not so sure any of the 2000+ backers would back your project. Like Jörn has stated, Kickstarter isn't a bargain shop, it's about supporting a product, and a person/team/company get their project off the ground. This user's account has been deleted. Obvious troll is obvious. m( I actually did my homework, checked out the alternatives and they usually *do* look exactly like the "competitor stones" image on the frontpage - or worse. This project seems entirely legit, has a reasonable pricing and I understand entirely why this project was started in the first place: higher production value instead of cheap-cheap-cheap China stuff. Beside all that: Kickstarter isn't about buying something at the lowest possible price at all. It isn't a bargain shop. Kickstarter is about giving funds to something that looks like it deserves funding. Which - for me - is most definitely given in case of Rox. +1 for an extra rock as a stretch goal @jason, If you think this project is bad because it's a concept that already exist, should take a look at other kickstarter projects. 3d printer, wallet, lamp, router, pen, metal dice, clothing... Most projects are only an slight improvement over an existing product, not a revolution. Bigger size, better quality control and "made in USA" (instead of china) is in my opinion enough to justify the few extra dollars per set. @Tom correct. Looks like $5 for US, $10 for Canada, $15 everywhere else @Jason- I could find movies, or comic books, or video games, or board games online too. This is a unique take on an old product just like all the things on Kickstarter. You made your point I think. We just chose to back this project. Do you work for Whisky Dice..? This user's account has been deleted. I've only been able to find granite stones in the UK, which don't appeal as I've heard they can scratch the glass. Soapstone ones are smaller and more expensive than the cost of these + the international postage..sounds like a no brainer in my opinion. @Jason - Yawwwwwwn. It says to add $5 for domestic shipping, does that mean I have to pledge $20 to get the $15 pledge? That's funny. Kickstarter is the perfect place to reinvent the wheel. The good news is, we all have internet connections, and we all know about competing products when we back something (or we just back it because it's cool and we want to support it). And the best part of Kickstarter? It's a self-correcting market. If the pledges don't exceed the goal, the project essentially gets dismissed from Kickstarter. Apparently, more than 2000 people like Zach's product, and not yours. Understandably. I have seen some reviews for other products like these where people found the rocks did not cool down the liquid as much as they would have liked. Is there any reason for this, besides size and time in the freezer? I just wonder if there is some kind of trick or learning curve to get them really cold. @Jason - Personally, I don't mind WHERE or HOW a project is sourced, so long as it meets the advertised quality. Either way, the multiple pictures and videos in the project updates lend credence to the veracity of this Kickstarter - and your newly joined status, as well as complete lack of history as a backer, make your claims rather hard to believe. Damn Jason you only joined kickstarter to post this? And you have the nerve to say that kickstarter is and is not? Zach - try using the "Contact" link at bottom of page and/or tweeting at them. If you can cite some part of the "Terms of Use" in your comment it may help. Actually, that's not true. Kickstarter IS the place the reinvent the wheel. You can make a movie on your own but a kickstarter movie just won an Oscar. You can get yarn from anywhere but my yarn project one of many successful on kickstarter. If you are refining something that has been done elsewhere but you can do it better kickstarter is fine with that. Witness the trench coat, the precision metal dice, the million and five wallets on kickstarter. It's really not your place to say if kickstarter is the right platform, kickstarter does that when someone tries to get a project approved I don't mind people point out if a project is a scam or if someone is buying something in china and then claiming to sell them here as made in America. But if a project is what it says it is. It's not your place to say if kickstarter is the right platform. Do the different sizes cool at different rates or is it just for looks? Wow, the definition of a troll right there (Jason Torres). Just created his account and has backed nobody else. Sorry, Zach...good luck going after this guy! This user's account has been deleted. Other than the sizes and bag labels, is there any major difference in the Rox? Ie, is there any reason they couldn't be used by pouring hot coffee over, room temperature whiskey or scotch, or even already chilled beer regardless of what set purchased? I assume generally they're the same, but figured I'd ask! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I just pledged $20 but wasn't able to "choose" whiskey rox or the wine rox logo. Are you sending out a survey for each pledger to complete or how will that work? @Steven just add $5 to whatever your pledge is. This is my first pledge and I can't wait for my beer rox!! One thing I don't understand is how do I add the $5 for shipping to the reward Personally I've always hated whiskey with ice or water in it, the taste changes completely with the added water. And freezing beer never quite got the temperature right, leaving me to wait until it got cold enough in the fridge - now I'll have a much better alternative. :) I am looking forward to the rocks as they seem like the most "duh" thing that no one has remembered. I have two questions: 1) I don't think alcohol, but I drink a lot of sweet & ice tea and thought these might work on those because like alcohol you don't want to dilute those flavors. While these are sold for alcohol, is there any kind of drink other liquids than soda (due to acids in it) that these are not good for? 2) Your delivery is slated for March sometime. I'm sure there's a lot of work and ordering of your new machine (congrats on the windfall of the kickstarter) but at base as I understand this basically cutting rocks and as such turn around time should be easier than say an electronic. My question, with your large amount of orders do you still think you can deliver the rocks in March even though the actual manufacturing process is cutting rocks? looking forward to the rocks.. great idea! How about a blank bag with just a pic of the rocks? Can't wait to get mine :) One extra Little ROX would be another stretch goal idea Stretch goal/pledge suggestion - an insulated bodum glass Great gift to my man:) There should be some more pledges and Updates. That would be great. Thanks! I've seen and covered hundreds of campaigns. This is the first one I've backed! Great stuff. It's our top story today, too: <url>"Bev-Rox" bag. Do the Rox handle a microwave? I am constantly zapping my tea to keep it hot or will boiling water poured on the Rox make them super hot and no need for microwaving? Thanks. How cold can Beer Rox get a drink down to starting with the drink at room temperature? I know these are made to keep a drink from getting TOO cold, but I've had a few lower quality ones that were very underwhelming. Can I get some kind of actual measurements? Is there a difference between the wine rox and the coffee rox? In terms of size and thermal properties? Thanks. Cheers just bought 4 sets, where do i tell you guys which ones i want? (for the record, 2 sets of beer and 2 sets of wine) That's shot glass idea from kamikaze rockets is a really great idea. Any chance you plan to carve out a shot glass from same material as Rox? I'm buying the whiskey rox but they will be for my scotch. Agreed with the comments below, lets see a scotch rox option. Ideally I would be able to fit one into a glencairn glass. Hi Zach, great stuff here and I'm excited to back it! Your Bartender pledge says that some restrictions apply... what are those restrictions? i vote for Scotch Rox too. great idea! Er... Throw my vote in. I'd like to trow my vote in for a "Scotch Rox" option. I gotta say I thinking about upping my pledge since these will make great little gifts. How heavy is each rock? I have a crown for one of my front teeth and I am concerned about it getting damaged from the rocks clinking into it as I near the bottom of my drink. Please give us the option regardless of which size we are choosing to pick which bag label we would like to receive. Hey Zack, for the early bird set of 8 whisky or wine, it wont let me add $10 for shipping to Canada as it says. It forces the 15 dollar shipping cost. My address under my kickstarter profile is Canadian. If this hits near or over $100000, can you produce 6xxx sets and how long will that take to fulfill ? Stretch goal? @Jerad Clark - Your question is answered in the FAQ on the main page: Are Rox reusable? Yes, you will wear out before your Rox do. After each use just rinse them off in the sink and place them back in the freezer. Pledged almost just to ask this question: How do you clean these? Rinse in the sink? :) I just backed with $60 - How do I specify which sets I want? @Creater (Zach), I'm curious if there's going to be much of a delay, considering the huge amount of interest there is in your project, and how you're getting these made, ie. are you and others you know doing it personally or are you outsourcing it somewhere (ie. Some place that could cope with such a huge demand) Lonervamp, he compares to competitor's products, as these are larger and cheaper (According to the project page, no idea personally), but I wouldn't say there's a need to put it as a risk, as they've already gone 8x the $2500 aim, and there's still 25 days to go. How is this any different from Whiskey Stones, which have been on sale for years now? Are you passing this off as an original product? If nothing else, this concern probably should be addressed in the risks section. i got 2 soapstones as part of a whisky glass set a few weeks ago. So excited to see them here! I gotta get 4 sets!! Thank you for answering questions. staci, i think this is much better (and easier to read graph) <url>"Scotch Rox"? This is how you do business. F great idea guys! Keep it up! So if i want to order 2 sets of beer rox in canada is in 14+10+14? or 14+10 +14+10? Do i need to add more shipping? Dear Zach, I'd like to find out how your product is differentiated from the following: <url>" for coffee and whiskey.... and 1.25" for beer rox? What's the difference between the whiskey, coffee, and beer rox? I'm guessing size... what are the dimensions for each?