Something terrible has happened in Romero, Mississippi... Evil is on the loose... Who can save us? Rednecks, of course! Zombie Stompin' Rednecks, to be specific! Zombie Stomp is a stand-alone miniatures game of redneck-vs.-zombie combat, using the ECS game engine developed by Team Frog Studios. This is the same system that powers "Super-Powered Miniatures Combat" as well as the upcoming "SuperFogeys" game. It will also be the system behind the majority of our releases this year, making it easier for folks to play our games! Each game will include some unique content related to the theme, plus a diverse and creative (and often amusing) background. Game play is fast and furious, with the players having the opportunity to run through large and complex scenarios in a single session, often 2 hours or less. This allows for less time setting up to play, and more time actually shooting stuff! Some of the games are basic competitive (like Critter Commandos, which pits small forces against each other), while others are similar in form and structure to role playing adventures - one or more players work through a situation controlled by a game master who runs all the bad guys. And the rules are free-form enough that you can certainly build whatever scenarios and situations you wish with them. What We Are Doing Zombie Stomp is a stand alone game that will also be 100% compatible with the forthcoming new edition of Vampire Hunter$ (the Franchise Edition) that will be out by around GenCon 2013. This product gets into the base rules for monster hunting, weapons, and even rules for trucks. The overall base scenario involves escaping the growing zombie horde as you run across the tiny town of Romero, Mississippi. You'll encounter various locations along the way (some of which may get new names if certain reward levels are chosen...see below!). Ultimately, however, it is expected the survivors will end up making a last stand in that icon of American Consumerism - the MegaLoMart! The base product we will be producing will be the rulebook and black & white cardstock standups. Anyone who pledges at a level that includes the rulebook in any form will automatically get the PDF of the MegaLoMart map as well. And we will have available the Printed version of the map of the MegaLoMart in black & white included with certain pledge levels, or for a small additional charge. Wasn't this an adventure for Vampire Hunter$? Actually, we did do an adventure under this name for Vampire Hunter$ d20/OGL. This time, however, the town of Romero is greatly expanded and detailed, we've included even more cool stuff, and this one uses a whole new & different system. One that doesn't waste time with that silly "roleplayoing" stuff. So while they share a name, the two are not compatible and this will be so much cooler...:D Stretch Goals This is a modest project, with modest goals. As such, I will share with you some fairly modest stretch goals we have set for the project. $1250 - We will add a map of the Parasol Industries facility to the game. It will be included with the PDF version for free, and be available printed for a $5 additional pledge. $1500 - This will unlock a completely redone map for the MegaLoMart, done in color. Everyone who gets a book of one version or another will receive the PDF for no additional charge. And the printed version will be available as well for a $10 additional pledge. $1750 - This will unlock maps of both the Diner and City Hall in color. Anyone who is getting a rulebook in any form will receive the PDF for no additional charge, and printed versions will be available for a $5 additional pledge for each. $2000 - A premier Zombie Stomper, chosen by you! Throughout the Kickstarter we will be voting to see who this will be. Once this goal is met, we will lock in who this Stomper will be! (See below for details on where and how to vote!) And the figure will be based on... ALICE! You can get one for just a $5 addition to you pledge! $2500 - At this level, there are 3 rewards, both connected to the upcoming new Edition of Vampire Hunter$ using these same rules! One) Stat cards using this system for the entire existing miniatures line in full color. Everyone will get the PDF version, and anyone at the Stomper level and above will receive a printed version with their rulebooks. Two) Anyone who pledges at least $5 (earning them the PDF rulebook) will also receive the PDF of the new Vampire Hunter$ new rulebook when it is released this fall. Three) Anyone receiving a physical book from us (i.e. people at $15 and more) will also receive, AT NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE, 2 free minis of their choice from the existing VAMPIRE HUNTER$ figure line...:D (Originally, this was only going to be for the people who had already pledged to get us to $2500...but now its for EVERYONE!) $3000 - Another premier Zombie Stomper, also chosen by you! When this goal is met, the leading vote getter will be locked in as this Stretch Goal! Update: We've hit this goal! And the Locked In figure is - Zombie Alice! ( a zombie version of the figure we locked in at $2000, a figure influenced by Alice from the Resident Evil movies!). $3500 - We will produce an illustrated Novella, telling the sad tale of the last days of Romero, Missisippi. It will feature all of the Reward Level characters by name, and lots of pictures. Everyone at the $5 level or higher will receive the PDF, and we'll make a printed version available for a nominal cost (to be determined). We have other ideas, but the results are up to you! Voting on the Figures from the Stretch Goals Voting is Now Open! CLICK HERE! Add Ons The first Add on for Zombie Stomp is the ability to add in your kids to Romero. For a $10 additional pledge, we will include your child's name and likeness into the game as a member of the Romero High School Marching Band, or as a random Mall Rat in a illustration in the game. They will also have their own card (like the named levels below starting at $40 on up). State your preference of Band Member or Mall Rat and I will try an accommodate you. For an additional $10 pledge, you can add an additional printed book to your pledge. STARTER ZOMBIE HORDE! While I feel a little bad that I don't have a lot of zombies to offer you myself, I do have this for you... Through a very Special Arrangement with my friends at Reaper Miniatures, I am able to offer you all a special deal on some excellent zombies they make. Through this Kickstarter only, you can get the above miniatures from their lines, all perfect for use in Zombie Stomp, normally a $67.93 value, for just a $50 additional pledge. That's more than 25% off (thanks, Ed!) and gets you off and running on a ravening horde of your very own! Reward Levels You receive our undying thanks, and your name on the product's website. Everything from Fresh Meat level, plus you get your name in the product, and you receive the PDF version of the final book. Everything from Victim level, plus you get the printed version of the game book. Everything from Survivor level, plus the printed black & white map of the MegaLoMart. Everything from Survivor level, plus printed color cardstock standups. Everything from Stomper level, plus you also will have your likeness made into a zombie in the game. This reward is limited to 8 people. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Pizza Guy from Pizza Delivery Dudes of Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a clerk at the 5&Dime in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Fitness Instructor in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Shoe Shine guy in downtown Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a National Guardsman in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Tow Truck Driver in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Waitress from the Diner in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Truck Driver for MegaLoMart in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Pimp in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Hairdresser at the "Curl Up & Dye Salon" in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Paramedica in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Bouncer in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Head Cheerleader from Romero High School in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Football Coach at Romero High School, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Principal of Romero High School, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Town Drunk in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Band Director at Romero High School, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Bartender in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Mail Carrier in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of <your name here's> Filling Station in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Teacher at Romero High School, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the religious leader at the main church in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of <your name here's> Barber Shop in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Security Guard at the Parasol Industries facility in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of the "Possum King" restaurant in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Editor in Chief of the Romero Daily Sentinel in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Fire Fighter in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Nurse in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Police Officer in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Fire Chief in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will be named as a Doctor in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will be named as a Dentist in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Owner of the abandoned Amusement Park in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Sheriff in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the National Guard Commander on the scene in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a senior executive at Parasol Industries, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Mayor of Romero, Mississippi, receive the Key to the City, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you'll be certified as Redneck of the Year, plus the Cover of the Game will be re-worked with a likeness of you (replacing the current art), you will receive a framed color copy of the cover, autographed by the artist and with a certificate proving it really is you, a custom T-Shirt with the art on it, and your copy of the game will be autographed by the author and the publisher. Only 1 person can do this reward. Work progresses on both KS projects. Real updates this weekend. Don't panic. -Paul I expect to have a completed PDF version in your hands the weekend of October 20th. And I will have additional preview pages made available to you before then as well. The maps are going to be done as PDFs this week, and I will distribute them as well. By the 20th, I should have a schedule as to when the maps and the main book will be ready. The illustrated novella is taking longer than planned, but it will get done, and shipped separately as soon as possible. My apologies for the delays, and my appreciation for the continued patience. -Paul See below a small sample of the weird-ass layout I am doing for Zombie Stomp and the Novella...yes, there will be some common elements used between them (as if I could avoid that) but the novella will also have a lot of stuff not in the book... Map samples tomorrow, really...:D I get all set to do an update after work last night and then the storms come in, knock out the power and internet. The power came back in a few minutes, but the Internet was out at home until sometime after I fell asleep waiting for it. (Oh, and the tornado that killed people was not near us (that was south of Ft. Worth and we are on the east side of DFW airport) but I appreciate the concern of those who messaged about that. We're fine, and only lost power for a while. No damage. And there are options available to assist the families hurt in all that, and I encourage you to support those.) My Health For those interested, the surgery was successful and the pain in my arm is gone! I'm still taking lots of pain killers, but now it is for the post-surgical stuff and that is (mostly) fading each day. I'll also toss in this - if you live in the DFW area and must have some kind of surgical procedure, you could do a lot worse than having it done at Victory Medical Center in Plano. Great staff, great facility...I don't gush about much, but this was by far the most pleasant hospital experience I can remember. The Rulebook The rules are virtually complete (I am adding a small something we came up with late) and layout is moving apace. The art work is in process, and we should have sample pages up through the weekend. I *think* have everyone's pictures, so there are no delays I see there. If you didn't send your picture in, you don't really have any time left - do it now! After Sunday will absolutely be too late. The Novella This is running slower, mostly due to the effect of painkillers on the creative process...apparently fist fulls of hydrocodone and tramadol are detrimental to coming up with effective prose. Who knew? I'm working on it alongside the rulebook, and once the layout is done there I can spend more time on that. The Maps These are virtually complete, and I should be sending them to the printer by the end of next week. I will toss up a couple more images for y'all soon too. The Figures There is a small delay here, but if I can't work that out quickly enough I will not delay the other parts for them. I have a Plan B for that if needed, but I won't share it until I'm certain i can't make Plan A work. Overall So we got delayed, and for that I am very grateful for everyone's patience. The whole arm pain/neck/nerve pinch/surgery/neck fusion saga took a lot out of me, and it bugs me more than all of you that it delayed the project. Expect to see some new pieces this weekend. A Bonus Michael Nunn (our art director) has two different projects he is working on relating to zombies. Once I know which will be done first, I'll let all of y'all know...and I'll be giving y'all a PDF of it as a "thank you" for the patience and support. Thanks! Paul Okay, I'm not dead, I'm not in Rio with all the loot, and I haven't given up on the project. Between surgery, recovering from surgery, and evil day job, I have not had time to update y'all. And I don't at the moment, either. Tonight I will post a comprehensive update. Thank you for your patience. -Paul Please see the below link for a miuch belated BONUS map...and a sincerely apology for the delay. CLICK HERE! I am working on getting back on track...hope this helps for y'all's massive patience...:D -Paul Very short update to explain why you haven't seen any updates from me recently. Apparently I somehow managed to pinch a nerve in my neck, and it is causing all kinds of pain in my neck, my shoulder, and down my arm. Some of it mirrors carpal tunnel, and its no fun. Using a mouse, for instance, can cause my arm to feel like its been hooked up to electricity. I've been to the Dr. a couple of times and am now sucking down painkillers like candy...and anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxants, too. Its a little better...so now I should be able to get back to it. My apologies for the delays...I should have some new stuff to show you tonight and through the weekend. -Paul We've smashed the $3000 Stretch Goal... ...and the locked in figure will be... A zombie version of the Alice figure we locked in at $2000! Tremendous Thanks to All of the Backers! If you would like the figure now that it is locked in, an additional pledge of $5 added to your total will make it happen for you! $3500 Stretch Goal! At $3500 we will produce an Illustrated Novella of the downfall of Romero...will this happen? A PDF version will be given to everyone for FREE should we reach this goal, and a printed version will be available for an additional $10 pledge. If all the backers added $10, we'd hit this immediately! $4000 Stretch Goal? Is $4000 in the cards? If we hit $4000, we'll do the 2nd place vote getter from the last poll - a figure based on Roddy Piper from "They Live." Thanks again to everyone for where we are! We're just 24 hours away from the end of this Kickstarter! What a run this has been! In less than 2 weeks we rushed past our base funding goal and added a whole stack of Stretch Goals! New Maps, a new figure, and more! Just to make sure everyone pledges for what they want, here is a run down of all the current add-ons. +$10 - add your kid as a Mall Rat or a Band Member +$10 - extra copy of the printed book +$50 - Starter Zombie Horde of 18 high quality Reaper Miniatures (by special arrangement) +$5 - Printed Parasol Industries facility map (PDF already included free) +$10 - Printed color MegaLoMart Map (PDF already included free) +$5 - Printed Diner Map (PDF already included free) +$5 - Printed City Hall map (PDF already included free) +$5 - new Zombie Stomper inspired by Alice (from the Resident Evil movies) When we reach the $3000 Stretch Goal, you'll be able to add that figure for another $5 (voting continues!). And when we reach the $3500 Stretch Goal, you'll be able to add a printed version of the Illustrated Novella for $10 (PDF of same included free). Will we make it? I sure hope so! Thanks again,and watch out for the Dead! -Paul Originally, I had offered that those that were pledged to the project when we hit $2500, if we hit that goal last Wednesday night, they would get 2 figures of their choice from the existing Vampire Hunter$ line FOR FREE! After some thought and a few questions, I have decided that EVERYONE who is getting a physical shipment from us (Reward Levels of $15 or more) will get those figures as well! Just another way of me saying "thank you!" to all of you...this has been a lot of fun so far, and it looks to only get better! Tomorrow at some point, I will post as an update two things - the history of PARASOL INDUSTRIES, and a short story about the last days of Romero High School's lunch lady titled "Today's Special"...:D (This story will also serve as an example of what I will be doing for many of you in the game...:D BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAhahahaha...ha...ha...ahem.) (And no, you can't get the Lunch Lady as your Reward Level...my wife requested that before we started, and since I like living here I said "okay..." :D) Thanks again for all the great support! We're less than 2 days from the Beginning of the End of Romero, Mississippi...:D We still have several prominent positions in Romero available, so let your friends and family know if you think they might want to be a part of it! When we hit $3000, we'll lock in another miniature (Zombie Alice has taken the lead in the voting!)! Once he or she is locked in, you'll be able to get one for a $5 additional pledge. And when we hit $3500, we'll add an Illustrated Novella that tells the tale of end of Romero in words and pictures. Everyone will get the PDF of it for free, and you'll be able to buy a limited edition printed version for a $10 additional pledge. This project is only succeeding because of you, and for that I am truly grateful. If you would like to see the additional items from the Stretch Goals,I ask your help to achieve them as well. And get them Zombies before they get you! We've already come a long way, and for that I truly have to thank you all! We're currently working on the $3000 Stretch Goal...if you'd like to see us lock in another figure, then please help get the word out! Also, voting continues...currently Roddy Piper leads by 2 votes, followed closely by Zombie Alice! But anyone that got about 6 more votes would definitely take the lead, so don't give up hope! Find your friends, stuff the ballot box, and make it happen! This project wraps up on Sunday night at 8PM CST...help us reach for the stars! We've achieved the $2500 goal! That unlocked stat cards for all of the existing Vampire Hunter$ figures as well as guaranteed all backers pledging at least $5 for Zombie Stomp a copy of the PDF for Vampire Hunter$ when it comes out in the Fall! And now on to $3000! We're moving on toward the $3000 goal, which is to lock in another figure...and here is the link to the Poll! CLICK HERE! And after that, it's $3500 and the Illustrated Novella! :D Okay...here's a challenge...if we get to $2500 tonight, I'll give everyone who is an active backer and receiving some kind of physical product from the project their choice of TWO of the current Vampire Hunter$ miniatures for FREE. As the price is actually going up, that's $8 in free metal...so can we find a few more backers tonight? :D We've raced past the $2000 mark and we're locking in the first Stomper. After the voting (and a piece of information came to me that broke a tie), the first Stomper will be ...&lt;drumroll&gt;.... based on... ALICE! (Y'all can tell me which outfit you like the best, but I think the classic is a god place to start...:D) Thank You All! The Secret Goal at $2500 will be revealed later this afternon...BWAHAHAHAhahahahahaha..ha...ha...ahem. I've added all the roles I am going to, so if you want a chance to be a named part of Romero, Mississippi and it's downfall, this will be it. Oh, and if you really wanna be a Zombie, we can help you out there, too! Voting Voting is almost done...as we are almost at the goal for the first locked in figure...besure and get your vote in soon and help us lock it in! CLICK HERE! Amazing! We've smashed the $1750 goal, and now we'll have maps of the Diner and City Hall to die, err, fight in! Everyone getting any version of the rulebook or better will get these as PDFs for NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE! $2000 and the FIRST STOMPER! At $2000 we'll lock in the first stomper, and we need your help! Even if you don't plan on getting the figures, we still want your votes! Tell your friends! Vote Chicago style (early and often!)! CLICK HERE! Once we have the goal locked in, I will give you a 3-6 hour warning and then the first poll will be over! We just smashed through $1500 like a train, and are moving quickly to $1750...and I've made it better! At $1750, this will unlock maps of both the Diner and City Hall in color. Anyone who is getting a rulebook in any form will receive the PDFs for NO additional charge, and printed versions will be available for a $5 additional pledge for each. And at $2000 we will unlock our first miniature! Speaking of which, here is the link to the poll: CLICK HERE! Thanks for the Amazing Support! Assuming we hit the $1500 Stretch Goal, we will unlock the map of the MegaLoMart...and here is a sample of the map artist's work! Definitely worth it! First Stretch Goal Smashed! Well, as I write this, we're $5 away from the first Stretch goal...so as far as I'm concerned we've hit it! The map of the Parasol Industries facility will be created and included as a PDF for everyone! If you want the printed color version of the map, increase your pledge a mere $5 for it and it shall be yours! 11 x 17, full color, and marked with 1" squares for ease of play! Second Stretch Goal Now In Our Sights! $1500 This will unlock a completely redone map for the MegaLoMart, done in color. Everyone who gets a book of one version or another will receive the PDF for no additional charge. And the printed version will be available as well for a $10 additional pledge. And Add Ons! After several Requests, I've added 2 Add-Ons - extra books, and bringing in your kids! For an additional pledge of $10 each, you can add an additional printed copy of the rules to your pledge... and For $10 per kid, you can have us add your kid as a Band Member or a Mall Rat! Now your kids can join you in the upcoming misery that is Romero, Mississippi! Let us know which you prefer and we'll get 'em in the game! And An Additional Bonus Freebie! We've decided that we will be making character cards not just for the characters we had planned, but also for everyone one of the named reward levels that people take us up on, as well as for all the kids who get spaces, too! Yet another way to achieve Immortality! Thanks again for all your amazing support! Thank you to all of you! I am humbled and gratified by your response to the project, and reaching the initial funding level in just 2 days is just Amazing...:D I've reworked the Stretch Goals (I had made a boo-boo and left something in at $1250 that did *not* make sense...) and so now we will see how many of those we will be able to hit! The first one, at just $1250, will be a map of the Parasol Industries facility, just outside town. Parasol Industries is the world's largest commercial enterprise, and they are involved in businesses ranging from defense contracts to genetic manipulation, chemical companies to retail stores, just to name a few. They are the parent company of many big companies you know, including the beloved MegaLoMart chain. Parasol Industries maintains the facility in Romero in support of Camp Carpenter, and the Corman Advanced Chemical Weapons Center. No oneis quite certain what they do there, but we're all sure that it is legal, above board, and above reproach. Right? The PDF of the map will be included for no additional charge for everyone getting at least the PDF rulebook, and a printed version of the map will be available as an add-on for $5 added to your pledge. So thank you again for your support, I think you'll like what we're doing! -Paul Pointing out that the storm knocked my cellular modem (www.clear.com) offline was one night, and Bayushi Koichi's comment about no storms was the next would be redundant, right? And Denis, no alien excuses on this game, they aren't in it. There will be an update on the order of what was suggested below before I go to bed this evening. Look, I have to schedule time with the artist, and I can't do that until I know what people want. Y'all rightly want the book completed and so do I. If I don't set a deadline for letting me know, how can I do that? And what's to stop 1 person from endlessly delaying this because a little line is in the wrong place? I am trying to work with everyone, I really am. There are about 6 people who seem to want line drawings. If they can't figure that out in the next day and a half I'm not sure how long they need. And I never agreed to individual approvals on pictures. We'll do the best we can. I already paid out money to someone to try and get realistic art and that blew up in my face. Cartoony art can look somewhat like people but not like a picture. And that is subjective. As I said, we'll do the best we can. As I thought I had covered (but maybe not): The original plan was to send the photos to the artist to make line drawings for the book. That blew up for various reasons. So then I was going to use the photos (in various forms and photo-shopped various ways) to be the illustrations. And some folks got upset. So if you want it to be a line drawing, I need to know by tomorrow midnight CDT so i can get the pics done in the next week or so. If you are okay with photos, say nothing. I will not be running anything past people for review at this point, so please be clear on how you'd like to be depicted. (on a side note, there would not be an issue with the pic I used, Marie, as it is legally a "collage" - her face pasted on a clip art waitress head and shoulders dropped into another picture...) Seriously? That's acceptable? I can probably arrange that. Anyone that just can't stand the idea of their actual photo used in an illustration go ahead and let me know, and a picture drawn in the same style (and by the same person) as the sample cover art will be done for you. Send me a direct message if this is what you want. Joseph, I have you down for that. I've been killing myself trying to get stuff a whole lot more realistic done and apparently that wasn't what people want. Go figure... Is the issue that we didn't change things enough? If I had done this - <url>"Raiders of the Lost Ark" posters where the people look exactly like the people, would that have been a problem as well? A drawn picture (if done correctly) will look like the source, as that is why you use a model to draw from. That the pictures *didn't* look anything like the source is why I had to boot the other guy. Many illustrators use photos in their work - different degrees of modification - but basically photos. Tim Bradstreet built a career around light tabling photos...and they look like their source pictures...wish I could afford him, but that is beside the point. If y'all would prefer more modification of the photos so their is some ambiguity, I'll see what I can do. - Alan, my bad, I'll fix the spelling error with your name. - I said the refunds would come with the book, Joe. I said that here, and I said it more than once. - And a photo can be considered an illustration, Jerry. And photos actually work better for this than I expected. - John, I'll change yours so you won't feel embarrassed by it. - And yes Sven, the solution was to take photos sent in and make the art from that. Considering what I've been chasing behind the scenes and the lack of success at finding someone in the remaining budget who can actually draw something that looks like the source...let's just say that I can do a better job...and I used to apologize to the models in life drawing for how badly I botched their likeness. - ALL - those aren't final, but most of the way...I think they work (in general) and am moving down that path to get this thing done. (Back to way-too-busy/lurking-mode) All I can say is this: To Mr. Berglowe, I am humbled and honored by your single-minded dedication to seeing me fail and this project collapse. I have never had an anti-cheerleader/stalker before, and it's an amazing experience. I truly hope this is an amazing experience for you as well, and that you won't be too terribly disappointed when I actually deliver. To everyone else - I will have an update shortly and you will (hopefully) be pleased by it. -Paul John - that is not how this will conclude. Jerry - I have about half of those done, and the rest should be complete in a day or so...having to do them piecemeal. They will now appear in the book, and a preview of what I am doing will be up tonight. As I mentioned in another thread, I came up with a way to do it right after posting that the art was not what we needed. After a few more calls, I should be able to put together a better timeline for you this weekend. That is part of the weekend update...truly! I am sorry for the lack of responsiveness...I can't put together a real update right now, but will have more info and a timeline for all of you by Thursday night. And (hopefully) I will be able to show you (many) more pages of the book at that time, too. I want to do something for the players at GenCon, too...Jerry, send me a direct message and we'll discuss what we can do for them. Jerry, you *will* have rules. The book won't be printed then, but you *will* have the rules to print out at the very least... Base layout is almost complete, and artwork is at about 50%...should have the base character cards by this weekend. I will post what I have of the layout once that is locked in place (even if the art isn't ready yet. Thanks for your patience! You'll have them one way or another...:D How many sessions did you sign up to run? Just posted a couple of pictures...and more will come through the week... Progress is slow but progressing...more sneak peaks will be happening the next few days...:D We did something like with a "Toy War" game years ago at a convention. The rule was "You Kill It, You Keep It!" and I provided about $50-$100 of toys I bought at an outlet mall. People went crazy...:D That is excellent! Rest assured, you will have your book before then! (Oh, and we'll likely have Reaper Miniatures carry the books for sale, too...:D) Actually, yes. The pain in my arm had gotten so bad that I was at a virtual standstill on everything. I tolerated what I could for the day job and came home miserable. Yesterday, I went in and had surgery (ACDF Surgery for those interested) and they took out 2 disks and are fusing three vertebrae. While I am still a little iffy from the procedure, I can tell you thatmy arm is great! Give me a couple of days to get my head back and we'll be full steam ahead...and I am taking a total of 2 weeks off the day job, so all I am doing is sleeping and my projects...thank you for your patience! -Paul I let them in because of my end... The MRI has indeed shown what is wrong - herniated disc in my neck and the most likely solution will be surgery (ACDF surgery for those interested)... not sure how soon I'll have to do it. Project has been slowed but we'll still get there...thank you all for your patience... Sorry for being incommunicado, folks. The MRI did not go well as I ended up in tremendous pain while laying there (I haven't slept flat in a bed in almost 2 months), and had to stop in the middle. I go back tonight and will be doped to the gills in the hope that I'll be able to get through it. We will see movement on things this weekend for real...hoping to pass along a bit of an Easter surprise for you. And we should be able to get the books together and figures done by the end of April at the latest. If you haven't sent your pictures, send them to <email> as soon as possible... Thanks for the incredible patience! -Paul Someone just sent me a link to these....in case waiting for minis is too much, or you just want a big mob... <url>"life" in it than the day job...:/ You obviously have never visited my day job...:D Look good? Compared to Zombies? All you have to do with that is be vertical and breathing...:D I'll have to charge you, of course...:D ::ducking:: That'll be fine...lemme know if you really want that, and I can probably send you the files..:D Got 'em, thanks! Frankenweenie was cute...I'm trying to find pics of the sea monkeys as a model...:D Robb, get out more...see a movie or something...you're scaring me...:D I can do that... You will also have the ability to add to your pledge (i.e. pledge pricing instead of retail pricing...which will be cheaper!) and get additional stuff when I send that later this week. Lunch lady stoey is coming! Here's a peek...a short look at the history of Parasol... Parasol Industries Parasol Industries was founded in 1745 in Warwickshire, England as “The Parasol Companie.” Specialising in parasols for the discerning ladies of society, the company prospered for many years. They supplied them to the Royal family, as well as most of the House of Lords. Harold Watkins was very proud of his company, and expected his sons to carry on his work. They did, after a fashion. Two years after Harold passed away, his sons Arthur and Lionel decided to expand their business. They purchased a restaurant that was adjacent to their factory, and thus expanded into food service. The next year, the brothers found themselves acquiring both a farm and a cobbler’s shop. Within another 40 years, the family owned businesses as diverse as a sugar plantation in the Bahamas to a toy factory in Switzerland. This pattern has continued through the decades and centuries, and now Parasol Industries has operations in 162 countries, 17 territories, and 2 sub-orbital facilities. It wasn’t until the mid-1800s that Parasol acquired it’s first armaments company, but once it had, it appeared they found something they liked very much. Their acquisitions in this area continued at a more rapid pace than in any other. The bulk of their income is derived from energy companies and defense contracts. While no longer family owned, the Watkins family still controls the majority of the seats on the Board, and Watkins family members are the only ones ever considered for Chairman, CEO, and President. One of the secrets of Parasol’s power is the corporate web they hide their control behind. Most of their possessions do not even realize they are controlled by them, it is buried that deep. It is not at all unusual for them to control both sides of a market, and use those companies to stimulate sales through directly competing - with itself! The Parasol Industries facility in Romero, Mississippi was placed there in support of the Corman Advanced Chemical Weapons Research Facility. What they are doing there is considered to be classified “Top Secret,” but not all of what they do there is for the U.S. Government. In fact, one could argue that very little of what they do is for the U.S. Government, regardless of who is paying for it. Go look at your Reaper zombie strippers and we'll have some preview stuff tonight, okay? :D well, I intend to keep y'all involved as we get the book together, and give you peeks as things get completed...:D Don't make me send the hordes after you already! The figures are Alice & Zombie Alice...we didn't make it to Roddy Piper (at least not now...:D)...we can settle extra figures and such when I do the survey...and due to the names part of the rewards, I need to do that in the next couple of days...:D That's gonna be a lot of fun to write, too...:D Good man! Yes, please make notes on all the extra last minute stuff or we'll all forget...:D That was too much fun! And I even snuck in the "Achieved" sign for the $3500 at the end! we'll do something extra special for you, Jerry! Thanks, Jerry! Yahoo!!!! We did it! Always the best answer..."It's for the children!" Whatever you'd like, Alan...:D fun fun! Okay...I suppose...hopefully its a good one and not a cheap one, Alan...:D The way he talks about it is kinda creepy, but it's damn sweet...:D That'd be fun...:D Even that gun that Terry Crews uses in Expendables...:D Send more cops...send more medical technicians...:D nom nom nom nom... okay...if that works as enough incentive...or even "they can be armed with the weapon of their choice, no matter how weird, as long as it could possibly exist in the U.S. today." That work? :D So close...so close...:D Yes you can...and you would not be the only one doing that...:D I'd pledge it myself if they let me...:D Certainly possible...:D Neither do I...lot of them asked and I said "sure"...bet they regret it now...:D I'm sure they'll get over it...:D Just hit Facebook again...I may lose a few FB friends over the number of times I've hammered this one...:D Just $90 to go for the Novella! Thanks, Tom. I think we'll get there...don't worry! Tom, Holy Man is open...if you want to switch, you sure can...:D Oh, and if you want them, you can also buy Critter Commandos squads for $10/4 figures...(i.e. frogs/dogs/rats would be $20)...if anyone wants them from this crowd...:D I appreciate that, Jerry...I have several pieces of high weirdness coming along in the next several months (including a related but *non-gaming* project we'll be kickstarting), and I'd love to see y'all along for the ride...:D Umm, okay...ROTAG! counts as 2, and the rest are per figure (i.,e. Bambi & Thump'r are 2 for this purpose)...that seem fair to y'all? True...heck, the sane wouldn't survive in my apartment...:D Well, I'll make sure that on each person's copy of the Illustrated Novella, I'll hand write in a comment on the page/pages where you appear so your friends will know it really is you...:D Y'all are officially insane, by the way...:D We could do that if you want...prints for $5 each...do it! It actually looks like either end would suck to be on the receiving end of...:D That looks like that would hurt...I like it! Thanks, Leisa! Woo Hoo! Only $175 until the Stretch Goal! And then we can try for Roddy! Okay, just found it...very cool...any particular model of it you want? Send me a link...:D I'll make sure...just as soon as I figure out what that tool is...:D Well, if you and a few others did that, we would *have* the goal met for the book...:D But the choice is yours...no pressure. I'll try to be creative...and it might be you get turned as we first see you...all depends...:D Each will be as appropriate as it can be... and if, for some reason, you don't want to be killed "on screen", I'll try and work that as well...(my wife made that request...:D) Hasslefree makes the Scooby-Doo gang under another name...great figures...and no, that's not quite what I meant... I will be the "Local Writer" who is essentially the narrator of the sad tale...which does mean I survive more than most, but not forever as this is a Zombie world, and virtually everyone gets it in the end...:D (Or however many extra you add...you get it...) You would get everything with it as if you had done them as two separate pledges...so 2 books, maps, etc... We can probably work something out for you if necessary...:D BTW, if anyone at one of the named Reward levels wishes to *also* add a "zombie" reward level for a friend, I can do that...same price ($40) added to your current pledge, and send me a separate direct message (not here) so I know and don't oversell them...:D Had a couple of people ask, so I figured I would mention it. -Paul Still trying to see the downside, Bayushi...:D I always wanted to be Fred anyway...he and Daphne would wander off together by themselves, and Shaggy, Scooby, and Velma did all the work...and he and Daphne were workin' it...:D Or he comes out to scare the "kids" and gets eatem by zombie Mall Rats...:D That's why it's in there...although I think his fate will be different than in the average Scooby-Doo story line...:D "Owner of the Old Amusement Park" "And I would gotten away with it too, if weren't for you darned kids!" Just sayin'...:D I really want to do it, so it seems like its possible...:D People backing out is part of Kickstarter...unlike some projects, though, I won't take it back when I say we've met a goal and then things change...I'm sure some more folks will see the merits of what we are doing and we'll jump back over it and then some shortly...:D Huh? It appears that $3000 is a rubber/glass ceiling...we can see beyond it, but not get past it or stay there...:D No worries...I think we will get past it...we have plenty of roles/reward levels still open for people who find us at the last minute...I know I'd love to do the Novella as well for you all! I certainly wouldn't mind it...:D Nope...$10 extra for international backers total. Thanks for joining us! That happens, no worried about that...:D Someone bailed a little while after I declared the goal beaten, then a couple of others popped it up again...:D Amazing! Y'all really wanted that Zombie Alice is seems! We're locked in on that, and now we get to see if we'll be putting together that Illustrated Novella! Thanks to Everyone! Well, we now have more voters than than backers...:D And it looks like Zombie Alice by a landslide...as soon as that $25 is pledged, I'll lock in Zombie Alice as the $3000 Stretch Goal figure! And now it's still Roddy Piper in the lead, with Zombie Alice trailing by three, and Van Helsing 3 more back from that...as soon as we get $25 more, the choice will be made! WOW, the voting is really heating up! Roddy Piper has jumped into the lead now by five votes, with Zombie Alice and Van Helsing tied for second, 5 votes back! And with only $25 to go, someone could lock this in right now just by increasing their pledge just $25...not that I'm suggesting anything...:D Thanks, Leisa! Just checked the totals again, and Zombie Alice leads...but a surprise come from behind has Van Helsing in second place by 3 votes, and Roddy Piper another 4 votes behind that...anything can happen...we're just $45 from funding and locking in that figure...the tension is killing me! :D Woo Hoo! Zombie Alice is the current leader in the voting...but just 5 separate her from Roddy Piper...and we're almost to $3k, so if you want something other than Zombie Alice, now is the time...and *anything on the list can beat her with as few as 11 more votes...so do it Chicago style - early and often! "Redneck Zombies"? What's so bad about that movie? To help build the mod for your games, I thought I would list for you some of the zombie movies I like that inspired this game: The Romero "Dead" films: Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead, Land of the Dead, Survival of the Dead Return of the Living Dead & Return of the Living Dead 2 (the rest of that series feels like they were produced for $50 and a case of beer each, so...) Shaun of the Dead Resident Evil movies Zombieland Dawn of the Dead (the Zach Snyder one) Anyone care to add others to the "must watch" Zombie movie list? It's still Friday here ( at least for another 71 minutes...:D)...I don't have to go into work, but I do have the laptop in case work finds *me*...:D So, everyone a Zombie now? :D Part of what I wanted to learn was "could i make something worthwhile in half the time most projects go?" And the answer is undeniably "yes!" While I would be lying to say that I don't want/need a $1,000,000 project, I am very satisfied with where we are...I am hoping we'll get to $3500, as that was something that occurred to me after we started the Kickstarter and I think it would be a lot of fun to do! And everyone's comments and questions have certainly shaped the project! Thank you to everyone for your involvement and ideas! Well, it was actualy a bit of an experiment. This is a smaller project than SuperFogeys for us, and not nearly as involved as something like Reaper's recent one...so I wanted to see what would happen with a shorter time interval...I've learned a bit already, and will likely learn more before we're done. And all of it will help when we set up for "Critter Commandos Evolution" in March...:D Yes, it sure will be...all the books for the "named" reward levels will be...:D Brian, message sent! :D I'm sure we can work that out...:D Amazing! Very cool! And all 40 of the current backers get 2 free figures from the Vampire Hunter$ line! And now, on to $3000 and the next figure! I'll get the poll up shortly! Oh, and remember that we are unlocking *two* goals on top of the free figures...stat cards for all the existing figures *and* everyone who backs Zombie Stomp! will get the PDF for Vampire Hunter$ when it comes out this Fall! Just $20 more! Amazing! We are so close! Hey, I understand...:D Thanks, Leisa! Those are some great zombies, so I'm sure you'l have fun with them! ROTAG! is just a fun one...I figured we need a rampaging monster and that one wandered across my desk...technically he a conversion of an old fantasy figure, but after I added that I-beam I thought he looked cool...:D All reward levels of Stomper and higher get the printed color cardstock standups! Another $130 and it's free figures for everyone! Oh, and I should have mentioned that I'm okay with people choosing ROTAG! as one of them, even if he *is* the most expensive one in the line...:D That works! Okay...here's a challenge...if we get to $2500 tonight, I'll give everyone who is an active back and receiving some kind of physical product from the project their choice of TWO of the current Vampire Hunter$ miniatures for FREE. As the price is actually going up, that's $8 in free metal...so can we find a few more backers tonight? :D While I can see the appeal for some folks, I think there are at least two places where this would blow up in my face...but i will keep it in mind, and maybe it will find itself in a future Kickstarter or other project we produce. But I truly appreciate the creative ideas...and keep them coming! Remind me at the end and I'll make sure you have it!...:D It *is* related to level of importance in the story...so expect to see the Mayor show up more than the Pizza guy, for instance...:D I would most definitely like to put it together, that is for sure...:D No, but y'all will all get the PDFs as well, so you can print extras at your end, too... 60-72 pages minimum, not including all the character cards and foldups...might be more, but I'm not sure yet...:D Thanks, Jerry! I'll restart the poll with a narrowed field once we hit $2500...and Chuck Norris, despite the fact that he is Chuck. will be left off since someone else is doing him right now. So help us get to $2500 and then we can see what we can do with the next figure! I have added in the $2500 goal, and even added a $3500 goal should y'all decide we are worthy...that one could be a lot of fun if we make it...:D Be sure to check it out! Yes, all the named slots have everything from Stomper level *plus* whatever I said about the named level...and that includes the zombie level, too! Sam, good point. It just helped me make a decision...:D Well, only if it's better than the job you chose, Mr. Mayor...:D Someone asked me for specific totals, so I will pass that along: Megan Fox - 5 Alice - 4 Chuck Norris and Jason Statham at 3 ea... Van Helsin, Elvis and Buddy each have 1... So someone with 5 friends could steal it away for anyone on the poll...:D Voting is heating up, but Megan Fox is still in the lead...Alice is catching up though, and Chuck Norris & Jason Statham are clearly in the running still...:D Without Jinxing it, we could lock it in tonight, so if you have a favorite, now would be a good time to get your friends to vote...:D The last of the additional roles will be set up this evening...look for Town Drunk, pimp, bartender, and nurse, among others...:D No, just tired when I did it...good catch...it was supposed to be 8 Zombies...:D Loading up new Reward Levels right now...several are up, and more are coming...including one where people can choose to be made into a Zombie intentionally...:D I'm okay with that...:D I am partial to the denim miniskirt and tank top from TF 1, myself...:D That's a thought...Stomping Day...Hmm... When I included Megan Fox, I was thinking Transformers...give her a gun and we're all set...but if y'all thought the cheerleader look would be better... Answering a couple questions - It's a secret because its a secret...get past $2000 and you'll find out what it is...:D The maps are a late addition to the system. Prior to this project, everything we did was freeform tabletop stuff... Michael Nunn (chief develop for ZS) is a fan of maps like the ones done for the various Clix games... in the freeform, premeasuring takes some of the random element out...with maps, ignore that rule. And as to the roles in town...more are coming. Their success was a big surprise to me, so I was not prepared for them to vanish so quick...:D Thanks for the overview! Hey, by the way...when we hit the $2000, the figure will be available $5 each...and I'll let you know in advance that it will cost more than that when I make it available on the site... (probably $6-7). If you are planning on getting the figure when we get there, adding $5 to get it now would put us almost there...just sayin'...:D Is that like 'Weasel Stomping Day"? Currently we are voting on a survivor/stomper character...once we do the first one, we could add "zombie version of first mini stretch goal" as an option for the next round of voting, how about that? Oh, and for those who might have missed out on a special role in town - I will be adding a few more over the weekend...not going insane here, but there are a lot more pieces of zombie bait, err, important citizens of Romero to account for in the product...:D Hey, I just added an Add On - Zombie minis! I made a deal with Reaper Miniatures (my very good friends), and was able to put together an 18 piece zombie horde from their line for $50! (Regular retail would be around $68, so its a deal! And a hearty Welcome to our Redneck of the Year pledger! The answer to that is yes, no, and sort of...:D Many of the characters will appear in the story line set up ...how major or minor depends on a lot of things, including whether or not the story needs them there at that moment...the Mall Rats and band Kids will most likely not be named in the fiction, for example, as I anticipate too many of them to pull that off without it being awkward or stupid... there will also be fiction blurbs here and there and various characters will appear in those as the story moves through the presented scenarios (most often portraying their gruesome death, I would imagine)... so the final answer will be that I will try and make sure that everyone who supports us at a Reward Level that includes a position in town feels like they are a part of what makes up Romero (probably a tasty part), and that at least most of you feel like it was worth it...:D I hope that answers it without giving too much away...:D Bayushi, I think that sounds a whole lot like you are volunteering to help! That's great! Drop me an email (paul dot lidberg at gmaildot com) and we'll see how you can help...:D If you do that, we can call you "Executive Assistant" or something...:D But why would she have that kind of guy as a secretary...whoops! :D Not a problem...we can work with genders...:D It will be...and I will look here for some ideas before it goes live...so if there is something you personally would like to see as a figure, we can add it to the voting...:D Remember, we are (currently) looking at up to 2 new figures (and if y'all go insane we can do more...:D), so there are shots for some cool stuff...we've already got a history of doing media-related characters....most of the VH line is like that...so don't be shy...I'll find a way to phrase it to avoid legal action...:D We were...and I got sleepy...should have it up tonight...sorry about that...been a long week...:D Great stuff! My daughter wants the Game Stop credit, but I told her no...:D I do accept Hawaiian and Zimbabwe currency, however...:D The voting for the miniatures goals will be opened up tonight...there will be several choices that are mostly redneck zombie hunters...but there is one that is a zombie lord...if that one wins, we'll make it! I am reluctant to spend a lot of resources on making more general zombies, as there are already hundreds of those available from a lot of fine companies...:/ As zombie food, if you want to be technical... :D I'm sure I will...also, remember that adding them as you go will help us reach the next Stretch Goal, which gets everyone more stuff...:D I'm trying to make sure that all the Stretch Goals include something for everyone no matter what, with options for those that want them...if y'all have ideas for things you'd like to see, let me know... Tomorrow night I will be putting out an update that reveals a bit more about Romero, MS before the trouble began...:D I did win....and she's annoyed enough about that so interrupting was not a bi deal at all...:D Thanks! Hmmm..that's a thought...:D aka about 90 minutes... Well, I have to go play Scrabble with my wife, so I would say I should have a couple more up around 10-10:15 CST...:D The map for MegaLoMart is 29 x 44.5 with 1" squares. The Parasol Industries facility will be 11 x 17 with 1" squares... all the maps are intended for play, not just to see...:D And yes, I will be adding some more roles tonight, and I'll try and make several of them at the lower end of things..:D Now i will mention that the Exec from Parasol will actually have a role in the problems, not unlike certain execs in a handful of Milla Jojovich movies, so he is a big deal...:D I just added a few more roles for people, in case some folks missed out on something...:D Well, we have a backer who is playing games...hopefully Kickstarter can stop that kind of behavior. As far as I am concerned, we are funded, and we can now try for the Stretch Goals! I'll send an update shortly with additional details! Thanks everyone! -Paul Burt Wilson: I thought you said if we destroyed the brain, it'd die! Frank: It worked in the movie! Burt Wilson: Well, it ain't working now, Frank! Freddy: You mean the movie lied? "Send more cops...send more medical technicians..." Hahaha, Paul blocked me on Facebook. Looks like he really does have something to hide. well said this guy is nothing but a con artist and a thief. Happy new year thief, how is it coming I am sure you are working hard. How about just posting on your site I f'ed up and this will never happen I apologized to all of you whose money I stole. Every once in a while I come back to my few dumpster fire of failed Kickstarters and review them to see if there is anything new on them. You know, more excuses and untruths from the creators. That brings me to one of my first ever crap shows. Zombie Stomp. I'm sure Paul has forgotten, but I never will. It's hard to believe this was supposed to deliver in February of 2013. We are coming up on February of 2021! Yeah, nearly eight years over due. I find it funny that on November 21, 2013 Paul posted an update on which I was highly critical of him in the comments and I said it would be at least six months before we saw a finished project. Paul indignantly and flippantly replied that it would not be anywhere close to that long. Well he was right. It's been a little shy of seven YEARS with nothing produced since that reply. Oh the irony of his indignation at the time. I can't believe my naivety at the time in believing he would actually still produce the game. We all know he's lied about where the money went and continued lying about not having the time or resources to finish the game. He's backed many Kickstarters since failing on this. Something which Kickstarter has taken away our ability to view. For obvious reasons Paul hasn't made his profile here public so we can't see what he continues to spend money on, money which he "doesn't have". He definitely has the time as for a while he was always updating his Facebook page with events and things he was wasting his money and time on. He unfortunately wised up and stopped posting evidence of his time wasting and lying about not having money on his Facebook feed. Those of use who have kept tabs on this know though. So here's a comment to remind him of just who he is. He's had plenty of time to work on this and to put away some cash to finish this in eight years, but I'm 99.99999% certain he's not looked at the files for it since his last official update on September 19th of 2014. There are no GOOD reasons he shouldn't have saved enough money and spent time on finishing Zombie Stomp and Super Fogeys by now. Burn Happy new year thief, any word yet Hey Thief...just wish you another happy summer Isn't it nice how Kickstarter has made it possible for fraudulent project creator's to hide their behavior by giving us the ability to not share what projects we are backing? We can no longer see when Paul backs other projects with our money. I think Kickstarter should really remove creator's ability to hide what they back. Fraudulent creators are already a problem on Kickstarter and this make it easier for them. Well, we are still here trying to get this thief to do the right thing. I cannot see how this guy lives with himself. We have tried that for the past few years from this loser. BUT Thanks for trying Jerry you rock. I know many others have already done so, but I reported this project to Kickstarter for lack of communication and failure to give a status from the creator...I am sure it will lead to nothing. Happy New Year Thief Thiefffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff Post some links for us William. Check it out! Our current thief Paul "Take their money and back other projects with it" is at it again! He has backed three projects and has not even made an effort to TRY and refund all the money he stole from us! Damn Paul, you sink to all new levels of being a piece of Dog crap. He has been! He backed a pledge right after stealing our money. Are you using our money to back other projects? Looks like the thief is catching hell on The Miniature page. taking and not filling order. How does this guy face is family knowing what he is Hey Thief how is it going I want my money you nasty crook. Give me my $15 back!!! Well, Paul the Thief has backed another project using his OR our money. I guess he decided that he did not need to lie to anyone again about not having the money to finish what he started. Not to mention what he took OUR money for! It's sad that somehow Paul the Thief has made reason out of how this is acceptable. It astounds me that this is OK with him. Oh well. Thanks, Paul you thief for allowing more time to go by and for using our money for your own selfish needs after you stole. Looks like Paul is backing another project with our money he stole from us. Thanks, Paul you thief! it's sad he just took our money the way he did. What a pathetic piece of crap he is. Makes you wonder what lies he has to tell his family and himself to sleep at night. He's just a thief and a loser. He last logged on earlier this month and he has backed plenty of projects in the years since he cheated us out of our money. Sad, sad, sad. Just stopping by today to read up and see if the so called "creator" might have actually woke up this morning to tell his wife and kids. "I am a thief and I need to fix this." BUT it does not appear that Paul has that integrity yet. Going on the four year mark and like Joseph stated it still does not look like Paul can muster the integrity to at a minimum face us with more excuses or at a proper business approach refund our money. I for one gave him quite a bit as in several hundred dollars for a pledge and MANY extras buying into his load of bull. Well it takes a small portion of a man to do what he did. You are an inspiration to thieves and swindlers everywhere and I hope your children see these posts one day and can see that daddy stole hard earned money from people and lied to keep it. So four years ago today this project was successfully funded. Paul was paid shortly after the campaign finished. Paul claims to have had back surgery a short time later which started a year and a half long string of failed promises and excuses why the project wasn't progressing. After having been taken to task many times for being unreliable with his promises and continuous excuses, close to two and a half years ago Paul quit communicating with us claiming at some point in the future we would see the game, but no definite time. In just a couple weeks the project will be four years overdue. It is clear at this point Paul has no intention of ever completing the project and has no intention of ever providing refunds to everyone, refunds that are justly deserved, no matter how much he claims he spent on the project. I would hope that anyone who has faith in Paul's word that he will produce the game has come around and realizes that your faith is misplaced. Everyone needs to press him to provide refunds. What he has produced does not constitute a game nor does it even come close to being what he promised, especially to the high level backers. Don't let him take your money and not have to answer for his actions. We gave him money in good faith that he would produce what he said he would and he has spit in our faces. Is this something you are ok with? Well it's Christmas and the mean old board game Grinch Paul still has done nothing to redeem himself and finish the project we put money into which by the way the Grinch STOLE!!!!!!! Almost four years since we were suckered by Paul into thinking he was an honest man who knew how to make a game after people invested. Well Happy Holidays fellow suckers and burn in hell Paul! For someone who has financial problems and can not provide for his family, I see him going to amusement parks, movies, and backing other Kickstarter campaigns too much as evidenced in his Facebook feed and his backer history here to believe it is true. I got fed up with it and I've also submitted a complaint to the Texas Attorney General's office as William and Sven did. I know I should have done this when they did, but didn't as I was still trying to be a nice guy. The game is now three and a half years past due and it's been almost two years since Paul has bothered to communicate with anyone. I highly suggest if anyone else was holding out and trying to be nice to also submit a complaint. Being nice just isn't going to work. Paul will not do anything for this game or issue refunds unless he is required to do some via some legal means. Unfortunately we've let this go too long to file a case in the Texas Justice of the Peace court as it's been more than two years since we backed it. Our only recourse now is the Texas Attorney General complaints. Here is the link to the complaint form. <url>"WE ARE WONDERFUL!" routine. Shame. Last update: September 19, 2014... Paul posted this in response to someone asking about the status of Zombie Stomp on his Facebook page. Lafayet Deuze: Anything new About zombie stomp February 26 at 2:18pm · Like Paul Arden Lidberg" Update on that will be happening this weekend. February 26 at 2:44pm · Like · 1 Unfortunately no update last weekend...why can he not keep promises to people? Man. If I had my $180 back I could get the Ghostbusters KS.... The thief is still logging in. Paul's last log in was "Last login Jan 18 2015". No this thief feels no guilt in stealing our money. This is really sad that it is two years since this has funded as we are not even close to having this produced. I struggle with how someone could let his reputation be harmed in this way in such a public manner. No updating of his Facebook account and playing peggle or something is much more importing, maybe we should visit him for a cup of Coffee This is a 2 year anniversary I didn't want to have. Do ever think Paul feels guilty about stealing our money? Happy 2nd funding day!! Wow - almost at the 2 year mark. Amazing how sideways this thing went. Maybe we will at least get an update on January 20? Heelllpppp anybody out there Happy New Year fellow suckers! SO looks like the Grinch aka Paul aka thief did nothing to make this right. I hope you enjoyed using our money you stole for your own holiday cheer! Thanks Paul for being you! Maybe Santa can bring this game fir Christmas. We will be returning the $35 AND providing a gift goodie bag I hope that will help! We apologize. Got this message from the bullit kickstarter so it's possible Hello Paul , Will the refund or game ready before xmas or are you keep ignoring the people who paid for your house,food and games Well its December now and Paul still has not found his manhood or discovered that piece of integrity in order to face the theft of our money. Just pathetic. Paul, I see you went to Six Flags on Friday. I hope that you were able to get your batteries recharged and now you'll be able to get back to work on your games and get them produced. Kickstarter dont give a damn, this is the 3rd project with a thief thats why i dont support kickstarter anymore. Yes Paul i called you a thief now show Some balls yeah I e-mailed Kickstater too...Their response seems to be a standard form letter for all of us. basically they only take money they don't have anything to do with anything but that @ Sven We're thankful that there is no accountability on Kickstarter? SO Thanksgiving is coming up and what are we all thankful for? I am so glad Paul can make himself feel better by NOT logging in, reading comments and responding like a responsible adult, and making this train wreck complete. WELL DONE Paul! You have shown all of your backers, your family, and the gaming community at large your true colors. Well done! Its a combined effort from both projects Paul has stolen money from. They are just as frustrated by his lies and excuses. Ill keep you informed! Thanks Sven Keep us updated Sven. Great work! Have contacted multiple media locations in Texas and they like the idea of checking into Paul's fraud. What got their attention was how he avoids the backers because HE "cant handle it". They like the angle of a person stealing from people this way so lets see how this goes. Media time! Paul we are begging you to do the right thing here. Dont mistake this as running out of snarky responses, avenues to look into, or finally giving up. You have to account for your theft and actions. The next level of this is not going to be pleasant for you or your business. We have avenues we are using and they are embarrassing to say the least. You have a chance to stop this and get it all sorted out. Please dont miss this. Man up. Figure this out. And at least try and do the right thing. Integrity is hard. Most of all when you are up against it. Last chance. Please take it. I want my 80 dollars back, you do have now a job and money to spend W.T.F. ? Well done Paul! You logon to the site to spend the money you stole from us to back another Kickstarter. Impressive that you can whine and cry about NOT being able to face the truth on how you stole our money and avoid finishing the project, cant even pay for your car that was "supposedly" getting repossessed, cant pay bills, had to take a menial job to make ends meet, cant send out ANYTHING to make this deal good, shafted your sculpters, shafted your companies you had "friendly" deals with, used our money to back and help make your family's games, and most of all played on all of these others sympathies to keep buying time. YOU CAN BACK GAMES WITH MONEY BUT NOT PAY US BACK AND MAKE THESE FAILED PROJECTS RIGHT!?!?!? Shame on you for being the way you are Paul. I am filing everywhere I can. He is a thief that needs to be accountable for his actions. Has anyone else filed a complained with the Federal Trade Commission? I love how he still tries to scam others on his website and so forth. Its such a dang shame. I got a feeling it will not be any more updates :( What kind of update can he give this angry crowd any more? He have obviously used our money for hes own personal economical mess. I am quite sure we will never recieve any of what we paid for. Only reason I now and then look into this project is for the comments. AND another BS Friday has come and gone with the thief that stole our money staying silent as usual. Anyone else getting fed up here? I think, we should start writing our own updates for ourselves. Its ignore your backers Friday folks! I think Paul has figured out that until the other 50 people from this KS start saying something he doesn't have to do anything. I think I will just cut and paste ALL of the crappy rules he tried to pass of on us in text messages and flood his phone that way.........hmmmmmmm? <url>"Paul Lidberg Team Frog Fail Paul Lidberg (Superfogeys, Zombie Stomp) running off with $8k and no communication: <url>#item2967368 and on Dakka <url>" Thanks for the post from his other project. Anyone can just pop over and see. WOW Paul! NOW you have companies having to come in and bail your train wrecks out so they dont look bad. On your other failed project that you ALSO embezzled the money from not only do you have a sculpter looking to make things right bur REAPER as well. What happened to your claim of "Through a very Special Arrangement with my friends at Reaper Miniatures, I am able to offer you all a special deal on some excellent zombies they make."? What is the truth here Paul? Have they cut ties based your dishonesty as well? What happened to the money Paul? Where did the money go ? Well its obvious Paul embezzled the money from the projects to pay his own bills and have fun with other projects and funding other games for family members. Its now gone from BS excuses to "woe is me" attempts at sympathy to try and explain his theft away. Professionals would have made sure the money plus additional funds went to their intended purpose. There is no way Paul cannot explain this away except it was easy money when he needed it and in some warped criminal and negligent reality he thought up he would spend our money and just "put is back in" before we noticed. Maybe throw some BS out to delay things till he can pay it and now he has screwed us. We are not stupid Paul. I see your behavior all the time in thieves. You are not fooling anyone but yourself. You are so lucky this site protects thieves like you who embezzle. If you had done to to anyone in corporate America you would be facing charges. Explain that to your family how daddy stole money from people. Ahh screw it. Go back to being silent and playing the "woe is me" card. Everyone knows your a thief. Well Paul? Feel like having integrity today? Did you steal the money for this game and use it for yourself, your daughters game that launched, all of those kickstarters you pledged (around 13 or so), or just wasted it? Did you take all the money and pay for your own PERSONAL bills Paul? Waste it on funding other games for your family? How did you lose all the funds and the extra money? Its time to come clean. We are sick of your lies and BS! As far as I understand, the new Kickstarter TOS do not apply to this miserable wreck. Anyway, Paul, can you show us *anything*? This project's money flow? Or at least long-ago promised page with Kickstarters' names on it? So we are 3,500.00 FUNDED with 2,500.00 OVER the mark. Where did the money go? It does not matter that you have problems with funds THE project was paid for with EXTRA! WTF Paul? Paul - Last login Sep 16 2014 Here it is from this frauds other failed project: Gene Van Horne 1 day ago Wow, I appreciate all the support! I'd like to state publicly and for the record, I'm NOT trying to shoulder or assume Mr. Lidberg's debt to his Kickstarter backers. My reaching out in no way absolves Mr. Lidberg of the responsibility he still has to each and every one of you. He will still owe his backers the rewards he promised them during his KS campagin and I encourage you all to continue your efforts in holding him accountable for his actions or lack thereof. That being said, I'm paying it forward the same way a third party stepped up and helped me out during this whole debacle. Without their help I would have never been compensated for the figures I did sculpt for Mr. Lidberg. I don't want any of you to worry about the financial part because I've got that covered. I can't stand by, idly doing nothing. I'm doing this because as Popeye often says, "That's alls I can stands, cause I can't stands no more!" So my offer still stands, anyone who pledged for a reward level that included the Superfogey figures can contact me at <email> with the subject "Superfogeys" and I will send them a care package. It won't be the KS reward that Mr. Lidberg still owes you, but it will be fun (which is what this whole thing was supposed to be in the first place!) I'm not accepting any monies for this and these figures are not for sale. Finally, if you are indeed watching any of this Mr. Lidberg, SHAME ON YOU!! Best Regards, Gene Hmmmm, this is to sad for words I read that too and felt horrible for the guy. It is bad enough Paul did this to himself but to drag someone else down is beyond words. SO reading the comments on this frauds other KS SuperFogey's it appears he has ALSO screwed over his sculpter on those mini's! The guy Gene is such a professional that he has come on offered some relief as best he can at his own cost! Way to go Paul! Not only have you completely no regard for your own reputation you try and screw over a person you attached to your frauds! Pathetic! Noooooo. My powers failed me. I guess I won't play the lottery this weekend....... Its still Friday some where Paul. You still have a chance to show your family you still have integrity. CANT WAIT! Its so cool when you can hear a new lie or actually get to use those hip waders you purchased! THANKS PAUL! Tomorrow is Friday. Get ready for a giant update. My psychic powers tell me he will tell us what we want to hear! I have a project that is very late but there is a huge difference in what THEY are doing and what Paul is doing. They are giving honest and factual updates with practical and most of all believable answers to any question. I could not care less if this project was 5 years late or even delivered. They make you feel comfortable and like you are a part of the process and let you know if something is wrong. WEEKLY updates. Even if it is to make sure we are still here and to let us know THEY ARE! They dont come back at you with snarky pathetic attacks and they dont for one minute let you go away without KNOWING they are responsible for YOUR money and time. THAT is a refresher compared to this train wreck and Paul's business practices. Even when you have been given a chance to come clean you fail at it Paul. When you have a chance to make it right you BS us and fail at it Paul. YOU have clearly given us NO desire to want this product except to make sure you dont get our money for free by theft! You come online and peek at your backers complaints and your silence is deafening. You whine like the world is falling apart around you and you are the only one with problems but cannot man up to fix it. Your business integrity is pretty bad right now yet you continue to hustle others into quick money so you can "Rob us to pay Paul". You have made this a pyramid scheme racing to an end. Take this as a chance to FINALLY do a weekly update and WORK hard to get back your reputation. I will continue to hold you accountable here and anywhere I can because I like 53 other backers gave you money for a product and the trust you will complete a project and deliver. We believed your lies and fell for your BS. NOW what are you going to do about it other than fund your family's games, play online games wasting time, lie to us about a ton of BS excuses that NO ONE will believe, and continue wasting our time? What are you going to do to man up and finish this? LOL good one BD! "While all projects have some risks, the ones associated with this one are minimal." Right there on the front page. Just in case anyone needs a laugh. Friday's over.....Paul is true to form. Failing as usual. LOL! Well said Bayushi! @Sven You know if we all chip in $5 we could hire Paul to build a game called Zombie Step on Heavily. Made he could write us all in as characters. I would be tempted but the "ad" does not say how long it takes to make a game.... Friday is not over! There is still time for an update! Maybe if we offered him some of those coins he would make progress. Any one have any? I don't play Facebook games. This was on Paul's Team Frog website: "Team Frog Studios is now offering Custom Game Design services as part of what we do. Currently we are offering to create for you an original mini-game, complete with all components and basic artwork, and including ALL PUBLISHING RIGHTS NOW AND FOREVER for just $250. Custom artwork and other options are available as well for additional cost (or you can just take care of that part on your end if desired). What you receive is a complete printed prototype, a complete playable (i.e. cut out, etc.) prototype, and all the computer files generated for the game (Photoshop and InDesign files, primarily). This is a great option for a new company looking to expand their line or even an established company looking for a fun convention title related to their main products. We can also do a Custom game commemorating a certain event (family reunion, retirement, wedding...) or as a promotional marketing tool for a business! Check it out today! <url>" How can you honestly tell people this when you can even finish these two Kickstarters? Are you intentionally trying to steal other peoples money now? WOW is there no end to the lack of integrity in you? Paul's Last login was Sep 1 2014 - As they said his other SUPER LATE project Peekaboo! We see you checking in and NOT making any attempt to make this right. Please dont let us interrupt your online game you are playing and getting coins. On and now a double post. I guess that is par for this kickstarter. Should have expected that... Oh look. My phone just made an "assume" out of me with auto correct. I meant awesome of course.. Oh look. My phone just made an "assume" out of me with auto correct. I meant awesome of course.. Nah. Paul has ruined this game for all of us anyway. He cant find the personal integrity to even face his backers now without an excuse or a lie. Pathetic. Who's wants to be an optimist with me? Tomorrow's update will be assume! ugh... So it looks like Labor Day was lost on Paul as he is still no where near finishing this game. Come back Friday folks so you can get Lidberged! And nothing, see you next week guys Its OK Paul. We know integrity is hard most of all when you are up against it. You will find your manhood and honesty one day. Not the mailman with our product since Paul cant finish it! Whos there? Knock knock? And nothing. No excuse. No lie. Not even a flaming attack from his one backer that still likes him. Oh well. Cmon Paul! One more hour till midnight! You can do it! Just flex that grey matter and make up another great story on why you have no delivered the product or refunded our money! YOU CAN DO IT! Its BS update Friday tomorrow! Time to get Lidberged! Think Paul might man up and deliver or tell us more lies! With this Paul you never know WHAT is the truth anyway. He goes silent when he runs out of excuses. Thanks Paul for stealing our money! All them items were due to come in on a cargo ship out of china. It is unfortunate the ship was attacked by sea monsters/hurricane/aliens take your pick it really does not mater and all was lost including the $3,500. The good news is, thank God he only made(stole) $3,500 Zombie Stomp - Funded January 20th, 2013 = 576 days! Oh well. Looks like we are back in silence mode from Paul. Its his reality folks we are just along for the ride because he stole our money. Thanks Njl Deuze! Im here all......well I was going to say I am here all week tip your wait staff BUT we are here because Paul screwed us and we could be here forever! The commentsection is more fun then the game at the end AND we did not get Lidberged yesterday. Sad. I almost miss the little guy. Its BS update Friday! Time to get Lidberged! Maybe Paul will actually come on and give us another excuse and a free load of lies! Lets have it Paul! We can handle it! We have by NOW heard it all and there just CANNOT be another excuse or lie you have not used or told us! All right fellow suckers one more day to get Lidberged! Anyone like Monty Python? I feel like the Cheese shop sketch. You could change the cheese to products. One person keeps try to genius a product that is complete and the "owner" keeps saying no. Finally the owner of the shop admits it was a complete waste of time there are no products.... Isn't tomorrow our weekly update? ...... wait a minute that sounds familiar... We got Lidberged. Now monday............ Maybe not since it is Sunday now................... And NOW comes SUPER EXCUSE SATURDAY fellow suckers! Paul will now come on MAYBE this weekend and say how rough things are in his life since he stole our money and could not post an update because he is busy. Things are rough all over Paul most of all since you stole some of our money. Time to get Lidberged! Its BS update Friday! Time to get Lidberged! I think tomm is our weekly excuse delivery date yes. I have my hip waders ready! Isn't tomorrow weekly update day? Hello fellow suckers! As of today its been 563 days since this KS has funded! 616 days since his other KS Superfogeys funded. Still nothing new. HEY !!!!!!! Mr Lidberg where is my game ???????....... no game.... ok..... WHERE IS MY MONEY ???????? I see your point Rastl. Ive come to terms I have lost the money. Its now in the hopes that he will man up and finish. You figure a person in the industry would care about his continued image and hopes that people would trust him in the future. Its why I stay on top of it. I just hate scammers. I've been following the comments for my own entertainment and with hopes of seeing answers to the multitude of questions. My attitude at this point is "It will get done when Paul gets it done or it will not be done." I can't change that and I'm not going to get worked up about something I can't change. I would rather get the game than not. I paid for it. I also have many other things I would rather be doing than stressing about a game I took a chance in backing. Carry on. PAUL - Quit hiding behind Alan defending your every move/lie and do something! Refund or deliver! I think we just got "Lidberged"........ Got to admit. It is a new lie/excuse. Have not heard the weather/modem/housing issue one yet so Paul gets an A for creativity at least. We have no game so we might as well stick around for the Paul Lidberg story hour. Paul, you also have zombies and alien abductors to blame. Get creative. Its Paul's version of reality. We and our money are just along for the ride. According to what I see on the radar there are no current storms in Texas. Fingers crossed... The key words that can make this better is still "Weekly and HONEST" updates. Until Paul realizes what those are we won't get anywhere. Just throwing out pathetic excuses for updates with no content is not getting us anywhere. PLUS we dont need anymore of his BS and lies about whats going on in his life. We all have problems. We all have issues that are present. BUT we have not taken thousands of dollars from people and blown them off while we still move on in life. It seems like he started two projects when he needed money the most to pay for his surgery and then POOF off he goes. I dont mind him finally getting his act together and acting like the professional he sold us on and delivering but at this point is the game even worth it? I would rather NOT further this man or his company in anything NOR would I want to advertise his game at any event. Just saying. Agreed and well said Bayushi... The anger and frustration is justified and warranted. However, at what point does it no longer serve its purpose? Hopefully Paul is committed to doing some of the things you have detailed. Weekly, honest updates would be appreciated. I tried that a long time ago. Paul knows this and exploits it. I contacted kickstarter and this was part of the response "I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in." Open communication....there is none. Well said. So put our passion to a good cause! Let’s throw out the past and start anew. To start gaining good will, how about if Paul provides an update every Friday night by midnight? He could tell us exactly what happened that week, even if it is nothing. No excuses just facts. Send out Beta copies of the rules. You can get free proof reading and valuable suggestions. I think most of us are experienced players who can provide valuable feedback. I have a game group of guys with exceptional gaming minds. Those who are not experienced can provide fresh insights. Let us help you. Heck, how awesome would it be if in the rules you added a note like “This rule was written by Sven” or “KS Backer Alan contributed this example”. Man would that add good will and pride in the rules to us backers! AND IT WOULD BE FREE HELP! Ask for help with anything that you are having trouble with. Someone might know a good artist who can make the missing art work for cheap or free. If I remember correctly there was a guy on Bartertown who did professional drawings that offered to do drawings of D&D characters for miniatures. I am sure Paul has a few miniatures he could send the guy and it would not cost extra cash. Atomico has finished 2 small miniature KS and is working on a third. Again, he is no Perry brother, but he might be cheap enough to make the miniatures we were supposed to get. I might even like the exposure. Maybe you could work out a deal where you sell his minis on your website or promote his work. Set deadlines. Actually must meet deadlines. What is the expected completion date for Chris Philbrook’s book? Is it two years away or next week? The Scenarios are very close to being complete. When next week or 2 months? How many times have they been play tested? They are not complete until they have been play tested. I offer my wargaming group to test them. I have 100s of zombies. I will be willing to take pictures you could even add to your rules. Everyone loves cool pictures added to rules. As for the backers. How about we commit to providing constructive criticism. No more yelling, threatening etc. Let’s work together to finish this thing. Ok, I guess I have written enough. Please consider what I have written and I would really appreciate it if the other backers would back me up on this. To show I am willing to start being a helper, I have changed my icon. It might not be much, but it is a start. Here are my feelings in response to the latest announcements: I have matured since my first couple of kickstarters and I hope to be growing every day. I understand things better now and my expectations have changed over time. I now expect all KS to be 6 months delayed and big ones 1 year. But this project is getting to the point of being ridiculous. For me it is about accountability. I did my part. I paid my backer pledge, but I have not received my backer reward (see kickstarters description of how this works). I seriously am concerned I will not get it at all. The creator said there was little risk in this project (see front page risks). 17 months after this project was due, we have NOTHING more than excuses and the same promises he made 17 months ago. Even the last two “updates” have no new information on what is DONE, but only what will be done “soon”. Where are the pictures of what is done or things 50%-90% done? Many other project provide pictures of their progress. Where are ours? Life happens. That is true. You cannot foresee things that might happen. I can empathize with Paul. My wife was out of work for 1.5 years. BUT do you think our creditors would accept “soon, working on it, almost, close” etc instead of paying our bills? Think I could skip my car payment for 17 months? Nope. I have a credit rating, they know what risk I am right? So if I am late it is there fault for giving me the loan right? Nope. If I missed 17 months of car payments and they would repossess my car! To pay our bills my wife finally took a job 1300 miles from her husband and kids for 6 months (missing holidays and family events). That is how we took care of our responsibilities. Oh, did I mention she also has multiple sclerosis (look it up. It sucks). With that being said, what accountability does Paul have? How is he meeting it? When is the drop dead date? Is this going to drag on for years? Ok, you are not going to refund money. Then MAKE AN EFFORT to prove your working on the project. Quiet those who are complaining by providing regular updates. Start a meaningful dialogue with your backers? Turn this project around. The most successful KS I have seen are ones were the backers feel engaged. You can see there is still passion around this KS. See Sven’s and Alan’s comments in the last two updates. Passion is good and it can do great things when directed towards worthy cause. Sorry Stephen meant to say so called update number 48! 49 was just more BS we had to wade through with high boots. Or is the better translation is Stephen was "Lidberged" in that so called update number 49! SO Paul has the heat turned up and he is Team Frogging Stephen for holding him accountable and trying to Super Fogey us with more so called "updates". Some info from Stephen who also got Team Frogged by Paul: You have not responded to emails sent to you personally, neither through your Team Frog site, nor responded to comments from your backers. Your weren't satisfied taking advantage of 112 SuperFogeys backers to the tune of $4715; the Zombie Stomp backers haven't gotten anything either. You fleeced a total of 166 backers out of $8,215, and the most egregious slap in the face is that you continue to back other projects. Great facts. Changed my Icon thats to Bayushi! AND here is my new bio post for kickstarter - Just want to enjoy good projects! PLEASE DONT RIP ME OFF AS A BACKER LIKE ZOMBIE STOMP DID! PAUL LIDBERG TOOK MY MONEY AND DID NOT DELIVER! I am so stealing your avatar icon Bayushi! Thanks! Well, its worth a try. May I please have the kickstarter items I paid for Paul. Please. My wife and 2 children would really like to see what they look like in your rulebook. Thank you. Sincerly the Hintz family. I know right Joseph! Please everybody lets make sure we cater to Paul's feelings! He does not want to update us or read anything negative despite the fact that he has stolen our money. Ignored his backers. Blamed his backers for his failures. Lied to us. And completely disrespected himself and his company. That being said let's make sure Paul is catered to so HE feels better about what he has failed to do here. Have I forgotten anything? I don't know, but Paul is logging into Kickstarter every couple days, so he has to see these comments. The last login entry on his account shows it. It's pretty contemptible that he's taking time to check the site, but not update us. I just remembered why he's not responding or updating, a while back he did say he wasn't going to read anything negative anymore. I wonder how much of our stolen money went to fund his daughters game? Way to teach priorities right? Rob Peter to pay.....you know Paul! I wonder if his children know their father is a thief? or if he care OK, now its over for me with the B's , may i have a refund this is really going nowhere Zombie Stomp - Funded January 20th, 2013 = 536 days! <url>… Super Fogeys the "SO called creators" other project - Funded November 28th, 2012! = 589 days! <url>… You sure are pledging a bunch of kickstarters with our stolen money Paul. You have NO shame do you. Looks like no ethics either. Wow Paul it just cant get any worse so how about you refund everyones money so you can try and save some of your dignity and maybe some self respect. Everyone knows you have taken these backers money and have not delivered. Man up Paul and do the right thing. You mean nine weeks past his last batch of lies and BS. 9 weeks past update art, Does any of the backers live in Washington. Maybe we can get Washington state to do this again. <url>"TEAM FROGGED" from the get go and the he realized after a few updates he got "ZOMBIE STOMPED" and "LIDBERGED"! And just when you think its over you might even get "SUPERFOGEYED" for speaking out! I one of the unhappy ones also. This kickstarter is the reason I have stop backing projects. We started using these new terms in reference to a bad Kickstarter: Zombie Stomped = Having a creator steal our money and making false promises. ex. "Dang this project is a train wreck. We just got Zombie Stomped by the creator!" Team Frogged = Trusting a company that looks to good to be true. ex. "I Team Frogged on that one!" Getting Lidberged = Having a creator spin so many lies and promises in a constant stream of updates that are misleading, false, and just plain full of errors to keep from refunding our money. ex. "Well looks like we have just been Lidberged on this Kickstarter!" And to not let the other suckers on SuperFogey feel left out we have this great new phrase: Superfogeyed = Having a creator actually blame his backers for trying to hold him accountable on his promises and lies by calling us names and trying to make us out to be the bad guys! ex. "Paul tried to Superfogey me for calling him out!" Feel free to use these as you need fellow suckers as Paul will surely give us more material to use soon. Looks like Paul could not face the questions from us on his page. He pulls down all the posts so other potential victims cannot see it. He calls it everything but the truth and that is keeping him accountable for stealing our money and not delivering our product. Its sad. @ Bayushi I actually backed this for myself and for a friend who doesn't do kickstarters. We are both unhappy, to put it mildly. The words "Zombie Stomp" and "Team Frog" have become a running joke in our gaming group. Paul Lidberg · Last login Jul 1 2014 I have advocated a conciliatory stance so far but I have to concede that the lack of definition is killing this project. Paul, please give us a no nonsense timeline, when will the project be completed, nothing vague. I really want this to be a success, even after all the waiting and consider myself a patient man, but please give us some thing to hope for. Bayushi is right! Its not just Our money that was stolen here but yours as well. Paul has used every excuse in the book to not refund our money or deliver on this train wreck. Hello everyone and I mean EVERYONE. There are 54 backers of this project and I was wondering if we could hear from some of the others. What is everyone else thinking? Are there just 4 or 5 unhappy backers and 49 happy backers? If more people join the dialogue maybe, just maybe we will hear from Paul also. I think it is time to make everyone's voice heard. 8 weeks past update art., it should be finished by now Yeah it's time to refund everyone's money, and no more standing behind an excuse that a partially complete pdf and some maps is a reason for not granting refunds. We already know the rules are full of holes from the playtest that was done last year at the con, so they aren't worth our effort to try and use the pdf you released. I'm guessing there were no changes based in the rules after the con report. Nobody is going to use them. Salvage a bit of any respect that any customers may have had for you and do the right thing. Refund everyone their entire pledge and learn a lesson that Kickstarting projects isn't for you. You have too much going on in your life for it to be something you can be successful at. Being over 17 months late on a project that you said would only take 1 month is in no way acceptable or successful. No updates or responses. Looks like Paul has run out of excuses and lies. Well what did we expect? CMON Paul you can do better than silence! The other excuses and lies were at least entertaining! How about we as backers try and think up the next one? I vote for having a run in with the law and that.....wait.....you did that one already on your FB page....heres a crazy idea.....how about you just tell the truth and refund every ones money since we already know you are in over your head and wasting our time? @ Bayushi I got 2 of the guards and 2 of the werewolves (replacing the heavy female gunner and the 'red riding hood' mini)...then the monster, bride, hunter, and vampire. Nice to have something fulfilled ahead of schedule; and he was open about his progress posting pictures and videos. As he's calling it "Save our Summer" and talks of kids having something fun to do, I'm guessing it's neither of the options you propose. @Joseph I took a look at his site and noticed that he has a 50% off sale going on right now. I wonder if that is to earn capital to finish the kickstarters or a going out of business sale? @Jerry I got some biker zombies in his last kickstarter and liked them as they are really “meaty”. I am getting a couple of the brides to add to my zombies hordes in this kickstarter. He might not be as good as the Perry brothers now, but I feel good about supporting him and his quest to become an awesome sculptor. What are you picking up? Posted this on the Team Frog page. Lets see if you have the balls to answer to it Paul or just erase it and try to cover it up with lies: SO here is the up to date count down on how long Team Frog Studios is behind on delivering the two Kickstarter projects that people paid good money for: Zombie Stomp - Funded January 20th, 2013 = 521 days! Super Fogeys - Funded November 28th, 2012! = 574 days! Paul we as your backers would like to have our games and products delivered. Also please explain how you can have Zombie Stomp 2.0 when you have NOT delivered 1.0! Its amazing n your page you NEVER mention these 2 failed projects and how you have stolen our money and NOT delivered. Can you explain that? <url>"Zombie Stomp 2.0 is almost here, too! More on that as soon as I can!" How can Zombie Stomp 2 almost be here when Zombie Stomp hasn't even been produced?! This project funded 5 days ago - already shipping... <url>"I plan to be there 8 to 12 & 1 to 5. Makes me wonder if his daughter is going alone... OR why not take 10 minutes to fill his daughter in? If she is old enough to man the booth alone (and I assume sell product) she is old enought to read off a list. "Your name is Bob. Can I see some ID. Thank you. Herr are your miniatures. Sorry for the delay. Have a nice day." Heck you cant send them their mini's they paid you good money for? That alone makes me realize you wont follow through here on this project when you wont even send out something they paid for. Where is that refund you promised us? This from your other project: "Team Frog Studios: Anyone from the Superfogeys Kickstarter who wishes to pick up their figures at Texicon is welcome to do so. Send me a direct message with your name on Kickstarter and what level you bid at (to verify your identity) and we'll have it ready for you. Please make sure to come ask when I am there (and not when it's just my daughter) as she will likely not have a clue what you're talking about" Any chance you will offer this to us here so we can get our stuff? Maybe get our refunds you promised a long time ago? Heck ANYTHING Paul from this failed project? I wonder if that show knows who they have in their vendor room and how he has ripped off so many people on projects? Its FREE RPG DAY! Dont worry Paul we can go get a couple of free games to make up for the fact you stole our money and did not provide THIS game! Its OK that WE worked hard for that money and YOU are not working hard to deliver. We can make due with these games and NOT the one you promised with your so called "years of experience". Well Bayushi at least Paul is consistent with his BS and stays tried and true with failing to follow through. Here's to you Paul! ok, the last line made me laugh out loud. Bad news Sven. Apparently although he promised an update "tomorrow". Tomorrow came and went and he did not provide them an update. Hey Paul! i just another of those cryptic and empty "UPDATE TOMORROW" promises from your other project (which you have NOT delivered either!) and was wondering if WE here in this train wreck could have one so we dont feel left out or even more led on by the nose. At least just post one here since we KNOW you dont have anything new for us and plan to just BS us. Please? Just for old times sake? This is saddening, Any update pictures of charactercards printed ? Why bother Mr. Koichi. He has obviously run out of excuses AND lies at this point. Now he is just finding anything to say or promise to keep stringing everyone along. Oh well. Happy Father's Day fellow suckers! Thanks Paul for stealing our hard earned money and wasting our time. So, it has almost been a month since the last update. I assume some great progress has been made. Some things were very close to being done and a month should have been enough time to finish them. Where it was 5/18: Rules - 95% done, just missing art and layout Scenarios & Chars - art 90% done, info – 75% complete, lay out 25% done. Char cards – 80% complete. The artist said the art would be done around 2 weeks from the last update. That would be 6/1. A week and half ago. So it should be done. Maps – Done. Have we seen them yet? I cannot remember getting links to them. This would be good to share with us. This would prove things are getting done. Character Standups – Done. Again, have you shared these with us? Book – Done within a week of the artwork. So, the scenario and character art was 90% done weeks ago and the character cards art was supposed to be done by 6/1. Assuming this happened, a week later would be 6/8. Is the book done? So, where do we stand now? Thanks, Contact us 214-497-9580 www.teamfrog.com Here you go folks! More contact info to see if he will respond and MAYBE deliver our product? Maybe put out those promised refunds. Looking at your other Kickstarter it seems you tried to sell stuff before the backers had a chance to get their product? Per one of your backers: I noticed that the game book and miniatures are listed for sale in your webstore. Does this mean that you will be shipping shortly? They are even listed as cheaper than the KS prices <url>"Rob Peter to pay Paul"? WOW it just gets better and better. What next Paul? OH NOOOOO! More people that will be attacked by this creator for being anti cheerleaders and stalkers just for wanting their game they paid for!!! Danger! Danger! Paul's reality just cannot handle the fact people want to hold him accountable!!! Standby for his snarky response that is soon to come! Get you high boots on so we can wade through the BS he will respond with! Maybe even blame us!!! 2 weeks past update arte And to think, back in November I said this would take at least six months to be finished, if it ever is. I was given an indignant response that it would not take that long. Now look at us, we are in month seven since that comment was made. SO here is the up to date count down on how long this project and his other has ended till today at this very minute and counting. This is how long this person has been defrauding his backers on kickstarters: Zombie Stomp - Funded January 20th, 2013 = 500 days! <url>"SO called creators" other project - Funded November 28th, 2012! = 553 days! <url>’s wipe all previous updates away and start from scratch. I might be the only one, but I confused on where we are currently at. Yes, some things might have been “plainly” stated in the past, but humor me. Sometimes I am a bit slow and get confused easily. Can we please give us an update by Monday April 19th that lets us know the current state of the project at this exact minute? Yes, I know that there will be some complaining (and I have done my share), but I feel that those who have not complained and are still very excited about this project deserve to know the current state and I, of course, also want to know. It can be a fancy bar graph showing the progress in color (green for done/almost done to orange/red for “OMG not even started yet!”) or even a simple word chart like: Item % Complete ETA Map of Parasol 95% June 2nd Rulebook – PDF 90% June 15th Rulebook – Printed 0% Start Printing June 15 THIS IS AN EXAMPLE ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED TO IMPLY THE ACTUAL STATUS OR DATES OF THE PROJECT. Then each week you could just send us the data (spreadsheet, PowerPoint, whatever it is done in) so we could see the progress. Yes I know it will “slow” you down a bit, but I, for one, would prefer you create 6 widgets a week with weekly updates than create 7 or 8 widgets with weeks/months of silence. For the first update let’s start a baseline. I would like to know the status of: The rulebook (PDF and Printed copy) – did the suggestions I send make it in? The progress made on the webpage for Thank Yous The cardboard Standups for the characters in the game (hey, does that mean my face will be a cardboard standup? I never thought of that for some reason. That is pretty cool. I bet my gaming friends/family will love to kill their friend/Dad.) The printed color and B&W MegaLoMart Map How many illustrations are done (links would be good). I have the Exec, Exec Secretary (PS I hope you found an appropriately "naughty for the Exec of Parasol" secretary body to add my wife's head to :-), and 2 Band members (or 1 mallrat and 1 band member, I cannot remember) The cards that go with all the illustrations (including band members/mall rats) The map of Parasol Industries facility (printed and PDF) The map of the Diner in color The map of City Hall in color The Zombie Stomper miniature chosen by us ($2000 reward) Stat cards for new edition of Vampire Hunter$ The PDF copy of the New Vampire Hunter$ rules The free 2 miniatures from the existing Vampire Hunter$ line The Zombie Stomper miniature chosen by us ($3000 reward) The Illustrated Novella Did I miss anything? Finally, there are 54 backers of this project. I am sure there are some good proof readers, artists, idea people, or even people who know people who know people people. What can we do to help? Thank you. Mike Well said William. Well said Joseph. You both just joined the "Paul's Anti-cheerleader/stalker group (fed up backer)" because you "trash talked (held accountable) him for his production (lies and BS). Well said. NOW he can respond (snarky lame excuses throwing rant) about you as well causing him to not give an update (lie) to buy more time and see how he is ever going to finish this. Since I don't check the comments frequently I missed the deadline for photo vs line art and wasn't notified of the option. I get to look like Andi for the game. I'm not going to get bothered or work up a rant. I'll go about my business and wait for the next update. Progress is progress. Do whatever you want Paul your are going to anyways. Just remember that fault in all this lies with you not with US, we supported you because we believed the lies you were spewing. Just get it done send us what ever trash you are going to produce and we can move on and learn by our mistake(like trusting you) And maybe you can move on and go into politics, it seems a great fit for you, you talk and talk, blame others, tell your constituents one thing and do another and lie while smiling looks like a new job is looming for you. Meant to say "CANT manage your way out of a paper bag" just so you know. And thats our fault you can manage your way out of a paper bag? TRUST us Paul NO ONE wants to delay this mess ANYMORE! We want SOMETHING delivered! Get back to reality! Where ever you got THAT idea is beyond us.lol. Look instead of just hammering your deadline do a poll. I mean you have wasted so many months and so much of our time PLUS you give just a few hours on a decision based on your crappy time management why not right? Just do something that maybe resembles customer service. Something the correct way. Then run with it. Instead of snarky remarks be a bit professional here and poll your backers. You only have 54 and out of that there are only a few that have art. My gosh get with it. How about you let us finish it for you!?!?! I cannot wait to get what ever mess you produce. I dont plan on shelving it now. I plan on posting honest reviews EVERYWHERE! From creation to completion every single bit of BS to every single excuse. BGG and all. Total honest reviews. I bet the Superfogey bunch and the ones I talk to are already ready to go. Any more excuses? Delays? Anything to blame US for? I give up. I could care less anymore as your snarky responses do nothing for the project. Just finish what ever crap you are going to pass off as a completed project, refund what money you have to or plan to, and lets be done with this. You astound me with your lack of customer service and complete disregard for anything your backers truly want. I dont care about the change on photos as I can see by letting the thread run and your remarks that you wont regard them anyway. All you will do is make a snarky response, ignore it, make a new "I need to know by tomorrow midnight CDT!" statement putting a deadline on us and ignoring any you promise to us, and change everything as you see fit. Just deliver the dang thing or please refund my money so I can just get away from this mess. When Paul asked me for photographs that would be used in the book I was aghast. I did not want my picture in the game - I also expected that it would be artwork based on my image. After some discussion he asked for photographs of someone who I thought looked like me. Hence Andi McDowell. By using her picture he may run into licensing problems by using her image for profit without permission but that's something for him to consider. I was fine with using my image as a basis for a drawing/illustration and that's what I pledged for. If people end up thinking I look like Andi I'm not going to complain. But my real photograph will not be in the book or cards. If Paul changes his direction and goes back to images or filters to make photos into illustrations I may give him photos if it isn't too much of a problem for him to make the change to the existing artwork. Of course you will never be able to satisfy everyone. So here is my 2 cents. From what I have seen so far, I like the real pictures used on the cards. I also thought you would be taking our pictures and making them into drawings, but, so far I am liking the real pictures better. That might change when I see my picture of course! LOL. My camera sucks and my photography ability is about 0. I did not mind the picture from dropbox below, just did not like it as much. I also think keeping a consistent theme throughout the book is very important. So, I would be against switching back and forth between real pictures and “drawings” in the rulebook. However, I think it perfectly acceptable to make a change between the book and the cards. So, right now I am leaning towards the more “cartoony” pictures used as illustrations in the book and the real pictures used in character cards. Mike If I can look at the drawings that artist produces, smile and say "Hey, that looks like me and my boys!" I'll be satisfied as it's what I was expecting. Nothing about the campaign when it was running led me to believe the artwork would be done in a realistic manner, so I'm not sure why you chose to going that way. Everything was in a light-hearted tongue in cheek comic book style, it's what convinced me to back it. And I do think the example you posted below is more appealing/acceptable than using a straight out photo. Just my opinion though... I think what people wanted or expected has been obscured over the time since we first backed this project. You seem to be running in a positive direction right now and that is good thing, but please do not confuse the issue. The pledges detailed "your likeness made into an illustration in the game", not your picture will be used in the game. Please do not deflect or blame people for having an issue with your ultimate decision. It is good that you are offering the alternative to those that would request it. I understand your frustration Paul, but at the same time, what was promised is in writing on this page at each pledge level. My problem is I was expecting something done in a style like what you are showing on the book cover on the project page, done in my and my children's likeness as the character I pledged for. You are mistaking my not allowing you to use actual photos for me not wanting to be in the game. I want what I pledged for. I'll bring it up again. If you don't produce what I pledged for, give me a refund. I would object to what you are doing in that new example because I pledged the extra knowing that the money would be going to pay an artist to do what I'm expecting. Not running the photo through a couple of Gimp filters. I see now I made the mistake of assuming and should have asked for clarification, not that it would have mattered as you've said you won't be using an artist now. Please dont use my photo's and name Thanks for the information, but Sorry Paul, just to give you the benefit of the doubt, I just double checked every comment and update you've made since announcing that the artwork was crap and you've never once said when the refunds would be coming. Only that they would be coming. Sending them with the book may be what you intended, but you never said it. As for the pictures, I've said in emails and comments that I don't give you permission to use my actual photo (or children's photos) in the game. I want an illustration (drawn by an artist in our likenesses) not a picture I sent you. Don't try give me a story that our pictures are an illustration either. It's not going to work and it is not what I pledged for. It's not what you led us to believe was going to be done and it's definitely not what you are doing now. Some people are probably okay with this, but I'm not. Don't use the photos. There is no wiggle room on that. Well I have to say a positive here. For all the BS Paul has put us through on the game and his cryptic and most times sarcastic updates I have to say that Backer Jerry nailed it on the part of "Actually using our images is something totally different and I do think that many could be very well against that". The art likeness on someone is always a crapshoot with how decent the artist is. I have a few projects where they used actual photos of us and they really came out good. In the cases I have projects that use artwork they have had great success but its a problem when you have a bad artist or an artist that fails to meet deadlines. SO here is the big question? Are you changing all of the likenesses in this game to actual pictures so this speeds up a hopeful delivery date? Or at lease change our name and not use our real one. The other thing I would add is that using our likeness in an art sketch is what we signed on for and agreed to. Actually using our images is something totally different and I do think that many could be very well against that. Well said Mr. Prozinski. He is right Paul. You haven't even refunded the money for the things you've said you would. When is that happening? I want a specific date. I don't want a vague response like "You *will* get the refunds." That doesn't hold water anymore and quite frankly I don't think they are coming. Not that a specific date will matter because you have constantly promised us updates and deliverables, only to go over due for weeks and months at a time, only to come back with some poor excuses for why you couldn't deliver. In most cases you've never delivered on many of the promises. If this were your actual job, you would have been fired a long time ago for this terribly handled project. Quite frankly if you were committed to seeing this project finished, you wouldn't let any of your excuses stop you or slow you down. I can see via your Facebook account you have had plenty of free time to work on this project and finish it, yet it is no where near being complete as you have not shown it is. Your continued assurances that it is do nothing to reassure any of us that it is ready. This is because of your steady stream of lies and excuses. Make no mistake, you have told us lies every time you said you would have an update and didn't let us know until two to four weeks later why you didn't have the update. It's been around three weeks now since you said you would show us something and you haven't. You haven't even bothered to give us an update with excuses why since then. Have no doubt, this is by far the poorest handled kickstarter I've backed. Even the one that people are complaining about the most, Robotech RPG Tactics, which isn't even being handled poorly in my opinion, is still being handled 100 times better than this one. If you want us to believe you, you need to actually keep your promises. Update us when you say you will. Stop giving us excuses for why you can't keep your promises and just do the work. Give us meaningful updates that don't make promises that you can't keep. If you can't do these simple things, just refund our money. You are the only one who is going to make this project die, your backers aren't. We've given you the money, we've done our part. Quit getting upset and lashing out at us because we expect to see results when you say you will have them. By the way how was ReaperCon? Most business people or owners with deadlines would have done everything they could to have completed something by the deadlines they promise not take a convention break. AND with the money we have paid you. PLEASE tell us how the OT is killing you on time and you enjoyed a convention? Anymore deflection or misdirection you want to bring to the table? All I can say is this: To Mr. Lidberg, I am humbled and honored by your single-minded dedication to allowing this project to lose any luster we had at the beginning when we as investors and backers sent you our hard earned money WE worked OT for. We are NOT letting this project collapse like you say as this is just another of your horrible attempts to shift the blame. Please understand that sarcasm will only make things worse for you as I am sure you have run out of excuses and have now settled on making me some kind of arch nemesis when I am just a hard working guy trying to either get a return on my money or see you actually complete what we have paid you for. I love how you have called me the "anti-cheerleader/stalker" when I am falling back on all we have here in KS realm and that is messages until you FINALLY fulfill ONE single promise and stop leading everyone around and wasting our time. I am proud then if that is what takes you to come online and face your backers that have waited and swam trough your every excuse and falsehood so I plan to continue it. Please feel free to continue to TRY and shift the blame but as you can see everyone sees through you now. LIKE you said I believe this is an amazing experience as I have never had someone outright BS us so much in a project. I truly hope this is an amazing experience for you as well Paul. BUT sad to say I am already terribly disappointed and would prefer my refund because I can see you will find more excuses to NOT actually deliver. IF you somehow DO deliver it will either catch dust on the shelf since there will be NO pleasure in playing it. To everyone else I dont apologize for having to stay on you Paul as most are just as frustrated and could possibly care less. I am sure your "SHORTLY" is just another dodge to buy time so PLEASE continue to shift the blame, attack your backers, and BS us further as I am sure there might be a FEW of the backers that have not decided you are full of it by now. But please remember I have not taken their money THEY worked OT for, told them excuses, lies, and failed to deliver on anything I have promised so please continue this amazing experience. Or just refund our money so we can leave you to this crap. Man up Paul and take responsibility for once. -Paul Im with you William, didt got 30ot just 20 Paul your sarcasm is just goes to make you and this program worse, Sven has a point you might not like it but there it is. I am glad that you get 30hrs of OT I had to work OT too so that I can have money to spend on Programs like yours. i would just wonder how you would be reacting if payment was held until the program was completed and people told you they would send you the money but we were sick and working hard so You would just have to wait. Just so you know. :) <url>`bez´zle Pronunciation: ĕm`bĕz´z'l v. t. 1. To appropriate fraudulently to one's own use, as property intrusted to one's care; to apply to one's private uses by a breach of trust; as, to embezzle money held in trust. [imp. & p. p. Embezzled (ĕm*bĕz"z'ld); p. pr. & vb. n. Embezzling .] 2. To misappropriate; to waste; to dissipate in extravagance. To embezzle our money in drinking or gaming. OH your right Bayushi. I completely forgot this is HIS reality! Not the real world where people are responsible for their actions and do what they say they are going to do. I will remember that in the future sir when I deal with this so called creator. Thank you! Ummm, Sven. Please go back and reread update 45. He doesn't specify what year's ReaperCon. ;-) AND NO. No surprise over the weekend. Whats the excuse this time? Well so much for BY or Before ReaperCon. Maybe he will surprise us with something over the weekend........ SO what are the odds folks that we get either the game completed or ANOTHER of Paul's out of this world excuses! There are not many left and he has even gone so far as attack the backers so the new one should be VERY entertaining!!!! Just curious as the WHAT ReaperCon will do for this game and WHY it tool THAT show to get it to release? Why Paul? Something we need to know about that gets maybe the funding? The attention? Or something that finally got you to finish this trainwreck? Woo hoo! For those who do not know, ReaperCon is this Thurday! Just 4 more days and the game will be done! <url>"completely done by or before ReaperCon, but not printed by then" we should be able to get our PDF copies shortely after that. PS: I lost Dawn of the zeds. My city fell and eveyone got eaten.... ;-) Well said Bayushi! Well said. Trust me. I really want a finished product that would be worth what we paid into it. But with all the crap that has come from this and the poor performance and customer service skills from the creator there is nothing left but a numb feeling. BUT well said Mr Bayushi. Sven, When I worked in the financial services industry, we had a pessimistic/warning phrase we had to say when working with the stock market “Past performance is not indicative of future results”. Maybe we can apply that saying to this message but look at it in a positive way. On the other hand, in my back pocket I still have my favorite Monty Python phrase ready: “Figures. Predictable, really I suppose. It was an act of purest optimism to have” (insert what you are hoping for this weekend). Tonight I will be setting aside my bottle of champagne (ok, Diet Mt Dew) and my torch and pitchfork so I am prepared for whatever happens this weekend. And while I am waiting I will be playing Dawn of the Zeds. :-) Well we just got our out of the blue cryptic response telling us THINGS are coming!!!!! Yea we have heard that line before. So it's two weeks now since you said it would be only a couple days before the rest of the people received their refund options email. I still haven't received my email and I'm definitely on that list of people who need the email. I pledged for things that aren't being delivered. Gratz Kiochi! Hey Paul PLEASE contact him. At least we might get SOMETHING out of this fiasco! Woo hoo! More zombies! Just got my 28mm Zombie and survivor Kickstarter today! It was sent 1 day after the Kickstarter ended. It included a free figure and a hand written note. That is awesome! Paul, the creator was a guy by the name of Atomico (Jose Torres). His sculpting will not win awards, but maybe he is a source to get your minis made? Since he is just starting out, he may do it on the cheap just for some name recognition/business references. Here is a link to the kickstarter: <url>"making things up". Sorry Tom its not the backers that are losing perspective. Most of us are just tired of getting jerked around with false promises and the creators BS. Hey, if you guys are like me and cannot get enough Zombie games (I pledge a few on KS), check out Zed or Alive. I am getting my name added to that game as a flavor-text NPC! Whatever that means. ;-) I pledged only 5$ so it's not a big deal for me. But nothing a year later.... it's a shame. I don't like the delays but as someone who appreciates the project and is still eager for it, I would like to reiterate: health always comes before work, no matter what, and whilst I want the game as soon as possible I can wait until it is ready. I suffer from stupidly high blood pressure at the age of 37 and that has refocused my mind on how my own health and that of others affects me. Seriously we will get nothing through constant pressure and agitation but will recive our rewards eventually. Please a little perspective everyone? Anyone get those promised emails yet? Any new excuses? Attacks on the backers perhaps? Any refunds for the items he cant deliver? Anything? Stop freaking out and placing the blame on the backers for your failure. Its as stale as your excuses. Just deliver the product we paid for. Just try and do SOMETHING that resembles what you talk about in the so called updates. Refund what money is due to people or just be honest and tell us you dont have it. Study what "Theft by Conversion" is. WE are not stopping you from finishing this train wreck. You have no one to blame but yourself and just need to own up to that so we can all get out of this either with a refund or with what ever you come up with. Your project is a over a year late. The backers were on time, freaking out on them isn't cool. I am referring to "Please stop with all this making stuff up. " If anything it looks like people are being patient with you. Well, it is good to hear something. It is just sad it was not good news. I can honestly say that I am hugely disappointed that the art work was really bad and therefore the Kickstarter is a failure for many of us. That is the true reason I bought in. I have many zombie miniature rules and this one had something they all did not; the chance to be PART of the game. That is what I was after. I even sent you ideas to help improve the game (hope they still made it in). I have something like $180 total invested and of that $145 is in the pictures of my wife, 2 kids, and I (as the Exec of course). I was really looking forward to some bragging to my friends. Oh well. At least we (the backers) will have closure soon. So I think I read in your last update that everyone (Stomper and above) will be getting the equivalent of the Stomper pledge ($35) and you will keep that money and provide that to us in 4 to 8 weeks. I also bought extra maps (3x$5) and they will also be provided. The total cost for me would be $50. I will get a refund for the items not provided: The remainder of the Exec pledge, the Secretary pledge, 2 band members pledge, and the figures. That would be $130. Is that correct? Any idea when that will arrive. I could use a bit more for Arcadia Quest (ends in 8ish days) and SDE is coming mid-month! Thanks, Mike AKA Bayushi (almost the exec) Koichi What about those pledges where it is all art? Mine was the Security guard. The main part of the pledge was to have that in the game. Since you cannot meet the pledge you offered that means refund it. We just did not buy a single copy of just the game. We bought our pictures made into art for the pledge. I also did that with extra pledges for the family to be involved. So ALL of that should be refunded as well right? All of the 40.00 and above pledges that make you into a character have artwork in them. How are you breaking that down? Answer the questions in the update Paul. 1 - What about the artwork? 2 - What about the refunds on items you already said you cant deliver? 3 - What have you actually delivered? 4 - Can you stick to this deadline? 5 - Where has the money gone that we paid? I think its time you actually got professional here and answered these questions properly and with clarity. Not excuses or vague updates that you think will appease us. At least we have a deadline, thanks Paul for that and remember there are people still genuinely excited by your project! Poor health is never something you can foresee and hopefully we will all have the game we want soon! The silence speaks volumes Paul. I am getting to the point where I also agree - updates have abruptly stopped with the last "meaningful" activity was for something that was promised and still yet to be delivered over a month ago. I would imagine at this point, it could be more cost effective for a cancellation and refund than the cost associated with completing with the as promised rewards (knowing that some of those are needed to be substituted after being cancelled outright arleady). Agreed just give a refund and be done with it. Joseph has a point Paul. Just refund our money so we can at least use it for a game I WILL like and WANT to show off. Please just refund our cash now so we can just move on! I want Paul to do the right thing and admit failure and refund our money. Saturday this game will be over a year late and it shows no sign of being finished soon, not to mention the things he's definitely cancelled and the partial refunds he's promised but has not given. In November he sounded indignant at my suggestion that this would take at least another six months to finish. He said it would be finished much sooner than six months. That is ironic, as it's been over three months since I made that suggestion and he's not shown that he's anywhere close to being ready for print. If this is ever produced me prediction was correct. I'm saddened by this whole affair and like others, if he ever does produce a product, I'm not going to be able to play the game. The horrible communications and lack of professionalism taints the game forever for me. Well said John. Well said. I have no idea what i will do with mine but I can tell you it will NOT be displayed or played with any pride after what this project has become. Let's see what the next great excuse is. There are still people here but I guess Paul has not between all his overtime he is working and being sick and his computer messing up on him maybe his next excuse will be zombies attacking his house or maybe his dog eating the files for the game. I know if we every get the game. I know mine will sit on my bookshelf not to be played. I just want something so I can be done with it and mark it off my kickstarter list. Hello?...........anyone there?.............. Any chance to FINALLY have my refund? Please? I hear you Jerry. I have a couple that are late BUT they at least communicate and have something to show for their delays. I went back and re-read all of the statements for the project and boy did we fall for these lines he fed us: "We've been producing games for over 25 years, so we have a proven track record of product releases to our credit. And we've been producing our own metal miniatures since 2000, so that is a long time as well. We work with Reaper Miniatures in Texas to ensure the finest quality sculptors and the highest production values. The game system is already developed, so it is only a case of modifying it for the setting in question." There really is nothing for me to add except for frustration. I currently have 2 KS projects that are over a year late with little or no worthwhile communication or updates/schedules. This one is a bit more frustrating because it cost me 3x the price of the other and such things like the alternate plans to handle the miniatures could have already been done if our only choices were now the ones from the existing product line. WELL since we are BACK into that quiet phase and not getting a game we paid for lets at least get SOMETHING here! Lets start a game where we figure out what comes next! TODAY on the game show "How I lost my money on Kickstarter" we are looking for the NEXT BIG EXCUSE!!!! What will it be folks? 1 - My computer lost the files and I fought Aliens to get the information back and broke my pinkie toe in the process so that put me behind! or...................I have nothing left because that has to be the reason. There can be NO other excuse for this. Thanks for playing. Well said John! BUT Keep it all I just want my refund! I am so sick of this! Just give us the book and quit giving us the run around or refund us our money. It sure seems to be the way Paul wants to run his project does it not? At this point I wouldn't even WANT to recommend this to anyone to play let alone play myself now. What a waste of money. wonder what would happen if we told the project people I'll pay you but a year after I get the order and I'll contact you when I feel like paying. Looks like we are back to "Here is some last minute so called updates to appease some folks and then silence" mode again. Please for pity's sake just refund my money so I can move on from this fiasco! I have no interest in this at all and after having to correct that silly story you made up with my pledge I REALLY have no interest now! Just refund my money already. Well it has been a year since we were suppose to get the book. I through this was going to be a quick project. This project and a few others that I have back that are late with no communication from the creator is the reason I have stop backing kickstarters. Maybe he will have it done by next February. You guys have to remember when Paul say it will be up tomorrow night, what it actually means is it will be up an 10 or so days...maybe a couple of weeks...or months...could be a year AND it goes quiet again. After that confusing "update" and completely wrong bio on what I ACTUALLY paid for lets see whats next. I to have emailed you, please respond. I have supported you through thick and thin. Ignoring the nasty things others write. You said you would email those of us who wanted mini's, I didn't receive an email. I pledged $145, I really was looking forward to be able to play something I have never tried before and to be apart of it, made it that much more exciting. I really wish you would email me. Thanks Paul, my faith is restored! :-) Whilst not impressed with all of the delays, I have been eagerly awaiting this kickstarter for the picture of myself made into a character in the rulebook. Am I right in thinking that this will now only appear in the novella (which quite frankly I don't want and with another child on the way can't afford). This is not what I pledged for! I have messaged Paul to try to get a response and... Nothing! For the first time in this process I have lost faith in something that I was seriously and patiently looking forward to. Happy New Year fellow suckers! Your right Jerry this continued silence and refusal to even keep ONE promise is frustrating. Heck he has not even delivered on his other Kickstarter game let alone ours. Sven...lets hope a new year brings some changes...a continued refusal to keep promises is increasingly frustrating Christmas came and went and after I looked under my tree what did I see? Another empty inbox with no updates or timeline. Oh well. What did I expect anyways? Happy Holidays! Hope Santa brings us either an update or another timeline in the near future. YAY! Showed us a few things that were either already finished or just there when the kickstarter was started! Nothing really new NOR do we have a possible update on scheduling like you promised over and over. How about that timeline? How about letting us know what the plan is for the ones that bought extra? If you cant answer at least THAT at least answer the refund request. Something to restore a little faith in this project. So was that timeline promise for a few weekends versus the last couple that have just passed? As I stated in the "update/threat to GO OFF" I am out. I no longer have faith this will be completed. OK lets see what happens this weekend. After the update is there any DEFINITE dates? Not guesses please something definite or please refund my money. Here is his FACEBOOK if anyone else wants to try and contact him. Maybe he will answer. <url>"Theft by Conversion"? And still nothing. Paul? Paul? You there? Anyone? Anyone?.................................. I've pretty much lost all faith in this game at this point. Multiple skimpy updates that promise real updates in a few days, only to go upwards of a month with no update. This is made worse by the fact that on September 5th we were promised more frequent updates, yet of the three posted since then two of them were nothing at all. An update that says an update is coming is no update. The other had substance, but nothing stated was delivered. With the original estimated date of February I expected that this game was 90% finished other than artwork, maps, and novella. It now seems that this wasn't even close to being finished at that point. Sven is correct...it has been almost one month since we were 1 or 2 days away from having something. Regular updates with a meaningful potential schedule would do wonders at this point. It looks like Paul is funding the devil out of other projects BUT failing to finish the one he took our money on. Like I said this is getting sad. This is getting pretty sad. We are coming up on 11 months and nothing. Looks I will explore alternate means to try and get restitution here if I dont get a response soon. Any updates or should we figure this is going to be a dead project. Well said Jerry. Well said and none of these comments over the past few days has spurred a response or update from the creator. And I use the term 'bottom line' way too much, and that is the bottom line.... Alan - while your heart seems to be in the right general place, the bottom line is Paul is the one that started this project, promised initial dates for fulfillment, and collected money - at least KS did as I really have no clue how the money gets released. The bottom line is - everyone that has put up money for this project have legitimate gripes and have the privilege of asking questions being somewhat critical if that is their choice. This project is going on 9 months past due and there really has not been much movement compared to some of the promises that have been made. PLUS I dropped alot more than my pledge so I would like something to show for that. Updates will do until a product comes. No more snarky responses like "I will use others from the internet" like I received and no more stupid childish tantrums from kids like Alan. Its called customer service. Alan - Grow up. You make promises with peoples money you deliver. I understand delays. I also understand when you say deadlines or dates you make them or you explain why within a very reasonable time to not make your investors upset. I have an MBA this means I understand business. To have someone like you defend them in this manner is really a show stopper in itself and Paul should be ashamed to let this happen. YOUR response takes away ANY credibility he may have had. SO lets start here again without the emotional EMO rant that Alan just displayed and embarrassed himself and I hope Paul to no end. PDF? OR do you have an update? It is looking like there wont be a 3 backed in your info description. I've got your back, Paul. *Shoot Promo mode activated* (Google it) You guys need to stop being d!cks, seriously. This man has done better than some projects I've funded back in mid 2012 that have yet to deliver on rewards, he's endured so much physical pain and misery, he's had to endure multiple attempted MRIs due to not being able to withstand the pain long enough. He's a parent, he has a job, he has an independent business/hobby and he probably has other things to work on rather than just being our slave full-time. If I had to deal with all of that AND you ungrateful d-bags, I probably would've dropped dead from exhaustion and stress months ago. You think he doesn't feel bad enough about missing the first deadline, but a bunch of others due to said reasons and additional content due to stretch goals, he probably feels like a total failure. HE IS NOT A FAILURE! YOU FAILED HIM! Patience is a virtue you've apparently never mastered. No wonder he doesn't update more often. I've got a Newsflash for you "people", missing deadlines on Kickstarter projects isn't new! You're basically making a complete guess when you set one for a project. So if you've got anymore abuse to hurl at Paul, you direct it to me, I DARE you. Sven, Bayushi, and others, you want some, come get some... I will never again allow bullies to victimize anyone ever again if I'm still drawing breath and can do something about it. (I'm completely serious.) Signed, your recently mentally troubled neighborhood Zombie. #FeedMeMore! #FeedMeMore! #FeedMeMore! #Done! Wow what a great PDF!!!!!...........Wait. Oh have not seen it yet. My bad. PDF anyone? Anyone an Monty Python fan: Monty Python's Flying Circus - Cheese Shop MOUSEBENDER: "That figures. Predictable really, I suppose. It was an act of purest optimism to have hoped" we would receive something on the 20th "in the first place." Whoo hoo! It is the weekend of the 20th! Although we did not get the additional preview pages before the weekend, I am excited to see the PDF! Next weekend is my annual Halloween zombie games and I cannot wait to try this one out. I hope to hear more about the miniatures also this weekend. Ugh. Time for bed. I guess I will not get to read the weekend update until Monday. On a side note. I got in 2 games of zombicide yesterday and got 12 zombies painted today! Well I really hope this gets sent out by before the end of the month. I have an annual Halloween game and I wanted this to be the focal point. Ok, I really don’t expect all of it. That is probably too much to ask. However, how about just the rules or the rules including the pictures? PDF is fine. That would be great. I think it is safe to say that many lessons should have been learned from this experience. Here is to hoping things get wrapped up soon and we do get some regular updates to alleviate justified concerns at this point. Sorry missed the update Is it already thursday night ? A weekly update WOULD be nice so we can see when we can get the finished product. Hey Paul, How about a weekly update? At this point I don’t think anyone will feel oversaturated by updates. We are starving for info here. Any news on the miniatures or sample pics of our pictures from the book? Thanks I'm with you Robb. I'm close to that point myself. I backed for quite a bit and with the recent feedback from Gencon being not entirely positive and having not gotten a response to my feedback on the update showing the layout, I'm no longer very excited about the prospects of the game. If Paul can address my concerns I will likely keep with it, but if not I may just ask for my refund. This user's account has been deleted. So how are we coming with an actual release date? I was hoping this would be finished soon, but if there are that many problems I would hope that they get resolved before it goes to print. I'd hate to get a game with a lot of issues and rules problems for as much as I pledged. sorry...been really busy at gen con. 3 of the 6 players showed up for the thur game and while i do not have pictures, we did have a good time basically feeling out the rules. i sent a full list of questions regarding different situations that hopefully gives paul another view of the rules. the friday night game only had 1 person show up..lesson learned for gen con and late night games. overall, i think the rules need some polishing and additional playtesting. the version i recieved is not the finished work...i would like to see more than a few recommended scenarios. being billed as a skirmish type game, i think that would be good So Jerry, how did last night go? Hey Jerry, I think I speak for everyone on this page when I say we expect a full report (with pictures) of your game(s)! Go stomp some zombies!!!!! thanks paul...stuff happens and this definitely has not gone to plan, but gen con is a great chance for some exposure and the slots/tickets sold out right away i hope so.... :) i do have an alternate plan to use my Tunnels & Trolls rules if need be. Only like 10 days until Gencon. Is the game going to be ready for Jerry's sessions? This user's account has been deleted. Paul...I am running two sessions (Thursday and Friday night) yikes...only 1 month from gen con...i may have to create my own rules :) Yippee an update! Glad to hear things are moving foward. I was getting worried the Z's got you on the last resupply mission. Seriously though, Paul, how are you feeling? Back to 100% yet? I hope so. Yeah, I thought we were going to be getting more updates a few weeks ago, at least according to the last update we were? Any news or updates? How about now? Any news? Is it time for more pictures or updates? ummm, if you eat at "possum fritters", I think zombies are the least of your worries..... Thanks Paul. Looking forward to more updates! I have couple of KS due to be sent in the next month or two, but this is the one I am most looking forward to. Wow they look cool :), glad to know your arm pain is less. Is it sneak peak Sunday? Would be a great way to start the week. :-) That's good. I am looking forward to a sneak peak of the miniature and maybe even a sample of one of the modified pictures. Hey Paul, Any updates? I also bought a bunch of these when they were on clearance... <url>’s Play Green Bay) using Zombie Stomp. I bought a bunch of zombies and survivors at Little Wars this year. I thought I would provide the incentive that if a player (survivor) lives through the scenario they get to keep the miniature. If a player (zombie) kills a survivor they get to keep the survivor or the zombie that made the kill. I think this sounds like a lot of fun. @ Bayushi Koichi, definitely. Will have camera and plenty of documentation. I run a Zombie RPG as well, so I am in the process of painting the needed miniatures. I am also thinking that I will have plenty of maps to handle some walk-ups. Space will not be a problem at Midnight, even at Gen Con. There will be tables open that we can expand to. Maybe Paul will even show up to provide some moral support :) I am a bit jealous there Jerry. I wish I could attend and see/play in the game. You will have to share pictures. Are you going to provide us with details on the scenario? I would love to hear about it. Great to hear that Reaper will carry the books Paul. That should increase sales a bit. More publicity the better! Just saw on the miniatures page a report about another KS Aftermath modular terrain. I think I may have found Parasol HQ! Now, how to decorate my office.... My 'zombie stomp' events at Gen Con sold out almost immediately...anyone here get tickets? The sample looks great. Very excited. Hope you are healing well. Wait, that did not come out right. I meant, cannot wait for the comprehensive update tonight..... anyway, I am sure you know what I meant. Woo hoo! New update!! I cannot wait until the update to see where we are at. Any new updates? Glad things are getting better Paul. Did anyone else make Little Wars last weekend? I picked up like 80 zombies and 45 survivors! Now I just need to paint..... I am excited to soon see the project's completion, but health always has to come first. Ya gotta get well or nothing else matters. So get well soon! I'm glad to hear you are doing better because I'm getting excited to see how my boys and I look in the art. That is so good that you arm is great. Hope you make a full recovery. This user's account has been deleted. Funny stuff that...could work too! Hey Jerry. just dress like a zombie, strap garbage cans to your feet and dance. It is not your fault if they did not understand what zombie stomp was. So does anyone else check this daily and hope we are getting closer to seeing a finished product? I had a dream last night (no lie) that I was unprepared for Gen Con and had no clue what do do for my Zombie Stomp scheduled games. Realizing we are still a good 4 months away from GEN CON, the nightmare was over :) Does it feel good to know what is wrong. I hope you are able to recover and be without pain. Good luck I would have cut off the pictures a long time ago...especially if the original ETA was February...but hey...cool if it can be accommodated this late, but I hopefully not something that is holding things up. Hey Paul, Hope that things are improving for you and the MRI showed what was wrong. It is hard to believe some people have not sent their pictures in yet! Hope you get better soon How did the MRI go? I hope it went well. Hey Mayne, hope you are doing well. Was just wondering if its too late to send in the Pics for the Characters? I did a $50 pledge and finally managed to get the time to get them taken. If so, your email just <email>? This user's account has been deleted. Hey Paul, any updates for us? I would love to hear how the miniature is coming. Also, anyone notice Zombicide stole our idea? They are making a Jason Statham survivor!!! Wow. Really cool Jerry. You will have to take lots of picutres and share them. I have not been able to attend Gen Con since it left Milwaukee. Won't be able to this year either, but at least some Zombie Stomping will be going on! Well...while we eagerly await Paul's status... I am running 2 sessions of this at Gen Con - I am calling it 'Midnight Zombie Stomp', and it will be on Thursday (Friday morning 12am) and Friday (Saturday morning 12am). If you are planning on going to Indy this year, be sure to check it out in the Event Registration, which will be opening up in May Thanks Jerry. I will give it the once over. Paul, did the insurance company come through with the MRI? Any good news to share? Well...since we are all kind of hanging around waiting for Paul to give us some updates...he is a link to my blog where I have been running a 'solo' zombie survival adventure using T&T alternate rules that I have been working on. If you also pledged on the Tunnels & Trolls Kickstarter and have never played the system, this could also give you some idea of the basic mechanics. <url>#400! Oh wait, never mind..... ;-) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. you got it Robb :) This user's account has been deleted. Good to call them all out by role too...get those pics in darnit It would probably be better to send out another update message to remind people as people don't get updates on comments. Paul, did everyone send in their pictures? About 2 more weeks until Stomping goodness!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Well, I do want people to tell the difference between us and the zombies.... until we become zombies of course... My pictures are in. One Exec, one secretary, one mall rat, and a band member. Now, if they can just make us look good.... Hairdresser and Mallrat photos are sent :) It took alot to get him to smile, I had to tease him for ages lol This user's account has been deleted. Ok, the pledge form is filled out. Now I just need to send the pics tomorrow. Broke down and bought the illustrations of the family. I was thinking of using them for next year's christmas cards.... :-) Whoo hoo! The time has come. Oh wait. Now let's see. Which is my best side for the picture? Maybe I should get a haircut. Maybe I need a new suit!! Where did I put my power suit! Uggghhh the pressure! Just sent some pictures of myself. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Yay for Lunch Lady :) Great, thanks. Still super psyched about getting the game. This user's account has been deleted. My cousin wants a copy of the game. Any chance you could let us know when/if it'll be available for purchase from the general public? Like posting a link to purchase it in an update when it's available, to get our friends and family to buy additional copies. Good things are coming our way This user's account has been deleted. I am sad that I never learned what happened to the lunch lady... ;-) Did I miss the news story? Oh I see, no one pledge editor and chief. :-) This user's account has been deleted. Wow that was very interesting, can't wait to read more :) "Parasol Industries" I see what you did there. Alice fits in the game more than I thought. This user's account has been deleted. ooo peeking :) This user's account has been deleted. The last Kickstarter project I took part in that was this fun was about half a year ago. I'm still amped too. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks and congrats, I hope it goes smoothly for you :) I think I read there was another fig available now for an extra $5 can I still add that? I was cashed out already but can I still add the extra $5? Man, go off to work and it all goes to hell :) Congrats on the sucess of the KS and on hitting the novella!! :) Congrats!!!!!! I come back from my appointment and there is 2 pages to read hahaha I must write down all the extra stuff too I have mine written down on a notepad program. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. good times - thanks all Woo hoo! For he is a jolly good fellow! Thanks Jerry! Paul, thanks for a enjoyable kickstarter! Or zombie Bartender - we shall see you bet this has been fun This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. ha my $40 will be the zombie step son who HATES zombies This user's account has been deleted. I just did it This user's account has been deleted. Jerry, tell her it is for the kids. That usually works! like a zombie game of chicken hahaha This user's account has been deleted. A Walther PPK? hey my mouse is finally working - switched computers This user's account has been deleted. ha oh boy... the wife will kill me...so someone else...maybe :) How about a LotR Sting replica? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Ugghh! The suspense!! Like a Katana? Or even a Mick Foley inspired 'barbed wire bat'? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hey Paul, how about if someone pledges the last $40, they get to use a chainsaw as a weapon? This user's account has been deleted. I'm hoping we can make this. We're so close. Ok....if i added another 40 for zombie level, could i get a second pic in my image as the zombie version of dude... Just thinking out loud in case we get too close for comfort...not saying i am doing this yet... This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for stopping by Tom and your contributions. Here's to hear good news when you wake up! I had a great race ruined by them once!!! I hate them..... ;-) Going to bed now, good luck guys, hoping for above $3500 and more! If I wasn't teaching a class of 32 tomorrow I would be watching the end result! This user's account has been deleted. LOL. Something tells me that if we met in real life they would not become friends of mine. Bet they are zombie rights activists. This user's account has been deleted. I know what you mean. I got a few stifles on The Miniatures Page. :-) No pain no gain!! I know what you mean. I got a few stifles on The Miniatures Page. :-) No pain no gain!! Going to the local supermarket. Zombies need flu shots too. We can do this! I have faith. This user's account has been deleted. Got it, thanks, don't know why it was missing before. Spent everything now so it's up to others to get us over 3500! I am up at 11.55pm with work tomorrow and biting my fingernails off, let's get going!!!! Good luck Paul Not far to go, just tried to get holyman and someone got there first, have to settle for upping to ed in chief - hope it's worth it! P.s. lets get over $3500 3500 is still a reality I think....we shall see This user's account has been deleted. Alas poor Roddy, I tried to get you in at the 3000 level...but someone else was a bit more devoted than me :) Paul, the coolest thing about this is that you are more than likely getting some solid followers for your future stuff. Judging by how quickly the 'Gnome Adventurers' took off, which I think is directly related to how well they delivered on what they promised with the Dwarves. Whatever happens, looking forward to everything coming our way. How about offering some more figures for additional pledge money. 3 figures from the Vampire Hunter$ series for $10? Well, I doubt the totally sane would survive in Romereo.... :-) 14 times $10 gets us the book. If 14 backers pledge $10 for the book right now, we unlock it. Let's do it! This user's account has been deleted. Plus..I want to get to that story Insanely trying to help you out Paul :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I second Jerry. Thank might be cool. I could spring another $5 for art work. They also don't offer any head protection and they limit your mobility so probably not that good. Definitely not good in a swarm. Just trying to justify more reasons to part with more of my money :) This user's account has been deleted. What are the chances of say, getting a print of the artwork for your character for another $5, like maybe an 8.5 x 11? This user's account has been deleted. Good point Robb, but you would be slower and if swarmed, that suit will probably be pulled off...but yea, it should provide valid protection until you are no longer on your feet. This user's account has been deleted. or they changed their pledge to a slightly higher level... Damnit! Someone wussed out again! Added $10 for the book. This user's account has been deleted. Zombie head cracker...nice This user's account has been deleted. I added the $10 for the book :) I just looked at the time. I wont be here for the last hour :( Good luck hope it goes way over. This user's account has been deleted. Wow heaps happened after I went to bed. It is so close to the next stretch goal, I don't know whether I should add $10 for the novella in hopes that it will happen :) I am painting while lisenting to the football game. Just finished 4 zombie vixens. I get to use them next month when these rules arrive! Whoo hoo! I don't see me living through the story, as I'm already dead. Do I appear undead from the start? Or do I get to turn? Also the best zombiehunter. Shaun, (Hassle. Name is ray) This user's account has been deleted. Paul, I once saw pictures that someone made of 28mm scooby gang with Daphne holding a zombified Fred on a chain. But, I don't think that is what you meant is it? :-) Although if it is, I am sure Alan will help you out with the zombifing. He is still looking for more zombie recruits. That made me think. What character are you showing up as? Paul...adding a friend like that, would that double up the rewards (base rewards that would normally come with that level)? Only $240 left to the novella! Upped my pledge slightly to cover zombie Alice. Have enough to cover te overload, so here's hoping. Paul, will there be a chance to play catch up after the KS finishes if I want to top up? I have pledged enough to potentially get the novella, or double Alice's. but if we hit $4k, I will be at work :) Paul, LOL! I like that better! Although, that would be a very short episode! @ Alan, me too I will add the money to pay for Roddy Piper, for sure :) After they trap the "monster", the owner gets eaten by zombie shaggy and scooby? I'll up my pledge the second we hit $3500, and then again at $4000. This user's account has been deleted. These are the parts that are still available as of the 7 hour mark... Zombie (7) - 40 Shoe Shine Guy - 40 Truck Driver - 45 Paramedic - 45 Mail Carrier - 50 Band Director - 50 Owner of the Filling Stationg - 55 Holy Man - 60 Barber - 60 Editor in Chief - 60 Nurse - 65 Fire Fighter - 65 Doctor - 75 Owner of the Old Amusement Park - 75 Dentist - 75 I'm glad to see someone came in and made some big pledges to make up for those who backed out or decreased their pledge. Unfortunately I'm topped out, I just can't increase my pledge by anymore. I've honestly pledged more than I reasonably should have. Hopefully we will get some more people pledging in the next 8 hours. I'd really like to get a copy of that illustrated story for all of our named pledges. Oops, I missed update 14 for some reason...... Wow. A couple more jumps and we will make the $3500! I thought it was a bit out of reach, but $3500 is in sight now! I wonder what Paul has up his sleeve for $4000???? This user's account has been deleted. wow...we just got in a big supporter...thanks whoever you are... This user's account has been deleted. What kind of shenanigans is going on here! Last night before bed it was up to $2975, I get the update this morning the the $3000 goal was unlocked, and now it's back down to $2905. People backing out is kinda BS. I added to my pledge yesterday in order to cover the $3500 goal if we make it that far. I'm hoping we can make it. $3000 goal repaired.... Zombie Alice relocked... *Burp* I just ate the people who wussed out. They tasted like chicken. Awesome. Looking forward to Alice and zombie Alice. It would also be nice to see a bunch of last minute pledgers to hit the $3500 mark. I ordered the zombiehorde (and the 25 pledge + 10 for shippment) Is there a extra shipment cost for this figure package ? (shippment to norway) What's going on? We're down again? Looks someone pulled out. Unfortunately, we tend to see this a lot with this KS Super cool $3000 goal broken! Zombie Alice unlocked! I'm already in $65, the only way I could get the go ahead to pledge more would be if the book was going to happen. If 5 people pledged $5 each for a Zombie Alice figure, it would be done. Wow! What a difference a few hours makes! I was watching most of the day and there was no movement. I come back a few hours later and we are almost at $3000! Awesome!!! Way to go everyone! getting closer, I added, diner, city hall maps and $5 in hopes of zombie Alice $65 away from Zombie Alice. $565 from the book. You forgot "Diary of the Dead", the movie that came before "Survival of the Dead". I also think "The Walking Dead" should be on the list even though it's a TV show. Going a little off topic, my favorite zombies are 'Bub' from "Day of the Dead", and 'Big Daddy' from "Land of the Dead". 'Bub' in my opinion is the smartest zombie that ever unlived. He grasped the concept of revenge. This user's account has been deleted. My kids asked me to remind everyone about the movie Ninjas vs zombies (not to be confused with Zombies vs Ninjas). I told them there was not way I could forget that movie no matter how hard I try..... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for being so generous Paul (see update 12). There is nothing worse than just realizing you missed something cool on a Kickstarter because you did not know about it. You know Alan, it only takes one zombie. Then you just need to create your own. You start with friends and family and convince them to join you (biting works wonders) and then….. Hey Leisa, you can spend the Saturday getting your mall rat ready for his staring appearance, researching Redneck names for your characters, or watching zombie movies to get you in the mood to game! Finished watching Romero’s Survival of the Dead the other night. It reminded me of a few role-playing adventures I once played. I especially like the random guy fishing off the top the fishing shack. A zombie ends up forcing him to fall of the shack into the water. The guys in the shack didn’t go “oh no! Was that Bill? Is he hurt?”, but “What was that? Oh well, must be nothing”. LOL! Zombie Saturday sitting in front of the mac doing nothing. Thanx already everybody and Paul for à fun kickstarter thingy $325 to go! Anyone else want to be a zombie? I'm out numbered at the moment. I've got a feeling that I'd have better chances of feeding at a buffet. :( No, not zombie.just stuck at work on Saturday :( We will keep plugging away... Would be great to get to 3500 @ Paul. No wonder we have a zombie problem at Romero! All these outsiders coming in and experimenting on the poor defenceless populace..............no wonder we have zombie issues! But in all seriousness, not sure what you were hoping to learn from the experience, but I have to admit, the one thing you have done well on here is be approachable and kept the dialogue up and running with the pledgers. The continual stretch goal addition and listening to the group has added to the fun that has been on here :) This user's account has been deleted. Ummm, but Alan, why does it matter? Zombies cannot read..... ;-) I probably don't need to ask, but I will anyway. Will my Zombie reward level book be signed? Wow, go to work for an afternoon, and look what happens! Welcome to our newest residents of Romero. :) Damn, I don't drink. I'll only hunt you for sport. I'll eat your National Guardsman buddy on the 4th of July though. Welcome Brian. Alan (zombie) will be happy to know another potentially slow (or passed out) resident has arrived! I am sure Paul will answer your question directly and I am confident he will work something out for you. He does his best to keep his pledgers happy. My guess is that you may just need to add that amount to your pledge and let him know, he will save the National Guardsman for your friend. Oh, and don't forget to have your friend pledge to get the extra maps, and figures, and...... ;-) I've pledged(town drunk). Is there any way to add other people to my pledge? Friend of mine doesn't do amazon, wants the National Guardsman. Way to go everyone! Your welcome Leisa. Jerry - go for the matched pair and get the Zombie Stomping girls! ;-) I'll take 1 Parasol Industries Map, 1 color Megalomart map, 1 Diner and City Hall map each, and my 2 figures I want are 1 Col. Andrew Jackson Steele and 1 Cole - Hunter of the Dead, please. You're all welcome, $2500, by 8:04 pm pacific by my clock. goal unlocked! Getting closer :) Thank you for the tips Bayushi. @ Bayushi, thanks for the ideas on Bambi and Thumper...it is between those 2 and 'tomb raider' since I already have most of the others...if we raise another $20 Way to go people! Just a few more dollars! Liesa, I agree with Jerry and Paul. The Doctor, Nurse, and patient are some of my favorites. They are the type you can never have enough of....Especially for that hospital themed game you will want to have! I have Bambi and Thump'r, They are nice. For those worried that they are not outfitted for optimal zombie stomping, they are not hard to modify. You can cut the front off the cross bow and make it a shotgun and cut the cross up and and add a 9mm. For Bambi you can replace the stak and hammer with a Katana (or two) and a 9mm. Heck, you want to get two sets. One for the orignal (for when the new Vampire Hunter rules are released) and one set for zombie stomping! Those zombies are nice...I just already have most of them :) I did my part, I added a few ducats to my pledge. Come on, lets get this done. There are a couple of those Vampire Hunter$ models who would make great survivor miniatures! Sorry ROTAG doesn't fit in my view of the Zombie Apocalypse so I'll just have to settle for two of the lower priced ones! I have added mall rat, Alice. I will add on for the starter zombie horde. In hairdresser it doesn't say the colour printed cardstock stand ups, will we be able to buy them? how much would they be? Well - I can add a bit more for Alice and maybe an extra copy of the rulebook...but I think we still need at least 2 more new backers... Paul, I assume we can pledge for more than one copy of the Alice mini? I seem to have miscalculated my pledge and kicked in too much. So, rather than setting the kind offer you made about hitting 2500 tonight backwards, I would put it towards another Alice? Hope that is cool :) AND pick out their 2 ahead of time. Damn, being a zombie takes its toll on my brain. Everyone should go look at the miniatures pick out their 2 ahead of time. Wow! Thanks Paul! I left a post on The Miniature Page. Time to hit other forums! Let's get out there people! Thanks for posting on the Gen Con forum Jerry. You are right. If we all get out there and stomp the forums we participate in, we can scare up more backers! 4 days to go and at least $1300 needed! I think at this point, we just need some more word of mouth...I will post on the Gen Con forum... I just got an idea to increase funding, background images, and fun. Could you add the possibility of including pets in the game. Like the role of "stray dog", or "stray cat". Maybe if there is some outdoor pond or lake you could include fish and turtles, or snakes and tarantulas for creepy areas, and various other animals. Seem like a good idea? This user's account has been deleted. OK...being the Bartender might keep me alive a bit longer... hmmm... :) Another question... Is there a reason some 'roles' are only 40 and other are 100, other than being a Mayor is more prestigious than being a shoe shine boy? Just wondering if the increased pledge also involves increased role in the game? Alan, I hate to admit it, but that would probably be my little Band Member. All he does is play video games. Cardio is not in his vocabulary. Besides, I would not be surprised if his older brother the Mall Rat would trip him so he could get away! $3500 goal most definitely looks cool. Hope we can get there! :) I'm hungry, who here is the slowest runner? Thanks Paul - I am assuming the extra copy of the rulebook does not include a second set of cards. Been reading all the updates and trying to get caught up on everything I missed...is there an expected page count for the rulebook? If this is covered somewhere, I apologize... Many years ago, I bought a pretty cool looking boxed set of miniatures that came packaged in a plastic VHS case...I was always interested to see what happened to that game. The miniatures were for Vampire Hunters and now I am glad to support this project...as a National Guardsman. Good Luck Woo hoo. A two for one special at $2500. $3500 looks pretty cool! A big kudos to all the backers so far. We are almost at 1/2 of what Super Fogeys made with only a little more than 1/4 of the backers! Way to go everyone! FYI - time to vote for the NEXT stomping survivor. I am not sure if it resets, but maybe Paul will drop some of the dead weight to narrow down the field. To put in my plug, we should probably get a guy to go with Alice and there is only ONE action hero on that list who can keep up with her. She really gets around and I am sure this hero can help Transporter to where she needs to go. wink wink. Man my wife be doubly happy he if gets chosen! Hey Joseph, That is the great thing about zombies, cut a leg off here, reposition an arm at a weird angle there, heck, drill a hole right through them, and you have totally new zombies!! Not to mention, can you really have too many nurse zombies? I know I can't. It's nice to see the zombie miniature add-on, unfortunately I already have all the Reaper zombies. Oh well I've added on for the zombie stomper mini. I can always use good survivor minis. Pledged extra $5 for Alice. I think the classic look would be best, but if you decide to use one of her looks that involves nudity I won't hold it against you. There's at least 3 to choose from. Freshly showered Alice getting dressed, waking up in that locked white room where she falls to the ground and... well... Hello Kitty makes a cameo, or naked in the water tank at the end of Apocalypse. I digress though, the classic red dress will be fine. Thanks Alan, now we have something to hunt! :-) So Alice is the minaiture winner. I broke the news to my wife that Jason Statham did not win. When I told her Alice won she said "That is even cooler". (facepalm) I will never understand women..... This may be a silly question but do all the named slots that come with a printed book also come with the card stock figures? Okay, We pushed past the first stomper mini! So who will it be? More importantly, what is the secret stretch goal? :) Oh no! Chuck Norris has caught up with Megan! In all seriousness though, there will be Chuck mini pre and post zombiefication coming out from another KS. While too many Chucks may not be enough during the end times, would it be better looking at other options? Congratulations, you've got yourself a zombie. I'll try to find a decent picture. Hmmm........my job in real life has opened up in Romero. Should I step back from politics to take it up? :) Woo hoo we have more towns folk. Now, if we could just get some zombies..... I got it, maybe... 1 Pizza guy and 8 Pizza guys zombies?? 8 more Pizza guys? Why? That works too :) Although, rather than a gun, perhaps auto mechanic tools? Crowbar, tire iron, large spanner? To go with the character's source? Megan Fox from Transformers 2 at the start. Singlet and cut offs :P Looks like Megan Fox is in the lead for voting. So, what type of outfit should she be wearing IF she wins? Cheerleader from Jennifer's body? Jeans and t-shirt like Transformers? You welcome Sam. I hope it helps people understand how the game works and convinces them to pick it up. It is a great value. All hail Stomping day! Wouldn’t it be something if the outbreak coincided with the annual Stomping Day celebration? Hint hint, Paul. ;-) Thanks for your effort. You know what they say; no publicity is bad publicity when you need to get the word out about your game. :-) Bayushi (Mr. Executive) Thanks for the review (forgot to mention that earlier). First up, if it is to be a public holiday in Romero, it would be "Stomping Day" as per the Simpsons episode "Whacking Day" for snakes. All small towns need their quaint traditions :) As per the plug and play nature if the rules, that would be cool. Why be a town notable if you cannot play yourself :P As for the maps, thanks for the response. Should have thought about that before I enquired. As for PR work, liked on Facebook and will pass through on my game group. Unfortunately, where I am, gaming is seen as infantile. As such, I have two social circles that never interact, a gaming circle and the other. So PR is limited there, but will try and see what I can do Hey Sam, Good questions. Here are my thoughts: 1) In SPMC you have heroes with range weapons (or powers) who are shooting at each other. It adds another element to the player vs player tactics battle not to allow pre-measuring . When facing zombies, range will not matter as much (well, except staying away from the zombies), so playing on squares will not reduce the fun/strategy of the game play for Zombie Stomp. 2) If I remember correctly they are 1” squares and will be big enough for game play. Examples: The MegaLotMap is 29” x 44.5” and the Parasol facility is 11”x17”. 3) Looking through the SPMC rules, my feeling is that it will be easy to incorporate the RPG elements in Zombie Stomp. I think you can pick and choose what you want to use from all the rules. I believe his philosophy is more of providing a good base game and providing options that players can pick and choose what they want to use to have a better experience. I agree with your statement about finding more “zombie food” to move forward. So get out there to the blogs and gaming sites and push the game! I even picked up my first stifle on the Miniatures Page talking about the game (I feel excepted there now). I get the impression that his intention was to fund getting the rules out. Getting extra maps and figures was on his list, but not the highest priority. However, I think if we beat the bush a bit more we can get a nice size Kickstarter going here with a couple of figures and more maps. Of course, these are my thoughts and if anything above is wrong, I am sure Paul will let us know. As a side note, I think the letting pledgers be part of the story was genius. There are many Kickstarters with rules and figures, but not many where you can AFFORDABLY become part of the game. Thanks for the update. Rules appear simple enough. Couple of questions spring to mind though 1) the review states no ore measuring during a turn. So the game is designed to be played on a non printed / hexed war game board as opposed to a map board? 2) the printed maps in the KS, will they be printed in gaming scale? Or just printed out as if in the rule book? 3) Paul has stipulated that Zombie stomp is simply the war gaming component to their rules system tailored for zombie stomping? If that is the case, being a role player, is it possible to drag the rpg rules back into the system should I so choose? Have to admit, looking at the Zombie Stomp rules has made me interested in chasing up the Vampire Hunter$ rules when they are released later. I was originally introduced to the game via "the silly rpg" d20 supplement :P While the pledged amount rises, moving us further past pledge goals, our pledge numbers have not changed, indicating the increases are attributed to current pledgers increasing their levels either for minis or to add mall rats or band members. I suspect if we want to hit higher stretch goals, we are going to need fresh meat.....blood........pledgers :) Not sure the reasoning behind the short KS campaign time, but the current KS makes for an interesting experiment on running a KS campaign. At the moment, while there are pledgers are the standard game level (stomper or lower), the bulk of the pledgers (more than half) are for ''named' roles. I am curios as to whether more named roles will increase pledge numbers. Our chance to become part if the game, jf you will :) Ugh! I just noticed that the $2500 was changed to secret... So what is the secret? Huh? Huh? Don't make me sick the corporate lawyers on you!!! Hello everyone, First let me say I am sorry for the length of this post. I ended up writing a lot more than the “short” review I intended. Secondly, the information I am providing is my interpretation of the ECS game engine. I have a copy of Super-Powered Miniatures Combat (SPMC for short) and so I thought I would share a few of the game mechanics to help you visualize what Zombie Stomp might be like. I apologize to the Team Frog Studios crew if I misrepresent or misinterpreted any aspects of the game in the information I provide below. This is not meant as an all-inclusive review, but I hope it helps you visualize the game and gets you excited to get the rules in a month or so. Skills and test: Characters have basic stats such as Strength, Accuracy (ie Dexterity), Body, etc. You use these skills as the base number for checks (based on a d10 system). The higher the stat, the better for the character. Example: Billy Bob has an accuracy of 7. To shoot a zombie at Medium range (9” to 17”) is a -1 modifier, he would need to roll under a 6 (7-1) on a d10. Rolling low is good in this game. That is one of the reasons I like it! I am great at rolling low!!! ;-) There might also be times when you have opposed rolls vs other characters/zombies. Then you each roll based on your skill number and try to get the biggest differential between the roll and the skill number (remember low is good). So if Jimbo (skill of 4) and Billy Bob (skill of 8) need to make an opposed roll, they both roll a d10. Jimbo rolls a 2 (Good roll!) and Billy Bob rolls a 4 (not bad). However, Billy Bob wins because his roll differential is larger. It is four points lower than his skill and Jimbo is only 2 points lower. There are times you might also need to make tests against a specific number. Example: Jimbo needs to leap from one building to the next to escape the hoard of zombies lumbering up behind him. The other building is 10 feet away. Not too far away. The distance seems like it would be a normal task and therefore no modifier to the target number of his skill. Oh but wait! Did I forget to mention the other building is slightly tall than the building he is on? This makes it a harder task to complete. Now let’s say it is a classified as a hard task. This gives the roll a -2 modifier. Jumping is an athletic skill so Jimbo will use his ACC which is 4 (Hey, they don’t call him “Jimbo fumble fingers” for nothing). His target is 4 -2 =2. Jimbo rolls a 4… and falls to his doom. If the roofs were just the same level….. SPMC has all types of skills and the corresponding stats they used to check for success. Examples: athletics, smart skills, charisma, medical training, weapons expert, etc. The Turn: The basic idea is that each character gets a chance to take an action and fight in the same turn. Fighting of the same type (range or hand-to-hand) is considered simultaneous and damage is applied in the appropriate phase. The phases are (in order): Movement Phase: This is where all non-fighting actions take place. You start by rolling for initiative (roll d10 player with lowest roll going first) and then continue with actions such as moving characters, aiming weapons, picking up objects, etc. There are all sorts of modifiers to the characters movement based on terrain, ladders, etc. Picking Target: No pre-measuring. Each character picks a target they will attack (if they are taking a fighting action). You have to be able to see an opponent to attack them and the Line of Sight (LOS) check is done in the Range Combat phase. Range Combat: It is now time to shoot at the zombies (or, I suppose, each other if you want). Range combat damage is applied at the end of the phase. It is always a good idea to shoot the zombie before it can bite you…. There is a sample of range combat above. Hand-t0-hand: If you missed the zombie, it is time to see if it eats your brains. H-t-H damage is applied at the end of this phase. The H-t-H check is made by rolling against your Accuracy (after applying any modifiers you need to roll less than your modified ACC), then check damage (strength of weapon vs Body stat). After applying modifiers, any damage left reduces the character’s Body stat. If the target is reduced to zero wounds it is knocked out. Other options: The rules provide the option of doing nothing and recovery some body if you are wounded. Also, the rules are not 100% set in stone. The game provides optional rules, variants, and examples of other ways of doing things. Example: the basic rules say that if your character gets to zero body, they are knocked out. However, if you don’t mind a little more book keeping, you can use this optional rule: if a character recovers back to 1 body point (in most games they are once again 100% effective), make a roll on the recovery chart and they might have a “lingering wound(s)”. This causes a modifier(s) such as ½ movement, +2 to all checks etc. The SPMC rules contain a lot more information than I have covered here (e.g. defensive actions like dodging attacks, optional hit chart for body locations, and throwing objects). According to the Kickstarter Home page, Zombie Stomp is not going to have all the roleplaying stuff that some of their other rules have, but I think it is awesome that they all use the same mechanics. It gives you the choice to keep it simple with your Zombie Stomp characters or jazz the characters up a bit by mixing roleplaying elements and ideas from other games. As an example, the SPMC rules have an optional roleplaying section where you can add handicaps like addiction (no, my character isn’t drunk, why do you ask) or family members (Plot generator: Gosh darn it, did Little Lou Lou wander off into the dark, scary forest by herself again!!!) I am looking forward to Stomping some zombies and hope you are too. Changed my pledge my Son want te be à brandemmer, this is one of the coolest things to do Ok, I know not everyone is as geeky as me, but I would be interested in knowing who the other characters are. What, wait for the rules?!? Bhaaa. If you so choose, how about revealing if you are the Cheerleader, football coach, etc. You don’t have to put it in your tag. That might be a bit weird…. I think the stomper/zed version is a great idea. I look forward to seeing who wins the voting. So Sam, when is the major going to decree a special zombie stomping holiday? :-) $ 1750! Had to kick in for the two mall rats plus. After all, the mayor needs his city hall:) Was just a thought. What do the other pledgers think? Paul, to confirm, the figures we are voting on are survivors/ zombie stompers and not zeds? Although, a survivor and zombie version of the same character would be cool! Congrats to the redneck of the year! Let's grabber us sum here guns and beer and cellerbait. But rememeber to vote BEFORE you drink! I will second the proposal for more information about the game ad or mechanics. Paul, you have indicated that the executive has a role to play in the storyline. Is that storyline leading to the game? Or in actual gameplay? Also, do any of the other "named" roles have a similar effect? I would love to help. Message sent. Hey Paul, since you are making updates to the kickstarter already tonight, would you add a little more about the game mechanics or a link to more information on a different website. That might help draw more traffic. Loyalty is more important than looks for a person like that???? ;-) Ok, AND she is much better looking. I think you guys would rather see her in the book than this balding, chubby, 40 year old..... Nice.... Good.I am thinking of making my wife the exec. She is much more evil than I am.... Hey Paul , ibacked the teacher pledge, but i am à man (last time i went to the bathroom ) but on pledge thingy it was à girl That could be changed ? Sorry for autowrite mistakes Ok, I know the voting information is supposed be up later tonight and I am sure Paul already has his list made, but I am wondering if there was anyone you guys would like to see on the list? I cannot really think of many international stars nor am I good at redneck stars, but here are a few of my survivor ideas: Not Big Bang zombie hunters (including the girls) Jason Statham (my wife’s choice. She said be sure to mention he should be shirtless….) Charlie Harper (2 ½ men show) and “friend” For none celebrity types, it would be interesting to do some none Caucasian or African American generic survivors. Something like Glen from the Walking Dead. Hey Paul, Not to complicate your quick Kickstarter, but I would love to hit at least one of the miniature goals and am trying to find ways to get more money invested. I have already pitched your project on The Miniatures Page on a few threads, but being a bit of a lurker, I don’t really have the social connections to reach tons of people (facebook, what is facebook???). However, here is another idea. Have you thought about custom dice? Most people I game with have tons of dice, but are still suckers for custom dice. Something with the Parasol logo or maybe even “Rednecks Rule!” could be a hit. You probably have better connections than I would find on the web, but I saw a website that you can get customer dice. Their sample prices were $30 for 30 standard opaque dice engraved with a name or $1.50 ea for 100 translucent dice with a custom logo. You could sell them in groups of 5 for $10 and still make a bit of profit to use for producing a miniature or two. It might bring in a few more investors and while they are here, the rules are a good deal, etc etc. I think your voting for the first figure will also bring in some traffic. So I will be sure to list it on The Miniatures Page after you add the update tonight. Hey Paul, Did I miss the voting opening up? I did not see it on the front page or in the updates. Where you playing Scrabble again last night? Awesome Leisa! My 12 year old just handed me $10 and asked to be a band member (even with the zombie food comment). Not to be out done, his older brother asked to be a mall rat and wanted to pay with Game Stop credit...... Paul, do you take Game Stop credit? I added $10 to my stomper for a mall rat :) I am looking forward to reaching the miniature goals and cannot wait to see what you have up your sleeves. As far as types, I prefer "heroes" vs more zombies. Regular zombies are easy to get. In fact, I just got a box of zombie vixens this week. The one caveat is for popular character(s) zombies. I bought the not scrubs zombies and love them. Other options would be not zombie: A team, Big Bang, Tom Cruise (who would not want to shoot that zombie)….. You are calling this a miniature game but I don't see any miniatures in the goals or add-ons. Here's hoping we see some added before the end of the project. I have a need to increase my zombie horde with new walkers! So I told my kids about the possibility of being in the game. My oldest (15) gave me the thumbs up while not taking his attention away from eating his cereal and my youngest (12) looked a bit hesitant and asked hesitantly “What, as test subjects?”. Awesome, I got two monsters I will probably be adding as the kids! :) BTW, any chance as we get close to the end you write an update with all the add ons. I know with the gradual addition of add ons, I am going to forget what I did and didn't do. As such, I prefer to add on right at the end :) Ask and you shall recieve. A big thanks to Paul, I now have a secretary! And she is a cute one if I say so myself. PS, did you win at scrabble? Your wife is not mad at me for interrupting your game is she? Alright, you sold me (the wife is gonna kill me). I am in for the Exec. So, do I get a secretary? Thanks for the quick reply Paul. Great news on the maps. So, how long do I have to stay up tonight...... :-) Sorry if I missed it, but what size is the map? Is it 8 1/2 x 11 just showing the buildings or is it designed with 1" hexes so we can actually play on it (something like 2'x3'). Also, I wish you would have more $45 character pledges. I just noticed this KS now and am waaaay to late to get one of those. I would like to make my wife a character in the game. Although I am temped, I just cannot swing the $100 for the Corp character. Congratulations on being funded. This user's account has been deleted. Cool funded. Funded ;D This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted.